Print   Email   Font Resize Canon City News Fremont County officers recall "shots fired" moments in Devlin Palaza trial By Sarah Matott The Daily Record Posted:   03/29/2017 07:38:31 PM MDT Officers from two law enforcement agencies recalled the 2015 incidents when they were shot at Wednesday, as day three of a jury trial for Devlin Palaza continued. Palaza, 43, is accused of attempted murder against law enforcement after allegedly shooting at law enforcement on two occasions in December 2015 while attempting to flee in a vehicle. He has been charged with three counts attempted second-degree murder, two counts of weapons possession by a previous offender, two counts of being a habitual criminal, eluding, vehicular eluding, criminal mischief and an attempt to escape custody. On Wednesday, Sgt. David Baroz with the Fremont County Sheriff's Office and Detective Sgt. Patrick Slattery with the Florence Police Department each testified regarding their involvement with two vehicle pursuits. Baroz, who testified first, said the FCSO received a notification on Dec. 20, 2015 about a car in the area that law enforcement should be on the look-out for. He said that night, he came across a car matching the notification at the Wal-Mart parking lot in Cañon City at approximately 11:13 p.m. After Baroz arrived in his patrol vehicle, the car he spotted proceeded to leave Wal-Mart. After some pursuit, Baroz was joined by additional officers from FCSO and the Cañon City Police Department. A video recording from Wal-Mart's parking lot was shown to a panel of jurors, featuring a dark car parked in the parking lot and an FCSO patrol car. The video shows the FCSO car pull around to shine its lights at the suspected vehicle - at the same time the vehicle simultaneously left the parking lot. Advertisement CCPD attempted to make a traffic stop, Baroz said, but that ultimately was the start of a vehicle pursuit. Baroz described in detail the route FCSO officers took on U.S. 50, CO-9 and Fremont County Road 11 to pursue the vehicle. Baroz also used multiple maps provided by the district attorney's office to point to the jury panel where the pursuit took place. He told jurors the fleeing vehicle swerved into oncoming traffic and a semi truck that was parked on the side of the road. Speeds during the chase varied from 60 mph to 80 mph, he said. When the chase passed 8-mile, Baroz said shots were fired. "I would admit to my embarrassment, it was terrifying," Baroz said after being asked what it was like to be shot at. "Offices are supposed to be brave. We run head on into danger — it's our job," he said. He said he knew it was a gun because he saw a cylindrical object from the suspect's car and when it fired, the muzzle flashed and a "pop" noise was heard. Baroz said the pursuit of the suspect's vehicle ended in Teller County and was terminated because of the dangers it would have presented if it had continued. After Baroz finished his testimony, Slattery testified to the jury about a different pursuit that occurred on Dec. 21, 2015. In his testimony, he discussed a pursuit that occurred on CO-115 with a different vehicle. He said they found this car after receiving a warrant for Palaza's phone. This warrant sent Slattery GPS locations of Palaza's phone about every 15 minutes. While patrolling CO-115, he said, they received a GPS location of Palaza's phone that showed Palaza was possibly south of them on CO-115, heading toward Fremont County. Slattery, who was in an unmarked vehicle, found a car that was driving abnormally. He said the car was driving obviously slower in an area where people are often seen speeding and that the driver was in a "tunnel vision" mode. "He was wearing a hoodie, his hands were at a 10-and-2 position and he wasn't moving at all," Slattery said. After some time, Slattery described how he was joined with a Colorado State Patrolman and a Colorado Wildlife Officer and how he attempted to make a traffic stop in Penrose. At this point, two of the three vehicles that made the traffic stop with Slattery were marked, he said. Slattery exited his car and asked the driver to show him his hands as he approached the car. But, he said, "before I finished, the vehicle took off." As he described the second chase, Slattery also used maps to show jurors the route where the chase occurred. He then told jurors how the person in the fleeing vehicle shot three times: twice from the passenger side and once through the rear window. "The third shot, I saw the muzzle flash and the back window shatter," Slattery said, adding that the third shot caused debris to strike his own car. He said bullets never penetrated his car, but did leave dents. He also said officers later discovered a shotgun inside the fleeing vehicles. Slattery continued by describing how the vehicle came to be stopped on Q Street in Penrose and how he chased after the driver on foot to ultimately arrest him. After being asked by the DA, Slattery identified Palaza, who was sitting at the defense's table, as the person he arrested that night. Jurors also heard testimony from FPD Detective Jason Dorman, who was in the same car as Slattery when they pursued Palaza. Dorman said that he ducked down after the third shot was fired and when it appeared that bullets, most likely birdshot, were fired at their car. "I felt he was a harm to the public ... (I) felt like this person was going to do anything to get away," Dorman said. Palaza's trial will continue Thursday as testimony from additional law enforcement is expected to be heard. Additionally, a "site visit" is expected, to see the car Palaza was allegedly driving on Dec. 21, 2015. Sarah Matott: 719-276-7648, matotts@canoncitydailyrecord.com Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Fremont County officers recall "shots fired" moments in Devlin Palaza trial Beyond the Call of Duty: Fort Bliss names leadership room after longtime Penrose resident Arthur Sedillo What's Happening? Two-day grant writing workshop offered in Cañon City and more   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Opinion India’s harvesting losses at near Rs 93,000 crore: Why more cold chains, Amazon in food retail augurs well India’s harvesting losses at near Rs 93,000 crore: Why more cold chains, Amazon in food retail augurs well Once large retailers such as Walmart and Tesco set up shop, they would start buying directly from farmers. By: FE Bureau | Published: March 30, 2017 5:36 AM If, however, a WalMart was to come in and assure a certain level of business, cold-chain units would be more ready to come and invest. (Reuters) With harvest- and post-harvest losses, in 2012-13, estimated at nearly R93,000 crore—or 8-10% of production according to a study just done by CIPHET—it is not surprising that, for several decades now, allowing FDI in retail has been touted as the single-biggest solution to agriculture’s problem. Once large retailers such as Walmart and Tesco set up shop, they would start buying directly from farmers. Once they did this, not only would farmers get a higher share of the final price of the fruits and vegetables as compared to the fraction they get today, the high level of losses due to a virtually non-existent cold chain would also fall considerably since the time from farm to fork would reduce sharply; as a corollary, high inflation in the sector would also dampen. While the government has, historically, offered incentives for setting up cold chains, the progress has been slow since, without an assured front-end offtake for fruits and vegetables, few cold-chain suppliers have wanted to invest. If, however, a WalMart was to come in and assure a certain level of business, cold-chain units would be more ready to come and invest. Sadly, opposition from retailers in India ensured the FDI proposal went nowhere and while home-grown organised players did expand their retail footprint, the pace was limited and the proportion in fruits and vegetables was relatively low. While the BJP has traditionally been opposed to FDI in multi-brand retail, the government changed the nature of the debate by saying it was going to push for FDI in food retail since this would directly benefit farmers. Initially, the proposal didn’t look like it was going anywhere, especially since there was no provision for allowing such stores to stock non-food items—even now, while food processing minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal has been pushing for a high share of non-food items in food-retail outlets, there has been no final resolution on it. Also Watch: Despite that, however, with top firms like Amazon planning to invest $500 million over the next few years, it would appear a promising start has been made in terms of organised food retailing. Though it may not be directly related, it is also interesting to note the government has just awarded grants to companies to build 101 cold chains with a total capacity of 2.8 lakh tonnes. With local e-tailers—mostly funded by foreign money though—now looking at increasing their footprint in the fruits and vegetables space, and foreign giants like Amazon firming up their plans to set up brick-and-mortar stores, a significant step has been taken as far as Indian farmers are concerned. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now US Ambassador to UN Nikki Haley says open to ideas on UNSC reform Amit Shah must apologise to Goans, demands Congress Why good home-care health system is needed in rural areas US judge indefinitely extends ruling halting Donald Trump's travel ban Peggy Whitson set to break Sunita Williams' spacewalk record Aurobindo Pharma gets USFDA nod for HIV drug Combating prejudice against Africans: India has a lot to lose Dilip Buildcon bags Rs 3,269 cr road projects in Maharashtra TVF row: 'The Viral Fever's' founder Arunabh Kumar faces case of sexual harassment Heat wave like conditions in several states, Bhira in Maharashtra sizzles at 46.5 degrees Uttar Pradesh slaughterhouse ban woes: Meat shop owners forced to sell tea Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News ट्रेन हादसाः उत्तर प्रदेश के कुलपहाड़ के नजदीक पटरी से उतरे महाकौशल एक्सप्रेस के 8 डिब्बे मेरठ: मेयर का पार्षदों को वंदे मातरम गाने का निर्देश, मुस्लिम सदस्यों ने मना किया तो बीजेपी वाले बोले- हिंदुस्तान में रहना है तो वंदे मातरम कहना होगा 300 से 20 हजार पर पहुंच गया है पूर्व सांसदों का पेंशन, 33 साल में लगातार लाभकारी होता गया है नियम Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter This navigation is new. We'd appreciate your feedback. Share your thoughts here. US world science US politics business sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Guardian sustainable business Values-led business Walmart invests billions to buy from women-owned businesses – but is it enough? Women-owned suppliers make up just 2% of the retailer’s global purchases – but Walmart will join Coca-Cola, Pepsi and others in committing to buy more Greg Foran (center), chief executive officer of Walmart US, takes photos with associates before the annual Walmart shareholders meeting in 2016. The company has announced it has achieved its goal to buy $20bn worth of goods and services from women-owned businesses in the US over five years. Photograph: Jason Ivester/AP Guardian sustainable business Values-led business Walmart invests billions to buy from women-owned businesses – but is it enough? Women-owned suppliers make up just 2% of the retailer’s global purchases – but Walmart will join Coca-Cola, Pepsi and others in committing to buy more Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Amy Westervelt @amywestervelt Wednesday 29 March 2017 19.08 EDT Last modified on Wednesday 29 March 2017 20.08 EDT Walmart announced Wednesday it has achieved its goal to buy $20bn worth of goods and services from women-owned businesses in the US over five years. The company also conceded that it’s failed to reach another goal set around the same time: to double the amount of products and services sourced from women-owned companies outside of the country. Why employers' efforts to support pregnant workers can backfire Read more The mixed success shows the challenges for big companies to narrow the gaping gender gap. While Walmart’s initiative has doubled the amount of money it spends with women-owned suppliers, it’s still only 2% of the retailer’s global purchases. Yet that’s twice the global average retailers spend with women-owned businesses. The retail giant launched the Global Women’s Economic Empowerment Initiative in 2011 to increase the number of its women-owned suppliers. The initiative also provided training and other services to female entrepreneurs. As the world’s largest retailer, Walmart’s decision to take on gender equality or other sustainability work carries a significant weight among its competitors and suppliers. Promoting women-owned business reflects not just the company’s values, its executives said. It’s also good for business, said Kathleen McLaughlin, chief sustainability officer for Walmart and president of the Walmart Foundation, which spearheaded the initiative. “We’ve found that products from women-led companies have better sell-through rates and better margins,” McLaughlin said. She believes women entrepreneurs do well because they tend to get involved in businesses – especially food, apparel and toys – that can make use of their personal experiences. Walmart’s finding corresponds with data compiled by American Express, which shows that the number of women-owned businesses in the US has grown 45% from 2007 to 2016, compared with a 9% increase in businesses owned by men. During that same time period, women-owned businesses saw 35% higher revenue increases than men-owned businesses. The retail giant now buys products and services such as accounting and consulting from more than 1500 women-owned businesses worldwide, McLaughlin said. The company also has given out $134m of grants for training to 1 million women in its global supply chain and outside of it. The initiative taught some good lessons for Walmart. For example, the company underestimated the breadth of the challenges women entrepreneurs face in certain countries, McLaughlin said. It has managed to double the amount of money it spends with women-owned businesses in Mexico, but has otherwise struggled to increase international purchases from women-led companies. “In China, for example, it’s taken us years just to identify the women-led businesses,” McLaughling said, because, she explained, there was no private or government data to help with the research. “In Japan, women haven’t traditionally been encouraged to start businesses, so we had to begin with pitch contests there to inspire women to participate.” The company also has learned that creating a successful work environment for women involves more than just training female executives. “About halfway through the factory program we realized we had to train men, too, to show them that they might need to change how they’re communicating with the women on their staffs,” McLaughlin said. The struggle by large companies to close the gender gap internally or among their partners isn’t surprising, said Barbara Annis, co-author of the forthcoming book, Results at the Top. Initiatives like Walmart’s, although well intended, usually don’t do enough to reduce gender disparity, she said. “Companies tend to say, ‘Let’s create programs for women or networks or training’, and all of that stuff does have an impact on engagement and feeling valued, so in that sense it’s great,” Annis said. “But it has zero correlation to advancement. And that’s where a lot of times these sorts of initiatives end up being window dressing that has very little lasting impact.” McLaughlin said Walmart understands the difficulties of creating a lasting change and seeks to intensify its effort to support women business leaders by asking its large, male-led suppliers to report on the gender makeup of employees on their key, internal teams. “We didn’t set any quotas or requirements, we just asked them to share the information, and just through that we saw the diversity of those teams increase,” she said. Risky business: do companies pay a price for expressing political views? Read more Walmart also announced Wednesday that it will join eight other multinational companies – Coca-Cola, Pepsi, Exxon-Mobil, General Mills, Campbell’s Soup, Procter & Gamble, Johnson & Johnson and Mondoleez – to commit to sourcing more from women-owned companies. These companies plan to report their progress each year to the Women’s Business Enterprise National Council, a nonprofit in Washington DC that validates companies that are owned or operated by women, given that government agencies and the private sector run programs to promote women-owned businesses. The council will use the data to produce an annual report. McLaughlin said she hopes other companies will join the initiative as well. Ariela Balk, founder and CEO of Smart & Sexy, a lingerie company in New York City, mentored women as part of Walmart’s initiative. She noted that the program opened the door, but it wasn’t meant to guarantee success. “No one is asking for any special privileges and advantages,” said Balk, who has been selling her products to Walmart for more than a decade. “Business is tough. The customer votes and the best product wins.” Topics Guardian sustainable business Values-led business Women in the boardroom Walmart Retail industry Gender Entrepreneurs news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Guardian Sustainable Business › Small business back to top US world science US politics business Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments 'Roads are sufficient': Walmart distribution center coming to coastal Alabama, and so are lots of trucks Print Email John Sharp | jsharp@al.com By John Sharp | jsharp@al.com Press-Register Email the author | Follow on Twitter on March 29, 2017 at 5:54 PM, updated March 29, 2017 at 8:31 PM comments Glen Wilkins, director of public affairs at Walmart, speaks during the Walmart announcement ceremony on Wednesday, March 29, 2017, at APM Terminals in Mobile, Ala. (John Sharp/jsharp@al.com).  Interstate 10 in coastal Alabama is expected to grow even busier next spring as a new wave of big trucks rolls onto the roadway. Those 600 or more trucks will be moving back and forth daily between the Port of Mobile and Walmart's super-sized new regional distribution center west of Mobile in the Grand Bay area. It's a lot of heavy-hauling semis for 25 miles of expressway that connect the city's core to heavily populated areas west and south, as local leaders acknowledge. "We are aware of the traffic," said Mobile County Commissioner Jerry Carl. Said Jimmy Lyons, director and CEO of the Alabama State Port Authority: "They are convinced the roads are sufficient. They looked hard at this site and other sites." The big-truck issue was one of the topics that arose following Wednesday's official announcement at APM Terminals that Walmart's $135 million distribution center is expected deliver a jolt to container traffic at the Mobile port. Lyons said the port anticipates a 10 percent increase in container activity, a figure that amounts to 25,000 containers annually. The Port of Mobile already ranks among the most active ports along the Gulf of Mexico. Lyons said that transport of the Walmart-bound containers to the regional distribution center will involve about three trucks each. Already, more than 44,000 vehicles travel along I-10 each day in west Mobile County, although there is no breakdown on how many of those are semi-tractor trailers. The distribution center, when fully operational, will be a logistics hub for the nation's No. 1 retailer, servicing approximately 800 of Walmart's 4,600 U.S. stores. Those 800 stories are scattered over in a sweeping area of the nation's heartland, from Alabama and Mississippi northward to the Great Lakes region. According to a Walmart spokesman, the Mobile distribution center will rank in the top 10 percent of the company's U.S. facilities in size and scope. While most of the truck traffic will be contained within Mobile County, officials do anticipate some increase eastbound into the George Wallace Tunnel. To the east, the fear is that the four-lane tunnel could become even more congested. The I-10 Bayway -- stretching 7-1/2 miles across Mobile Bay connecting Mobile and Baldwin counties - is infamous for spectacular bottlenecks during rush hours and peak travel seasons. A large coalition of local leaders is clamoring for an $850 million bridge project and Bayway widening, but there's no timetable on when that might get done, if ever. Carl said that local public officials "can't sit and wait" on the bridge or other infrastructure dreams to materialize as they pursue economic development deals. The Walmart regional distribution center, alone, is expected to create more than 550 full-time jobs. Carl did say that he is pleased that the Alabama Department of Transportation is planning for a $33.4 million widening of I-10 from Carol Plantation Road west toward McDonald Road, next to the distribution center tract. Pictured from left to right: Jimmy Lyons of the Alabama State Port Authority, Mobile County Commissioner Jerry Carl and Mobile Mayor Sandy Stimpson at the Walmart distribution center announcement event on Wednesday, March 29, 2017, at APM Terminals in Mobile, Ala. (John Sharp/jsharp@al.com).  "The state has been helpful," Carl said. "I cannot imagine them not doing something pretty quick." ALDOT's project, which will expand that portion of I-10 from four-lanes to six, isn't expected to be under construction until 2022. For now, Walmart is pleased with the roads near its future distribution center home. Phillip Keene, spokesman for Walmart, described the Bentonville, Ark.-based corporation's agreement with Mobile and Alabama officials as a "total package" that benefits all sides. A laundry-list of state, local and county incentives helped sway the company to coastal Alabama, including $15.3 million in property and sales tax abatements and up to $6.5 million toward the land purchase and road improvements.  As for traffic concerns with trucks, Keene said: "I think that whatever issues may arise, we'd be able to work together. This process, by everyone's account, has been a positive one. I'd anticipate if we had any sort of issues and we get six to 12 months into construction and we didn't anticipate A or B, we'd come back to this strong partnership with the city, county and state." Among the solutions floated by Lyons is a possible extension of hours at the port. He said the Port Authority plans to keep the terminal open more hours during the day, and on Saturdays. Presently, trucks can access the highly-secured area from 7 a.m. to 5 p.m. on Monday through Fridays only. "The loads will be spread out over more hours," said Lyons. Meanwhile, the surge in truck traffic could be politically favorable for bridge advocates who are pushing federal lawmakers and the Trump administration to green-light the project. Bill Sisson, president/CEO of the Mobile Area Chamber of Commerce, said the distribution center's arrival underscores the importance of having a bridge over the Mobile River immediately south of downtown Mobile. A contingent of Mobile area officials are expected to be in Washington, D.C., next month to meet with representatives in the Federal Highway Administration to continue discussing the project. The project has been listed as a top state priority if the Trump administration presses ahead with a $1 trillion infrastructure program. "Certainly for this community to benefit from the port infrastructure is the connectivity to the I-10 bridge," said Sisson. "We need to be able to move goods and services around, as well as people. That's why the east-west infrastructure is needed." Must-see concerts in Alabama this year ... See the list» Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 March 2017 by Military News General Tire Renews Official Tire Sponsorship of Fishing League Worldwide /EINPresswire.com/ — MINNEAPOLIS,MN–(Marketwired – March 29, 2017) – Fishing League Worldwide (FLW), the world’s largest tournament-fishing organization, announced today a sponsorship renewal with Continental AG to continue to showcase and promote the General Tire brand, the exclusive tire of FLW. 2017 will mark the second season the two organizations have partnered. Financial terms of the agreement were not disclosed. General Tire will receive exposure across all of FLW’s media platforms including FLW Bass Fishing magazine and FLWFishing.com, social media outlets, on-site activation at all FLW tournaments and the Emmy-nominated „FLW” television program, which airs on NBC Sports Network, the Pursuit Channel and the World Fishing Network, as well as internationally to more than 564 million households. In addition, General Tire will be represented in FLW competition by 18-year FLW Tour veteran Mark Rose of West Memphis, Arkansas. Rose, a 10-time Forrest Wood Cup qualifier, has 47 career top-10 finishes, eight career wins and more than $2.2 million dollars in career earnings with FLW. Mark kicked off his new partnership with General Tire with historic back-to-back victories, winning the first two events of the 2017 FLW Tour season on Lake Guntersville in Alabama and Lake Travis in Texas. It was the first time in FLW Tour history that an angler has ever won back-to-back events. FLW will also showcase General Tire at the National Fishing and Boating expos being held at select Walmart stores around the country in conjunction with National Fishing and Boating Week, June 3-11. FLW and its partners will present a two-hour expo at local Walmart stores that will be packed with games, giveaways and fishing tips to help families make the most of their time on the water. A complete list of Walmart stores hosting National Fishing and Boating Week expos will be posted in May. „FLW is excited to announce our continued partnership with General Tire,” said FLW President of Marketing Trish Blake. „Their return for another season exemplifies their commitment to our sport, anglers and fans. General Tire continues to be a valued partner and a great fit with FLW.” „We are very pleased to continue our partnership with FLW,” said Travis Roffler, director of marketing for General Tire. „We started building a great foundation with the avid bass fishing fans last year and look forward to strengthening that this season. We want to be the tire of choice for getting anglers of all levels to the boat ramp worry-free so they can thoroughly enjoy their fishing experience.” For more information about FLW, their tournaments and sponsors, visit FLWFishing.com. For learn more about General Tire visit GeneralTire.com. About FLW FLW is the world’s largest tournament-fishing organization, providing anglers of all skill levels the opportunity to compete for millions in prize money in 2017 across five tournament circuits. Headquartered in Benton, Kentucky, with offices in Minneapolis, FLW conducts more than 274 bass-fishing tournaments annually across the United States and sanctions tournaments in Canada, China, Mexico, South Africa and South Korea. FLW tournament fishing can be seen on the Emmy-nominated „FLW” television show, broadcast to more than 564 million households worldwide, while FLW Bass Fishing magazine delivers cutting-edge tips from top pros. For more information visit FLWFishing.com and follow FLW at Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube and Snapchat. About General Tire For over 100 years General Tire has offered a complete quality line of ultra-high performance, passenger, light truck, off-road and commercial tires to meet all your needs. General Tire is a proud supporter of the Automobile Club of America (ARCA), Best in the Desert Racing Association (BITD), Major League Fishing (MLF), Fishing League Worldwide (FLW), King of the Cage, Lucas Oil – Off Road Racing Series, Late Model Dirt Series, Pro Pulling League, Modified Series, Drag Boat Racing Series and ASCS Sprint Car Dirt Series; Expedition Overland, FreestyleMx.com Tour; Zero One Odyssey, and JeepSpeed. Team GT includes: CJ Hutchins, Jim Beaver, Jeff Proctor, Doug Fortin, Eric Fitch, Jim Riley, Lee Banning Sr., Jerett Brooks, Camburg Racing, Chase Motorsports, Stan Shelton, Skeet Reese, Edwin Evers, John Crews, Britt Myers and Bill McDonald. About Continental AG Continental develops intelligent technologies for transporting people and their goods. As a reliable partner, the international automotive supplier, tire manufacturer, and industrial partner provides sustainable, safe, comfortable, individual, and affordable solutions. In 2016, the corporation generated sales of around EUR40.5 billion with its five divisions, Chassis & Safety, Interior, Powertrain, Tire, and ContiTech. Continental currently employs more than 220,000 people in 56 countries. Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/3/29/11G134460/Images/flw_pic-5163fb409a09bdbab44a2bc7dffb03de.jpg CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, general, major, Racing, Sports, Technology, Uncategorized, veteran, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Metal Additive Manufacturing Market Entering Pivotal Year, Revenues from Metal Powders and AM Systems Topped $950M in 2016 Next PostNext Sixth Annual Tom Tom Founders Festival Returns to the Charlottesville Area April 10-16, 2017 Posted on 29 March 2017 by Military News General Tire Renews Official Tire Sponsorship of Fishing League Worldwide /EINPresswire.com/ — MINNEAPOLIS,MN–(Marketwired – March 29, 2017) – Fishing League Worldwide (FLW), the world’s largest tournament-fishing organization, announced today a sponsorship renewal with Continental AG to continue to showcase and promote the General Tire brand, the exclusive tire of FLW. 2017 will mark the second season the two organizations have partnered. Financial terms of the agreement were not disclosed. General Tire will receive exposure across all of FLW’s media platforms including FLW Bass Fishing magazine and FLWFishing.com, social media outlets, on-site activation at all FLW tournaments and the Emmy-nominated „FLW” television program, which airs on NBC Sports Network, the Pursuit Channel and the World Fishing Network, as well as internationally to more than 564 million households. In addition, General Tire will be represented in FLW competition by 18-year FLW Tour veteran Mark Rose of West Memphis, Arkansas. Rose, a 10-time Forrest Wood Cup qualifier, has 47 career top-10 finishes, eight career wins and more than $2.2 million dollars in career earnings with FLW. Mark kicked off his new partnership with General Tire with historic back-to-back victories, winning the first two events of the 2017 FLW Tour season on Lake Guntersville in Alabama and Lake Travis in Texas. It was the first time in FLW Tour history that an angler has ever won back-to-back events. FLW will also showcase General Tire at the National Fishing and Boating expos being held at select Walmart stores around the country in conjunction with National Fishing and Boating Week, June 3-11. FLW and its partners will present a two-hour expo at local Walmart stores that will be packed with games, giveaways and fishing tips to help families make the most of their time on the water. A complete list of Walmart stores hosting National Fishing and Boating Week expos will be posted in May. „FLW is excited to announce our continued partnership with General Tire,” said FLW President of Marketing Trish Blake. „Their return for another season exemplifies their commitment to our sport, anglers and fans. General Tire continues to be a valued partner and a great fit with FLW.” „We are very pleased to continue our partnership with FLW,” said Travis Roffler, director of marketing for General Tire. „We started building a great foundation with the avid bass fishing fans last year and look forward to strengthening that this season. We want to be the tire of choice for getting anglers of all levels to the boat ramp worry-free so they can thoroughly enjoy their fishing experience.” For more information about FLW, their tournaments and sponsors, visit FLWFishing.com. For learn more about General Tire visit GeneralTire.com. About FLW FLW is the world’s largest tournament-fishing organization, providing anglers of all skill levels the opportunity to compete for millions in prize money in 2017 across five tournament circuits. Headquartered in Benton, Kentucky, with offices in Minneapolis, FLW conducts more than 274 bass-fishing tournaments annually across the United States and sanctions tournaments in Canada, China, Mexico, South Africa and South Korea. FLW tournament fishing can be seen on the Emmy-nominated „FLW” television show, broadcast to more than 564 million households worldwide, while FLW Bass Fishing magazine delivers cutting-edge tips from top pros. For more information visit FLWFishing.com and follow FLW at Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube and Snapchat. About General Tire For over 100 years General Tire has offered a complete quality line of ultra-high performance, passenger, light truck, off-road and commercial tires to meet all your needs. General Tire is a proud supporter of the Automobile Club of America (ARCA), Best in the Desert Racing Association (BITD), Major League Fishing (MLF), Fishing League Worldwide (FLW), King of the Cage, Lucas Oil – Off Road Racing Series, Late Model Dirt Series, Pro Pulling League, Modified Series, Drag Boat Racing Series and ASCS Sprint Car Dirt Series; Expedition Overland, FreestyleMx.com Tour; Zero One Odyssey, and JeepSpeed. Team GT includes: CJ Hutchins, Jim Beaver, Jeff Proctor, Doug Fortin, Eric Fitch, Jim Riley, Lee Banning Sr., Jerett Brooks, Camburg Racing, Chase Motorsports, Stan Shelton, Skeet Reese, Edwin Evers, John Crews, Britt Myers and Bill McDonald. About Continental AG Continental develops intelligent technologies for transporting people and their goods. As a reliable partner, the international automotive supplier, tire manufacturer, and industrial partner provides sustainable, safe, comfortable, individual, and affordable solutions. In 2016, the corporation generated sales of around EUR40.5 billion with its five divisions, Chassis & Safety, Interior, Powertrain, Tire, and ContiTech. Continental currently employs more than 220,000 people in 56 countries. Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/3/29/11G134460/Images/flw_pic-5163fb409a09bdbab44a2bc7dffb03de.jpg CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, general, major, Racing, Sports, Technology, Uncategorized, veteran, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Metal Additive Manufacturing Market Entering Pivotal Year, Revenues from Metal Powders and AM Systems Topped $950M in 2016 Next PostNext Sixth Annual Tom Tom Founders Festival Returns to the Charlottesville Area April 10-16, 2017 Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
LIVE SMARTER Smart Shopping BIG QUESTIONS Lists VIDEOS QUIZZES STORE PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections LIVE SMARTER SMART SHOPPING BIG QUESTIONS LISTS VIDEOS QUIZZES PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections STORE 12 Toys That Got Pulled From Store Shelves Share Jay Serafino filed under: toys image credit: Amazon Like us on Facebook Toys can get pulled from shelves for almost any reason. Some of them can cause physical harm, others border on being offensive, and some just run afoul of the wrong special interest group. When it does happen, though, toy stores and manufacturers have to go into scramble mode; potential lawsuits and lost inventory can spell the end of any company caught up in a massive recall. From Barbie's pregnant friend to some stubborn Flubber, here are 12 toys that got yanked from shelves. 1. PREGNANT MIDGE In 2002, Mattel introduced a new version of one of Barbie's best friends, Midge, who joined the Barbieverse in 1963. This doll was part of the company's "Happy Family" line, which included Midge, her husband, Alan, and their son, Ryan. The new Midge doll was also pregnant with a baby named Nikki, and Mattel gave Midge a pop-off stomach so kids could remove the baby inside. Some parents were not pleased: "It's a bad idea. It promotes teenage pregnancy," one KB Toys customer told CBS News. "What would an 8-year-old or 12-year-old get out of that doll baby?" Wal-Mart's customers complained so much that the megachain pulled the doll from its shelves, along with Midge's entire family. "It was just that customers had a concern about having a pregnant doll," a Wal-Mart spokeswoman said. "What we try to do is listen to what our customers want. In this case, we decided to remove the product from the shelves. I think it was a unique situation." Luckily for Mattel, other stores didn't see the problem with Midge, her family, or her detachable pregnant belly, and allowed the doll to stay put. 2. AQUA DOTS There’s always a danger that a child could choke on any small, bead-like toys they're playing with—but that wasn't the only danger associated with Aqua Dots. The toy allowed children to assemble colored beads together to create shapes or characters, which they would then spray with water to make the beads adhesive and stick together. Each bead was coated with 1,4-butanediol, which, once metabolized, turns into gamma-hydroxy butyrate, more commonly known as the date-rape drug GHB. In 2007, after a string of children who had ingested the beads fell ill, Aqua Dots were yanked from shelves; 4.2 million units were removed in the United States alone. The lawsuits surrounding the Aqua Dots continued for years after the recall. In 2015, the family of a boy who had swallowed the beads when he was 16 months old was awarded $435,000 from the company. In court records, it was stated that the boy had suffered brain damage afterwards as a result of the chemical. Companies like Toys “R” Us put the blame on the Chinese manufacturer JSSY Ltd., which they claim switched chemicals during production without notifying them. 3. WWE'S AL SNOW To understand why this toy was pulled from shelves, you have to understand the state of professional wrestling in 1999. At that time, Al Snow was a WWE superstar whose whole shtick was the mannequin head he carried to the ring every night. He would talk to, argue with, and occasionally wrestle the head, and both Snow and “Head” would have the words “Help Me” emblazoned on their foreheads to really cement the whole lunatic vibe the company was going for. So any Al Snow action figure wouldn't really make sense without a mini version of “Head” to go along with it. But Sabrena Parton, assistant professor of communications at Kennesaw State University, raised some complaints to Wal-Mart over the head. She argued that Snow carrying around this head glorified violence against women. "My sons are 6 and 11. What kind of message would this toy send them about brutalization of women?" Parton said. The company agreed, and Snow’s figure was pulled from shelves. WWE (which was known as WWF at the time) claimed Snow’s character was “loads of fun” and “as silly as it gets.” That logic didn’t fly, and Snow’s toy (and "Head") remained off shelves. 4. BREAKING BAD TOYS Breaking Bad may be one of the most critically acclaimed TV shows of the past decade, but all the praise in the world couldn’t keep the show’s action figures safe from some angry parents. In 2014, a Florida mom launched a petition to have Toys "R" Us remove all Breaking Bad figures from store shelves, saying, “its violent content and celebration of the drug trade make this collection unsuitable to be sold alongside Barbie dolls and Disney characters.” The toy giant agreed and pulled all Breaking Bad figures from shelves, explaining that Walter White and his friends have “taken an indefinite sabbatical.” The toys in question included bags of cash, drugs, and other accessories that were deemed a bit too risqué for the powers-that-be. To his credit, the show’s star, Bryan Cranston, managed to find some humor in the ordeal: "Florida mom petitions against Toys 'R Us over Breaking Bad action figures." I'm so mad, I'm burning my Florida Mom action figure in protest — Bryan Cranston (@BryanCranston) October 20, 2014 5. MY FRIEND CAYLA Interactive toys that sync with smartphones are becoming more and more popular, a fact that is concerning to groups like the Consumer Privacy Project, which came out against the doll My Friend Cayla—a toy that can have conversations through the help of a smartphone app—last year. According to CNN, the app "asks children to provide personal information, like their name and their parents' names, their favorite TV show, their favorite meal, where they go to school, their favorite toy and where they live." The fear is that all this personal information can be stored by the doll and sent back to the company, or is easily accessible to potential hackers. These fears have gotten the doll pulled from shelves in parts of Europe, with Germany going as far as to tell people to destroy the doll if they owned it. 6. NESTLE MAGIC Chocolate and toys are pretty much the only things kids care about, but literally combining the two is probably not a great idea. Nestle found that out firsthand in 1997 when it released the Nestle Magic, a round chocolate shell that was coating a plastic ball with a small Disney figurine inside. The reaction to the product was intensely negative, with Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal saying, "This illegal product literally sugar-coats potential death and injury—wrapping in chocolate small toys that may cause choking or worse." The fear was that a child would unknowingly bite into the candy and either choke on part of the plastic ball inside or accidentally swallow the figurine, believing it was candy. According to The New York Times, the FDA had long banned any candy that had a toy inside, but that didn't stop Nestle from attempting to get their product on the market while awaiting FDA approval. The Magic ball also had its enemies on Capitol Hill, as lobbyists for Mars battled to get it off the market. In the end, lobbyist groups, lawyers, and concerned parents put an end to the Magic ball. It's not all bad news if you crave a toy inside your chocolate egg. After going through a battery of safety tests, the Choco Treasure egg fulfilled all FDA safety standards and hit the market in 2013. Like the Magic, this chocolate egg has a toy inside, but it's designed in such a way as to make it plainly evident to children that they shouldn't just bite right into it. 7. DJANGO UNCHAINED TOYS While you can find Breaking Bad toys at retailers other than Toys "R" Us, the short-lived Django Unchained action figures were not so lucky. After groups like the National Action Network and Project Islamic Hope criticized releasing toys based on a movie revolving around slavery, The Weinstein Co. and manufacturer NECA stopped production on the products at the source. The toys were also pulled from eBay, citing that the figures violated the company's "offensive-material policy," which bans products that "promote or glorify hatred, violence, racial, sexual or religious intolerance, or promote organizations with such views." However, now that the storm surrounding the toys has died down, it looks like they're back on eBay at a pretty extravagant price. 8. CSI FINGERPRINT EXAMINATION KIT Asbestos is usually a concern for people who worked in shipyards and industrial sites in the '50s and '60s, not for young fans of CSI—but somehow, the cancer-causing substance found its way into a CSI Fingerprint Examination Kit from 2007. The Asbestos Disease Awareness Organization found asbestos in certain samples of the fingerprint dust the toy used, which caused the manufacturer, Planet Toys Inc., to ask stores to remove the toy from their shelves. Walgreens pulled the toy chain-wide to conduct its own tests. In a lawsuit filed against CBS, the toy's manufacturer and "several retailers," it was said that the fingerprint dust contained “substantial quantities of tremolite asbestos,” according to The New York Times. Tremolite is one of the most dangerous forms of asbestos and can lead to mesothelioma with enough direct contact. In 2009, the company filed Chapter 7 bankruptcy protection as lawsuits over the toy mounted, and in 2015, Planet Toys, Inc. went out of business, according to Bloomberg. 9. TALKING FREDDY KRUEGER DOLL Freddy Krueger's supposed to be scary, but maybe not this scary. After 50,000 Krueger dolls were sold by Matchbox, the toy was unceremoniously pulled from shelves when parent and religious groups complained that it was too vulgar and violent for kids. The doll's most notorious feature was a string that a kid could pull, allowing the doll to say a few choice Freddy quotes (including an absolutely horrifying "Let's be friends!") and a maniacal laugh that were apparently just a bit too much for children. 10. TONKA'S RIDE-ON DUMP TRUCK In November 2016, Toys "R" Us announced that it would no longer sell the Tonka 12V Ride-On Dump Truck. The reason was simple: One of them burst into flames. The only noted fire happened while a family was bringing the toy home for a Christmas gift. The Tonka truck—which was big enough for two children to ride on—caught fire twice on the ride away and back to the store, taking the owner's vehicle with it. The item was exclusive to Toys "R" Us stores across the country, and the company pulled it from shelves after the fire was reported. "We made a proactive decision to pull the item out of an abundance of caution and an investigation into the incident is currently taking place," a spokeswoman for the toy chain told NBC. 11. CABBAGE PATCH SNACKTIME KIDS There are plenty of things that could go wrong with a doll that has a mechanism that allows it to "eat" plastic food, but somehow Mattel didn't see this one coming. Thus, the horror story that was the Cabbage Patch Snacktime Kids was born. This doll looked like other Cabbage Patch Kids, but it had a motorized jaw that would "chew" on plastic carrots and other food provided in the box. The food would then magically reappear in the doll's backpack. Almost immediately after the toy's release, horror stories began to crop up involving kids being injured by the doll—many of these involving children's fingers or hair getting caught in the doll's mouth. In some cases, the child's hair would be pulled out by the roots. There was a way to turn the doll off in an emergency by taking off its backpack where the batteries were, but it's not clear how many children were reading the instructions beforehand. To add to the terror, the doll didn't have a traditional on/off switch, so once it sensed something in its mouth, it just kept chewing and chewing. According to the Associated Press, there were around 100 reports of Cabbage Patch Doll mayhem by the time Mattel pulled the toy from shelves. The company offered $40 to anyone who returned the doll. At the time of the recall, around 500,000 dolls had been sold. 12. FLUBBER To capitalize on the success of 1961's The Absent-Minded Professor, Hasbro released its own version of the film's Flubber substance for kids to play with. But soon after the toy's release—just in time for Christmas 1962—people began complaining that the green globs of goo were causing rashes on their bodies when they played with it. Some estimates state that 35 percent of the children who owned the toy developed some kind of rash. As the FDA began investigating the substance, Hasbro decided to test its Flubber on inmates, a number of whom developed the same rash. Hasbro ultimately determined that the Flubber caused folliculitis, a painful infection of hair follicles. It's thought that an oil used in conjunction with the polymerized butadiene to create the Flubber was the culprit behind the rash. Hasbro recalled the product after upwards of 1600 complaints were filed. Getting rid of the Flubber was harder than the company anticipated, though: It tried to incinerate the returned batches, but all that did was produce a thick black smoke without destroying the Flubber. Next, Hasbro tried to weigh it down and sink it in the ocean—but it floated back to the top the next day. Finally, Hasbro buried the Flubber in what would become the parking lot to their new Rhode Island warehouse. According to company lore, even then, the Flubber wouldn't die; legend had it that the stuff would occasionally bleed through to the surface of the pavement on hot days. But a local news company failed to find any evidence of any of these disposal methods, either through Coast Guard records, City Hall records, or an environmental analysis of the warehouse. March 29, 2017 - 06:00pm Share Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. POPULAR ON mental_floss The Forgotten Uses of 8 Everyday Objects Scientists Find Non-Gluten Cause of Wheat Sensitivity New Emojis to Include Vampires, Pie, and a Person in a Headscarf POPULAR ON mental_floss What Are The Colored Circles on Food Packages? The Odd Grammar Rule Most English Speakers Know But Are Rarely Taught Why Do Late-Night Talk Shows Start at 11:35 p.m.? POPULAR ON mental_floss Dead Air: The Talk Show Guest Who Died on Dick Cavett's Stage The Brains of Anxious People May Perceive the World Differently There's a Wire Above Manhattan That You've Probably Never Noticed POPULAR ON mental_floss 7 Books That Will (Probably) Never Be Printed Again Name the Bordering Country What Languages Are the Hardest to Learn? POPULAR ON mental_floss Does 'Vaginal Seeding' Work? Doctors Say There's Not Enough Evidence Why Women Couldn’t Wear Pants on the Senate Floor Until 1993 The Bizarre History of Those '90s Mentos Commercials POPULAR ON mental_floss A Hidden Netflix Feature Lets You Request Movies and TV Shows 11 Actors Who Asked for Their Characters to Be Killed Off Can You Figure Out This Math Problem Intended for 7-Year-Olds? NEWSLETTER A super-skimmable daily digest. Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Subscribe To Our Newsletter A super-skimmable Daily Digest filled with fun stories from our editors. About Privacy Authors RSS Terms Contact Customer Service Store ©2016 Mental Floss, Inc. All rights reserved. Mental Floss® is a registered trademark owned by Felix Dennis. mentalfloss.com is a trademark owned by Felix Dennis.
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Girls Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Volleyball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Golf Boys Tennis Boys Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Television Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Jay and Silent Bob shop at a Michigan Walmart live on Facebook Jay and Silent Bob in Dogma (Funniest Scenes) Print Email Edward Pevos | epevos@mlive.com By Edward Pevos | epevos@mlive.com MLive.com Follow on Twitter on March 29, 2017 at 4:26 PM, updated March 29, 2017 at 5:27 PM comments Jay and Silent Bob apparently love Walmart. The 90s cult comedy duo known for movies like "Clerks," "Mallrats," and "Dogma" spent nearly 20 minutes live on Facebook (video below) Wednesday as fans watched them shop at a Detroit area location. "We're in Michigan and we're in Walmart," said Kevin Smith, who is also known as Silent Bob. "We did a show last night in Grand Rapids. It was fantastic, and tonight we're doing a show in Detroit." The two made fans laugh at their show at 20 Monroe Live in Grand Rapids last night and are at The Fillmore in Downtown Detroit tonight. But before that, Smith apparently lost his partner, Jason Mewes, also known as Jay, inside a local Walmart, although they don't say exactly which one. "So we're driving around Michigan and Mewes loves Walmart. I don't know how else to put it. We pass a Walmart, generally we have to stop. We're on a hunt for Mewes here at Walmart." Before Smith found Mewes, he had a confession to make with fans on Facebook. "I'm gonna let you in on a little secret. Walmart changed my life last night. I mock Jay for bringing me all the time, but we went to a Walmart last night, and they sell jean shorts. And, that's all I wear. I don't want to say it too loud, so I'll take it in here and tell you in the book section.... there's not many people here. I bought like two pair. I'm wearing a pair right now. Again, not trying to do a commercial, but who knew, man, they sell my clothes at Walmart." You can watch the rest of their adventures inside a Detroit area Walmart in Kevin Smith's Facebook video. *warning: There is explicit language. MLive also caught up with Mewes at a recent event for this video interview below. Talking with Jason Mewes of "Clerks," "Mallrats," and "Jay and Silent Bob" Countdown to Tigers' opener April 3 27 photos from Opening Day past to get ready for 2017 Moya placed on waivers, signaling possible end of outfield battle Presley gets bad news from skipper: 'Life isn't always fair' Latest round of cuts includes Alex Presley, Blaine Hardy Complete coverage » Michigan's Best What say you? Vote for Michigan's Best sub sandwich The best of the best of Michigan's Best Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Subscribe on YouTube Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Principals purchase Fayetteville firm Garrison Financial Wal-Mart eyes drones in stores, invests in sports marketing and Chilean business unit Fort Smith sales tax numbers outperforming expectations through February Revenue concerns likely first issue for Arkansas Blue Ribbon tax panel Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Senate votes for medical marijuana tax Revenue concerns likely first issue for Arkansas Blue Ribbon tax panel State lawmakers close out budget for 2017 session, concerns about budget shortfall noted Panel says no to bill requiring pricing in bids President Trump signs order to repeal Obama administration’s climate change rules, Arkansas officials cheer Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Principals purchase Fayetteville firm Garrison Financial Wal-Mart eyes drones in stores, invests in sports marketing and Chilean business unit Fort Smith sales tax numbers outperforming expectations through February Rogers-based Ecoark restructures management, seeks to raise $8 million in new capital Video / Podcasts Rep. Crawford surprised by Comey disclosure, ‘all options’ on table with North Korea Rep. Crawford’s concerns on health care reform center on government role, legislative process U.S. Rep. Womack: A ‘lean yes’ on Ryan health care plan, wants changes on House floor Sen. John Boozman: Nothing ‘off the table’ including military options on North Korean aggression U.S. Rep. Hill likes tone of Trump SOTU speech but wants more specifics Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Truck driver turnover rate falls to 71% Truck drivers shed weight in health challenge, fight high obesity rate The Supply Side: Walmart U.S. focusing more on health and wellness Braswell replaces Kirk as director on ATA council Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Rogers-based Ecoark restructures management, seeks to raise $8 million in new capital BusinessLatest NewsNorthwest Arkansas by Talk Business & Politics staff (staff2@talkbusiness.net) 12 hours ago 49 views  Tags: Ecoark 0 SHARES Share Tweet Ecoark Holdings of Rogers announced a corporate restructuring ahead of the company’s efforts to be uplisted on Nasdaq’s Capital Market. CEO and founder Randy May will step back as CEO but remain board chairman. The Ecoark board of directors chose Jay Puchir as its new CEO, and former Wal-Mart Stores Treasurer Charles Rateliff will assume the role of CFO and treasurer, filing a role vacated by Yash Puri in January. May said Puchir is the right person to execute Ecoark’s strategic growth plan and ensure the company delivers maximum shareholder value. Puchir has already held several executive roles at other companies prior to joining Ecoark. He has a diverse resume noting experience in finance and comptroller work in the private and public sectors. In addition to an MBA from Rutgers University, Puchir also is a CPA. “Over the past 12 months, as a post-merger public company, we’ve successfully focused on fundraising and growth through acquisition,” May said. “During his time as director of finance, secretary, and treasurer, Jay has been invaluable in helping Ecoark and our subsidiaries begin to adopt industry best practices. I’m looking forward to continuing to work closely with him as we enter this exciting next phase of the company’s maturation.” Rateliff retired from Wal-Mart in 2005 as a senior vice president, capping off a 25-year career with the retail giant. Rateliff also worked in compliance and risk management at Wal-Mart and has been an independent board member at Ecoark since May 2016. Ecoark also made two other key executive changes in its subsidiary companies Pioneer Products and Zest Labs. Roshan Weerasinghe will take over as CEO of Pioneer Products to focus full time on business development and not corporate operations, which he has been overseeing as COO for the subsidiary. Greg Hames will transition to his new role as vice president of professional services for Zest Labs. Hames held a similar role at Ecoark. “Ecoark has rapidly and successfully transitioned from the development stage to a highly valuable collection of revenue-producing subsidiaries that solve major business challenges. We’re currently focused on improving our fundamentals, increasing sales through growth and acquisitions, and attaining profitability to maximize shareholder value,” Puchir said. “The fact that Charles is coming out of retirement to become CFO demonstrates his confidence in the company and the huge market opportunity in front of us.  I’m looking forward to the opportunity to lead this highly dynamic organization with disruptive technologies through one of the most exciting processes in business.” Ecoark is also expanding its board from seven directors to nine and will begin immediately searching for the two additional members. Earlier this month the company also entered into agreements with two institutional investors to help raise $8 million in a direct stock offering issuing million shares at a $4 per share price point. The funds will be used to fund new product research and development among the company’s diverse portfolio of subsidiary’s all which have a sustainability focus. Shares of Rogers-based Ecoark (OTC-EARK) were trading at $4.59 in the morning session on Wednesday. Shares are trending lower since they peaked at $7.75 on March 13, the day prior to the stock offering release. Comments comments Previous post Ancillary businesses help support housing market boom Next post Panel says no to bill requiring pricing in bids Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Gov. Asa Hutchinson Gov. Hutchinson: Legislative accomplishments and ‘greater milestones’ Vicki Vasser-Jenkins Estate planning and potential pitfalls Eva Madison Laws that apply to liability lawsuits are changing Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, the politics of color, and celebrating creativity Gov. Asa Hutchinson Touting tourism Latest Popular Senate votes for medical marijuana tax 6 hours ago Principals purchase Fayetteville firm Garrison Financial 8 hours ago Wal-Mart eyes drones in stores, invests in sports marketing and Chilean business unit 9 hours ago Fort Smith sales tax numbers outperforming expectations through February 10 hours ago Revenue concerns likely first issue for Arkansas Blue Ribbon tax panel 10 hours ago Fort Smith businessman seeks marijuana cultivation center, working to figure out a new industry 1,857 views Shandong Sun Paper files first permit application with ADEQ, incorporates with new Arkansas name of ‘Sun Bio’ 1,349 views Census estimate shows Northwest Arkansas continues to lead state in pace of population growth 1,256 views Van Buren downtown sees 12% growth in new businesses, more planned 1,143 views Rep. Gray selected to lead Arkansas Democrats 843 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
menu Sections Thursday, March 30, 2017 search Today's Paper insert_drive_file Close   INQUIRER.NET NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION USA & CANADA POP ESPORTS BANDERA CDN PBA MOTIONCARS INQSHOP MY INQUIRER ADVERTISE menu search NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION opinion / Columnists share this Young Blood For men only? By: Alyssa Y. Go - @inquirerdotnet Philippine Daily Inquirer / 02:48 AM March 30, 2017 Every year, I take it upon myself to click open the Forbes list of people who hold the bulk of the world’s wealth. As I was reading the first 10 of this year’s Forbes’ billionaire rankings (https://www.forbes.com/billionaires/list), one word came to my mind: “male.” Dear reader, if you are reading this and also clicked open that link, you would know why. Basically, the 10 richest people in the world are aging men, all mostly residing in the United States. Which brings me to ask: Where are the women? The woman closest to the No. 1 spot is Liliane Bettencourt (No. 14), who owns 33 percent of L’Oréal. Following her are Alice Walton of Wal-Mart (No. 17), Jacqueline Mars, who owns a third of Mars (No. 26), and Maria Franca Fissolo and family of the Ferrero Group (No. 29). Six more women are featured, for a total of 10 women in the entire world who are among its 100 richest. I can’t help but wonder about this miniscule percentage of women in this testosterone-filled global list. Zooming in on my own country, I find that only six women were able to make it to the “Philippines’ 50 Richest” list this year, again by Forbes. The 10 wealthiest people in the country are all men, of different ages, with varying sources of income. ADVERTISEMENT And the companies and holdings that enable women to be part of the planet’s most affluent seem to have all been started by men, as illustrated by the case of the four richest women in the world. Bettencourt’s fortune comes from a company started by her father. Walton is the daughter of Wal-Mart’s male founder. Mars is the granddaughter of the male founder of her company, and Fissolo is the widow of the man who built the Ferrero Group. The list goes on, with the world’s richest women usually inheritors of their wealth as direct descendants or spouses or widows of men who were able to build empires from scratch. This is not to say that the exemplary women who make it to these lists are all narrowly defined as heiresses, rich wives, and lucky daughters. Women like the Philippines’ Betty Ang, who started Monde Nissin Corp., prove that females can and are able to establish their own successful companies. The world has indeed seen an increase in the number of women who are in positions of power. Female CEOs and business heads prove themselves able to propel a failing company to financial success, like Gina Reinhart (No. 69 in the global list), who managed to turn the tide for her father’s bankruptcy-headed company. Women like her manage to thrive, despite the proliferation of ideas that divert attention from their excellence and the dated belief that women should simply stick to being homemakers. Regardless, I find it discomforting that I find no women’s names and photographs when I open world’s-wealthiest lists. It is discouraging to see how men still dominate various fields in this day and age, and how sexist views still serve as blocks almost anywhere women go. With the majority of the richest women on Earth inheriting their money, is the world of the affluent then merely operating under a fake feminist society, which acts as though anyone can make it—and make it big—in the field of making money? Men are traditionally viewed as builders and women as nurturers. Does this dated perspective connect to how the world sees women as able to manage, handle and grow companies, but seldom sees these “nurturers” as able to establish their own empires? Is it because males are generally perceived as more muscular, and therefore built for industry? And that, especially in the Philippines, there is an expectation for women to marry men whose duty it is to be “providers,” so that a woman should just focus on marrying someone who can provide for her financially? Or maybe the situation simply implies that most women collectively prefer not to go into specific fields as founders. Or does this actually display the lack of opportunities for women to go for male-oriented roles in this “man’s world”? Does this relate to the gender bias that men are perceived as natural leaders while women demonstrating leadership capabilities are viewed as bossy? To be sure, there are a lot of successful women who are corporate leaders and who have successfully set up their own businesses, amassing large fortunes as they go along. I just hope that more women feel unrestricted and head for those money-generating industries without settling with the idea that they should just work for established companies, just because starting from scratch as women would be difficult. Sexist notions are harmful ideas that seem to have been etched deep in the human consciousness. Feminism remains an ever-important issue today, but there are still those who assume that women get equal opportunities as men, those who refuse to believe and accept that gender biases exist, and those who brush off remarks of oppression with snide smirks and jokes. I do not deliver these facts to express the opinion that men are of the fairer sex. I am simply entertaining the question and wondering why the world sees John finding gold at the end of the rainbow, and not Jane, who is as capable. The idea that men are more built to be billionaires than women is wholly invalid. It’s time for the world to level the playing field. It’s not the amount of money but the gender disparity that matters here. Universally, people should be able to climb up these lists and be whoever they want to be, without having to worry about limited opportunities brought about by their status, their background, and, most especially, their gender. Alyssa Y. Go, 19, is in her second year at the UP Virata School of Business. TAGS: Alyssa Y. Go, forbes magazine, Inquirer Opinion, wealthiest women, Young Blood For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, contact us. INQUIRER.net Follow @inquirerdotnet TRENDING newsinfo Floirendo’s partner: Spat with Alvarez’s girlfriend tip of iceberg March 29, 2017 sports Fellow Atenean nabbed over leak of Ravena’s lewd photos March 29, 2017 entertainment Boy in trouble: Aljur Abrenica’s contract expires, mother network lets him go March 29, 2017 newsinfo Indonesian man found dead in belly of 7m-long python March 29, 2017 newsinfo Duterte woes self-inflicted — Pangilinan March 30, 2017 Disclaimer: Comments do not represent the views of INQUIRER.net. We reserve the right to exclude comments which are inconsistent with our editorial standards. FULL DISCLAIMER share this The Inquirer Channels News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Business Opinion Global Nation Services Sitemap Mobile RSS Email Us Archive Contact Us Advertise News Letter Job Openings The Inquirer Company About INQUIRER.net About the INQUIRER User Agreement Link Policy Privacy Policy Article Index Partners Hinge Inquirer Bandera Cebu Daily News DZIQ990 AM Motion Cars PBA PesoPay IIDM © Copyright 1997-2016 INQUIRER.net | All Rights Reserved
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: FLW Fishing March 29, 2017 11:23 ET General Tire Renews Official Tire Sponsorship of Fishing League Worldwide MINNEAPOLIS,MN--(Marketwired - March 29, 2017) - Fishing League Worldwide (FLW), the world's largest tournament-fishing organization, announced today a sponsorship renewal with Continental AG to continue to showcase and promote the General Tire brand, the exclusive tire of FLW. 2017 will mark the second season the two organizations have partnered. Financial terms of the agreement were not disclosed. General Tire will receive exposure across all of FLW's media platforms including FLW Bass Fishing magazine and FLWFishing.com, social media outlets, on-site activation at all FLW tournaments and the Emmy-nominated "FLW" television program, which airs on NBC Sports Network, the Pursuit Channel and the World Fishing Network, as well as internationally to more than 564 million households. In addition, General Tire will be represented in FLW competition by 18-year FLW Tour veteran Mark Rose of West Memphis, Arkansas. Rose, a 10-time Forrest Wood Cup qualifier, has 47 career top-10 finishes, eight career wins and more than $2.2 million dollars in career earnings with FLW. Mark kicked off his new partnership with General Tire with historic back-to-back victories, winning the first two events of the 2017 FLW Tour season on Lake Guntersville in Alabama and Lake Travis in Texas. It was the first time in FLW Tour history that an angler has ever won back-to-back events. FLW will also showcase General Tire at the National Fishing and Boating expos being held at select Walmart stores around the country in conjunction with National Fishing and Boating Week, June 3-11. FLW and its partners will present a two-hour expo at local Walmart stores that will be packed with games, giveaways and fishing tips to help families make the most of their time on the water. A complete list of Walmart stores hosting National Fishing and Boating Week expos will be posted in May. "FLW is excited to announce our continued partnership with General Tire," said FLW President of Marketing Trish Blake. "Their return for another season exemplifies their commitment to our sport, anglers and fans. General Tire continues to be a valued partner and a great fit with FLW." "We are very pleased to continue our partnership with FLW," said Travis Roffler, director of marketing for General Tire. "We started building a great foundation with the avid bass fishing fans last year and look forward to strengthening that this season. We want to be the tire of choice for getting anglers of all levels to the boat ramp worry-free so they can thoroughly enjoy their fishing experience." For more information about FLW, their tournaments and sponsors, visit FLWFishing.com. For learn more about General Tire visit GeneralTire.com. About FLW FLW is the world's largest tournament-fishing organization, providing anglers of all skill levels the opportunity to compete for millions in prize money in 2017 across five tournament circuits. Headquartered in Benton, Kentucky, with offices in Minneapolis, FLW conducts more than 274 bass-fishing tournaments annually across the United States and sanctions tournaments in Canada, China, Mexico, South Africa and South Korea. FLW tournament fishing can be seen on the Emmy-nominated "FLW" television show, broadcast to more than 564 million households worldwide, while FLW Bass Fishing magazine delivers cutting-edge tips from top pros. For more information visit FLWFishing.com and follow FLW at Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube and Snapchat. About General Tire For over 100 years General Tire has offered a complete quality line of ultra-high performance, passenger, light truck, off-road and commercial tires to meet all your needs. General Tire is a proud supporter of the Automobile Club of America (ARCA), Best in the Desert Racing Association (BITD), Major League Fishing (MLF), Fishing League Worldwide (FLW), King of the Cage, Lucas Oil - Off Road Racing Series, Late Model Dirt Series, Pro Pulling League, Modified Series, Drag Boat Racing Series and ASCS Sprint Car Dirt Series; Expedition Overland, FreestyleMx.com Tour; Zero One Odyssey, and JeepSpeed. Team GT includes: CJ Hutchins, Jim Beaver, Jeff Proctor, Doug Fortin, Eric Fitch, Jim Riley, Lee Banning Sr., Jerett Brooks, Camburg Racing, Chase Motorsports, Stan Shelton, Skeet Reese, Edwin Evers, John Crews, Britt Myers and Bill McDonald. About Continental AG Continental develops intelligent technologies for transporting people and their goods. As a reliable partner, the international automotive supplier, tire manufacturer, and industrial partner provides sustainable, safe, comfortable, individual, and affordable solutions. In 2016, the corporation generated sales of around EUR40.5 billion with its five divisions, Chassis & Safety, Interior, Powertrain, Tire, and ContiTech. Continental currently employs more than 220,000 people in 56 countries. Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/3/29/11G134460/Images/flw_pic-5163fb409a09bdbab44a2bc7dffb03de.jpg Contact Information MEDIA CONTACT: Joseph Opager Director of Public Relations o: 612.337.1989 c: 218.434.0748 e: joseph.opager@flwfishing.com twitter: @joeopager www.flwfishing.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company FLW Fishing From this industry Professional Services Sports From this sub-industry Advertising, PR and Marketing Competitions and Venues Individuals and Teams See all RSS Newsfeeds   Multimedia Mark Rose of West Memphis, Arkansas will represent General Tire in 2017. View Image   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Tech Apple Science Cars Baselworld 2017 Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES     The NES Classic Edition Giveaway Ends In Less Than 24 Hours Posted: Mar 29 2017, 9:21am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: Mar 29 2017, 9:24am CDT, in News | Technology News     The Nintendo NES Classic Giveaway is in its final day. Enter now before it is too late to win a free Nintendo NES Classic I4U News has been able to purchase a rare Nintendo NES Classic to give it away to our loyal readers in March. The NES Classic Giveaway will end in less than 24 hours. If you have entered the Nintendo NES Classic Giveaway before you can increase your chances when you enter again. Don't Miss: Win a Free Nintendo NES Classic in our Giveaway In case you miss out today in the NES Classic sale at Best Buy's online shop, you can try your luck in our soon ending NES Classic Giveaway. We are also running a Nintendo Switch Giveaway that ends later this week. The NES Classic we are giving away is an EU version, but will work in the United States as well.  The NES only needs a US USB power adapter to work. I4U News is predominately read by Americans, but this NES Giveaway is also open for Europeans. The NES Classic is still in high demand four months after its release. Nintendo is not able to supply enough of these retro consoles. Refer to our constantly updated Nintendo NES Classic shopping guide to find out what the best options are to find any two consoles in stock.  The local delivery service of Amazon, Amazon Prime Now, has the most consistent inventory in the past weeks. Those who do not live in a supported metropolitan area get creative and have their orders shipped to UPS stores. Some UPS locations support the forwarding of Amazon Prime Now deliveries. All methods of getting a NES or a Switch are a hassle. Entering our Giveaways is as easy as clicking a button. Enter now to win a Nintendo NES Classic. We are also giving away a new Nintendo Switch in our two exclusive I4U News Giveaways this month. How to find the Nintendo Switch in Stores Walmart Stores Enter your zip code and select the Walmart store near you on this walmart.com page.  The Walmart SKU number for the Nintendo Switch with grey Joy-Con is 52901821. The Walmart SKU for the Nintendo Switch with neon blue and new red Joy-Con is 52901822. To check if a Walmart store near you has the Switch in stock you can also use this BrickSeek page. To check for the more rare Switch with neon Joy-con visit this link. Alternatively shoppers can use iStockNow to find Walmart stores with Switch in stock.  Target Stores  The Target DPCI for the Nintendo Switch console with neon blue and neon red Joy-Con is 207-29-1001. The DPCI for the Nintendo Switch with grey Joy-Con is 207-29-1000. The search for the Switch at Target on BrickSeek is not returning results yet. Alternatively shoppers can use iStockNow to find Target stores with Switch in stock.  Best Buy Shoppers can use iStockNow to find Best Buy stores with Switch in stock.  GameStop The iStockNow service also works for GameStop store locations. A pro tip for iStockNow is to look for inventory changes of your local stores you track. Only if there is a fresh change, the likelihood that the information is correct is high. How to Find a Nintendo Switch in stock online To track online inventory and get alerts, shoppers can use zoolert and NowInStock. Both inventory tracker have already setup the Nintendo Switch trackers. We also recommend to use the Chrome browser extension Page Monitor Pro to monitor Nintendo Switch product pages in the hours ahead of the release. Amazon has been offering the hard to find Nintendo Switch through its local delivery service Amazon Prime Now. We see the Nintendo Switch in stock for select cities on Amazon Prime Now almost each day over the past weeks. The inventory is sold out extremely fast each time. The Lucky customers can receive the Switch with 2 hour free delivery once the Amazon Prime Now. Below is the list of shops that offer the Nintendo Switch online in case they have inventory. Amazon  Best Buy  GameStop   Target  ToysRUs Nintendo lists six official stores that sell the Nintendo Switch including Amazon, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, ToysRUs and Target. Other stores have also listed the Switch including NewEgg, Fry's, BHPPhotoVideo and Nintendo's own store. We have a brand-new Nintendo Switch in the office that we are giving away. Enter the I4U News Nintendo Switch Giveaway now to get a chance to win a free Nintendo Switch. The new Nintendo Switch launched on March 3 and as expected, it sold out on launch day. Nintendo's comments that there would be enough Switch consoles in March to satisfy demand turned out to be untrue. Nintendo now plans to double the production of the Nintendo Switch. The company plans to make 16 million Switch consoles starting April 1 until March 2018. The original plan was to produce 8 million Switch consoles. The colorful Switch is slightly harder to find than the console with gray controllers. The premium resellers charge is with 50 to 65% still much lower than it is the case for the Nintendo NES Classic. Nintendo is expected to ship 2 million Switch consoles in March for the global market. The number is too low and finding Nintendo Switch in stock after the initial launch batch sells out is very difficult. The Switch gave Nintendo their biggest console launch ever. The first 2-days of sales beat the Wii and all other Nintendo consoles. The $59.99 NES Classic continues to be also in extreme short supply and Nintendo is unable to ship a significant resupply to resellers in weeks. Nintendo sold through 1.5 million NES Classic consoles and the demand is by far not satisfied. It might take Nintendo until Fall to make enough Switch consoles to satisfy demand. The Switch will be one of the most popular Holiday gifts for the Holiday shopping season 2017.  For video game fans who have not pre-ordered a Switch yet, there are still chances on launch day. There have been midnight launches for the Nintendo Switch at several retailers. The online availability of the Switch is expected to be very limited on launch day. The Nintendo Switch is a completely new video game concept. It's a mobile console first with removable small controllers. The mobile unit with display rest in a Nintendo Switch console connected to your TV. The mobile unit slides inside the Switch docking station, where it also gets charged. The small controllers that are detachable from the mobile unit also slide onto a home controller. A new Zelda game will be amongst the launch titles for the new Nintendo Switch, formerly known as Nintendo NX. The Nintendo Switch games sell for $59.99 like the games for the PS4 and Xbox One. The announced Nintendo Switch game line-up includes Mario Kart 8 Deluxe and The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. Nintendo killed region locking on the Nintendo Switch. Any game sold in any region will be playable on the Nintendo Switch. The system will include the main console, Joy-Con (L) and Joy-Con (R) controllers, a Joy-Con grip (to which two Joy-Con are attached and used as one controller), a set of Joy-Con wrist straps, a Nintendo Switch dock (which holds the main console and connects it to a TV), an HDMI cable and an AC adapter. Two stylish versions of the system will be released: a version with a set of gray Joy-Con, and a version with one neon blue and one neon red Joy-Con. Both versions will be the same price. Win a new Nintendo Switch and a Nintendo NES Classic in two exclusive I4U News Giveaways. This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Nintendo Reveals Why the Switch is in Short Supply, More Coming in Next Days 1 hour ago Nintendo Switch and NES Classic in Stock online at Best Buy: How to Score against Bots 13 hours ago, 12:09pm CDT Nintendo Switch and NES Classic Best Buy Sale: Switch Gray Joy-Con, two Switch Bundles and the NES 13 hours ago, 12:07pm CDT Windows 10 Creators Update: Big Changes in a Small Package 13 hours ago, 11:51am CDT Windows 10 Creators Update Release is on April 11 13 hours ago, 11:39am CDT Android Users to Spend more Money on Apps than Apple Users 1 minute ago Astronaut Peggy Whitson set to break Sunita Williams' Spacewalk Record 16 minutes ago Video Game Hall of Game Announces New Class 7 hours ago, 6:06pm CDT 2017 New Sportcars 8 hours ago, 5:05pm CDT Skoda Vision E Concept Teases 300bhp Electric SUV for 2020 8 hours ago, 5:03pm CDT New Porsche 911 Spied Testing in Nürburgring 9 hours ago, 4:32pm CDT Best Sportcars of 2017 9 hours ago, 4:29pm CDT Musk Confirms Tesla Model 3 Won’t Have a Standard Speedometer 9 hours ago, 4:28pm CDT Electra Meccanica Reveals New All-Electric Tofino Sports Car 9 hours ago, 4:25pm CDT Watch Indonesian Man Swallowed Whole by Python 9 hours ago, 4:13pm CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted Featured News Nintendo Switch Stock Updates for Wednesday: Best Buy Online, Meijer Stores and Nintendo Store 2017 iMac: Rumors, Features, Release, Price and Everything You Need to Know   Apple Rumors 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 7S, Apple Watch 3, 2017, AR and More NES Classic Edition Stock Updates for Wednesday Technology News Nintendo Reveals Why the Switch is in Short Supply, More Coming in Next Days 1 hour ago Nintendo Switch and NES Classic in Stock online at Best Buy: How to Score against Bots 13 hours ago, 12:09pm CDT Nintendo Switch and NES Classic Best Buy Sale: Switch Gray Joy-Con, two Switch Bundles and the NES 13 hours ago, 12:07pm CDT Windows 10 Creators Update: Big Changes in a Small Package 13 hours ago, 11:51am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News Android Users to Spend more Money on Apps than Apple Users 1 minute ago Astronaut Peggy Whitson set to break Sunita Williams' Spacewalk Record 16 minutes ago Nintendo Reveals Why the Switch is in Short Supply, More Coming in Next Days 1 hour ago Video Game Hall of Game Announces New Class 7 hours ago, 6:06pm CDT More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Giveaway Nintendo NES Classic Giveaway Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
MUST SEE: Wisconsin Walmart hires unique 'greeter' helps associa - WAOW - Newsline 9, Wausau News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Decorah Eagle Cam Lifestyle Obituaries NewsTeam WAOW Jobs Advertise With Us Contact WAOW Advertiser Services NEWS Northwoods WAKE UP Central Wisconsin News State EXPANDED COVERAGE: Marathon County Shooting Rampage Politics Crimestoppers Crime Files Water Cooler International WEATHER Interactive Futurecast StormTrack9 Weather App School closings, delays & cancellations Weather Blog SPORTS Brewers OUTDOORS On Wisconsin! Newsline 9 Sports Power 9 Scoreboard Pack Attack Packers Sports Express Sports Express AM WIAA THINGS TO DO Community Calendar Share photos & videos Gas Buddy Jefferson Awards VIDEO WAOW.com LIVE ABC Video Player WHAT'S ON ABC Video Player Discover Wisconsin CW MUST SEE: Wisconsin Walmart hires unique 'greeter' helps associate thrive Posted: Wednesday, March 29, 2017 10:25 AM EDT WKOW-TV MADISON, Wis. (WKOW) - When it comes to recruiting top talent, Madison's west-side Walmart is making headlines by debuting the perfect hire: man's best friend. "Let's go!" Michelle Durst excitedly tells nine-year-old Felipe as two walk through Walmart's automatic doors. The Bichon Frise is a trained emotional-support service animal.  His first job at the duo's self check-out register area, checking in on Durst.  "It's almost as if he's Walmart's little angel," Durst said as the two gingerly go around the machines, assisting confused customers.  "He's really saved me," Durst explained.  For years, high-anxiety left her unable to function.  It's so extreme it has caused her seizures.  Felipe feels her energy and knows how to calm her down. "I have not had a panic attack for many, many months  now, and it's all because of Felipe," Durst said. Five months ago, Walmart found a work-around to keep Michelle safe and add some serenity to the a fast-paced place. "I have noticed that when he is around, you can feel the stress level the room disappear," Durst said.  Despite working at the busiest spot in the store, the duo are self-check out celebrities and their energy bring a calming presence to shoppers. Many of whom, can't go by without stopping for a quick cuddle.  Durst says the majority of her customers like Felipe and are allowed to say hello. "He likes well-behaved children," Drust chuckles.  She says the ones who pull Felipe are her biggest challenge in the check out lane. Walmart says they were more than happy to allow Durst to bring her service animal to work.  They say they love the arrangement and wouldn't have it any other way. The company even gives Felipe "potty breaks," and he even has his own "pee pee tree" in the parking lot.  Durst says her special relationship isn't the only one in town, she says the Monona Walmart also has a few associates who keep their service animals close by. Most Watched VideosMost Watched VideosMore>> Departments from across state, country attend Det. Weiland's funeral Departments from across state, country attend Det. Weiland's funeral Friends, family say goodbye to Dianne Look Friends, family say goodbye to Dianne Look UPDATE: Mourners say goodbye to slain Everest Metro officer UPDATE: Mourners say goodbye to slain Everest Metro officer WESTON (WAOW) - Thousands of mourners said goodbye Wednesday as Everest Metro Police Detective Jason Weiland's flag-draped casket sat at the front of a high school gym, flanked by more than dozen flower tributes. More >> WESTON (WAOW) - Thousands of mourners said goodbye Wednesday as Everest Metro Police Detective Jason Weiland's flag-draped casket sat at the front of a high school gym, flanked by more than dozen flower tributes.More >> Community lines streets for Weiland procession Community lines streets for Weiland procession Instead of words, their support was shown in salutes, signs and hands placed over hearts. More >> Instead of words, their support was shown in salutes, signs and hands placed over hearts.More >> Wausau man killed in Waushara County rollover Wausau man killed in Waushara County rollover A Wausau man died when the car he was driving left Interstate 39 and rolled over, the Waushara County Sheriff's Department said Wednesday. More >> A Wausau man died when the car he was driving left Interstate 39 and rolled over, the Waushara County Sheriff's Department said Wednesday.More >> Hundreds honor fallen Everest Metro Police detective Hundreds honor fallen Everest Metro Police detective WESTON (WAOW) - Hundreds of people paid their final respects to a fallen Everest Metro Police detective Tuesday evening. More >> WESTON (WAOW) - Hundreds of people paid their final respects to a fallen Everest Metro Police detective Tuesday evening.More >> FINAL GOODBYE: Central Wisconsin honors fallen detective FINAL GOODBYE: Central Wisconsin honors fallen detective Woman hailed hero for quick action in shooting spree Woman hailed hero for quick action in shooting spree ROTHSCHILD (WAOW) - A Subway employee in Rothschild is being hailed a hero after her quick action during a shooting rampage late March. More >> ROTHSCHILD (WAOW) - A Subway employee in Rothschild is being hailed a hero after her quick action during a shooting rampage late March.More >> Detective Weiland's procession makes its way down Grand Avenue in Wausau Detective Weiland's procession makes its way down Grand Avenue in Wausau At least 12 dead in Texas church bus crash, police say At least 12 dead in Texas church bus crash, police say    Can't Find Something? WAOW 1908 Grand Avenue, Wausau, WI 54403 News Tips: news@waow.com or 715-842-9293 Careers Advertise with us Advertiser Services FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Contact All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WAOW Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy,, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
News and Press Release Distribution, Since 1995 Deliver Your News to the World Sign In Create a Free Account Home News How We Work Compare Services FAQ All WebPost WebPost PPC WebRelease Targeted Media Wire Service Top WBENC Consumer Companies Join Together for the First Time in Collective Initiative to Source from Women-Owned Businesses BENTONVILLE, ARK. – WEBWIRE – Wednesday, March 29, 2017 Walmart announced today that they are one of nine corporations joining in a collaborative effort to track and report sourcing from self-identified and certified women-owned businesses (WOBs) over the next five years. This marks the first time the Womens Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC), the largest third-party certifier of businesses owned, controlled and operated by women in the U.S., will launch a formal initiative to publicly report aggregated spending on WOBs. Walmart helped form this unified front of major corporations, including Campbell Soup Company, The Coca-Cola Company, ExxonMobil, General Mills, Johnson & Johnson, Mondelēz International, PepsiCo and Procter & Gamble, in order to create a more visible movement and raise awareness for the importance of sourcing from women-owned businesses. Walmart made the announcement on behalf of the other companies involved and WBENC at Walmarts Womens Economic Empowerment (WEE) Summit in Washington, D.C., a convening of leaders from business, government, NGOs and academia to discuss and celebrate the achievements of womens empowerment. Creating economic opportunity and growth is central to who we are as a company, said Doug McMillon, president and CEO of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. We are proud to be part of this important initiative, and together we can make an even bigger impact in elevating these successful women-owned businesses. Our customers care where products are sourced, and we believe supporting women-owned businesses helps us put innovative products on our shelves while helping these businesses thrive and grow. Campbell is proud to join this collaborative effort in order to raise awareness and foster more opportunities for female business owners, said Denise Morrison, president and CEO, Campbell Soup Company. One of the core values of our company is to seek the power of different and we are committed to assemble a supplier base that reflects the diversity of the consumers and communities we serve. Empowering women entrepreneurs and women-owned firms is smart business and smart economics, said Muhtar Kent, chairman and CEO of The Coca-Cola Company. Whenever you do the right thing and give businesswomen a real opportunity to compete, this creates a positive ripple effect that allows her to strengthen her company, her family and her community. And stronger families and communities help fuel more growth and opportunity. Women and minority-owned businesses are critical to both their communities and our company as they spur economic development and drive growth, said Irene Rosenfeld, Chairman and CEO of Mondelēz International. We are proud to support this important initiative, as we continue to strive for inclusion and diversity in our company and womens empowerment around the world. Supporting women-owned businesses and diversity across our suppliers is central to who we are at PepsiCo, said Indra K. Nooyi, Chairman and CEO of PepsiCo. Our commitment to diversity is not only a source of pride, it is a source of strength. And its part of our broader commitment to what we call Performance with Purpose, our approach to building a healthier, sustainable future for all our stakeholders  from our suppliers to our shareholders to our consumers, customers, employees, and the communities we serve. P&G is committed to Gender Equality, said Carolyn Tastad, group president of P&Gs North America business. Supplier Diversity has been an important business strategy at P&G in the United States for more than 40 years. We are proud to join this initiative to empower women-owned businesses, as we believe in the power of economic inclusion. When the ownership of our supply base reflects the diversity of our employees, consumers, and stakeholders, our business grows and our community thrives. By participating in this initiative, these companies will help fuel innovation and growth for women-owned businesses across the U.S., said Pamela Prince-Eason, president and CEO of WBENC. With women-owned businesses currently supporting the creation or maintenance of 23 million American jobs, investing in their growth means investing in more opportunities for the workforce overall. The initiative comes at a critical time when women entrepreneurs across a range of countries report having smaller and less diverse networks, leaving them at a disadvantage for growth, innovation and ability to be relevant to a global market (Global Entrepreneurship Monitor). Walmart helped to recruit this initial group of corporations to take part in this initiative and is encouraging others to join as well. This announcement comes on the heels of the culmination of Walmarts five-year Global WEE Initiative, which included a set of goals to help empower women around the world through sourcing, training and supporting diversity and inclusion. As part of the WEE Initiative, Walmart sourced $20 billion from women-owned businesses in the U.S. and increased sourcing from women-owned businesses internationally. Additionally, in 2014, working with WBENC and WEConnect International, a global network that connects women-owned businesses to qualified buyers around the world, Walmart helped fund the creation of the Women-Owned logo which can be used by any woman-owned supplier certified by those organizations at any retailer to highlight their products to consumers. Today, Walmart has more than 1,500 suppliers who identify as women-owned businesses, producing everything from apparel to produce. In addition to participating in this collective initiative, Walmart announced plans to launch a Knowledge Center that will house the key tools, resources, learnings and achievements of the WEE Initiative and help serve as a guide for any company or institution in their work to empower women. For additional details on Walmarts Global WEE Initiative, visit http://corporate.walmart.com/womensempowerment. ### About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better - anytime and anywhere - in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. ( Press Release Image: http://photos.webwire.com/prmedia/2/208535/208535-1.png ) Related Links Source WebWireID208535 This news content was configured by WebWire editorial staff. Linking is permitted. News Release Distribution and Press Release Distribution Services Provided by WebWire. Tools Printer-friendly version Email this Release Email Form Your Name Your Email Your Recipient's Name Your Recipient's Email Comments Verification Code: Please type in this box the code you see above: Send Bookmark this Release Show all del.icio.us Yahoo! Google Live Ask BlinkList Diigo Slashdot Technorati Simpy Netvouz Mister Wong Share this Release Show All Reddit LinkedIn StumbleUpon Twitter Digg My Space Mixx Squidoo Newsvine Fark Blue Dot WebWire Related Industries Big Box Retail / Supermarkets Business Announcements Lifestyle / Society Retail Distribute Your News Every day, hundreds of individuals and companies choose WebWire to distribute their news. WebWire places your news within numerous highly trafficked news search engines generating leads and publicity. Submit Your Release Now! WebWire® 1995 - 2017 About Us Terms of Service Privacy Statement
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Counties Sports Business Things to Do Dining Music Life Opinion Obituaries Archives Insider E-Edition USA TODAY Media Policing the USA Games Classifieds Jobs Local Public Notices USA TODAY NETWORK TPA Public Notices Homes Moonlighting More Home News Counties Sports Business Things to Do Dining Music Life Opinion Obituaries Archives Insider E-Edition USA TODAY Media Policing the USA Games Classifieds Jobs Local Public Notices USA TODAY NETWORK TPA Public Notices Homes Moonlighting Follow Search User Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 18 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Ms. Cheap: 40 ways to save money at the grocery store Tools like Walmart's Savings Catcher, Ibotta, Checkout 51 and MobiSave can help you save big. Post to Facebook Ms. Cheap: 40 ways to save money at the grocery store Tools like Walmart's Savings Catcher, Ibotta, Checkout 51 and MobiSave can help you save big.  Check out this story on Tennessean.com: http://tnne.ws/2nzRCdw {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Ms. Cheap: 40 ways to save money at the grocery store Mary Hance , USA Today Network — Tennessee Published 8:02 a.m. CT March 29, 2017 | Updated 17 hours ago CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Not all coupons are created equal. Savings expert Matt Granite shows you where to find the deals you can trust. USA TODAY Buy Photo Lots of shoppers are looking to beef up their strategies to save as much as they can at the grocery. Monday, March 20, 2017 in Nashville, Tenn. (Photo: George Walker IV / The Tennessean)Buy Photo 18 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Now that Kroger has ended its senior discount and its double coupon program, lots of shoppers are looking to beef up their strategies to save as much as they can at the grocery. I know that I am. So I was happy to see that my impromptu "Ms. Cheap Grocery Savings Contest" turned up almost 100 reader ideas to help shoppers shrink their grocery bills. Some of these ideas save some time too, which is definitely a bonus. Here is a sample of the best ideas, including tips from my six contest winners, who each received a $20 gift card for their savvy savings tips. Lori Worley, Old Hickory: Cross shopping and stockpiling frequently used items at the lowest prices works well for Worley, who goes through her weekly ads and checks Facebook to makes a list of each store's best deals. She then matches the deals with her paper and digital coupons. "First stop is Aldi for cheap produce, dairy, and canned goods, and then on to either Kroger or Publix (both if I have time) to fill in the rest of what I need." She says the Kroger fuel points and Free Friday download are "good incentives to shop there." Heather Olson, Franklin: As a mother of three who loves to cook but "despises grocery shopping,"  Kroger's ClickList shopping service is her best strategy to "save money, time, and cart rage (like road rage but in the grocery aisle lol). I search online for new recipes and shop every two weeks on average. Using Clicklist, I can type in each item or ingredient I need and add it to my online cart, saving me time searching the store for each," she says. Plus her bill is not inflated by purchasing "excess" that she and her children might be tempted to buy in the store. "I love shopping at the click of a mouse and love it even more if we can use the money saved to do something fun as a family." ClickList is available at select Kroger stores, and is free for the first three shopping trips, and then a $4.95 fee per order is added. Mandy Quarles, Murfreesboro: "Instead of making your grocery list based on the meals you plan for the week, plan your meals based on the sales in the weekly ad. Planning a dinner with tilapia but chicken breast is on sale instead? Hold off on your fish dish until next week and it will probably be on sale then. For now, buy the chicken breast.  You could even buy some extra chicken to toss in the freezer. Winner, winner, chicken dinner!" Denise Skaggs, Goodlettsville: She saves big with Walmart's Savings Catcher. "You enter your receipt onto their website and they will compare what you bought to what is being offered in the ads of other local grocery stores.  If a lower price is found then they will credit your account with the difference." "The reward dollars can be transferred to a Walmart gift card," says Skaggs who has received $264.68, since she enrolled in the program in 2014. "This program is also saving me on time and gas money, because I don't need to drive all over town to the grocery stores chasing sales." Barbara King, Hermitage: She likes the Shipt shopping and delivery program at Publix. Even with a $99 annual fee, "I figure I save that and much more.  I make out my list on my phone, a Shipt shopper will shop for those items, bring them to my home, and bring them into my kitchen. I give them a $5 tip. "Not only do she and her husband avoid impulse buys, but "I don't have to get dressed, drive to and from the store, spend two hours shopping, and hauling groceries up the steps into our two-story house." Karen Thornbury, Rockvale: She is all about apps, including Ibotta, Checkout 51 and MobiSave. With different rules, she says,  "it takes a little getting use to." After downloading the app, setting up an account, "you unlock the rebates you want, which are the items you are going to purchase at the grocery store. You then upload your receipt and those specified rebate amounts are posted to your account." Once you have earned $20, your savings can igo in your PayPal account and or be used for gift cards at stores like Wal-Mart, Target, Best Buy, Amazon, Starbucks.  "I let mine accumulate until Thanksgiving and redeemed them for gift cards to use for Christmas shopping." She earned $255 last year and has already earned $62 Other great grocery saving tips: Jim Hawkins,Gallatin: Takes advantage of Kroger's incorrect pricing policy. "If it rings up wrong, it’s free!" Michelle Totty, Nashville: Makes a beeline for the clearance sections of every grocery store. She also trolls the aisles after each holiday to pick up post-holiday markdowns, finding dealslike frozen Butterball turkeys originally sold for $1.19 per pound that she got for 59 cents per pound. She also got three Cumberland Gap spiral sliced hams for 69 cents per pound. "I have my husband's birthday and Easter covered for a special meal." Vickie Henry, Hendersonville: Uses the Flipp appfor comparisons and price matching. "You enter the item that you are shopping for and see what retailer has it for the cheapest price.  I then snap a pic of the item and keep it on my phone till I go shopping that weekend." She shows her phone  "pics" at Walmart checkout and the price is matched.She also finds "hidden deals" on websites --  Iheartthemart.com; Iheartkroger.com; Iheartpublix.com; Iheartcvs.com Debra Bleyle: She is a fan of Dollar General's bounce back coupon deal where many times a coupon for $5 dollars off a $25 purchase for the following Saturday will pop up. Jennifer Clemens, Hermitage: She and her husband spend about $70 most weeks for three meals a day, seven days a week. She highly recommends the Tennessean's extreme coupon workshop that turned her on to tennessean.com/coupons to show the weekly sales at Publix, Walmart, Kroger, CVS, Walgreens and Rite-Aid, and tells you if there is a manufacturer's coupon. She says that in the first two months of this year, she saved  $271.09 through senior discounts, sale items and markdowns, and $119.74 through coupons. Del Tinsley, Nashville: Has backups in her pantry on staples likecereal. tissues or mayonnaise. She then puts it on her list and "waits for the grocery store to have it on sale." Mary Elizabeth Outlaw, Clarksville: Takes advantage of the occasional 4X Fuel points at Kroger and is always on the lookout for products like meat and butter that she can buy in bulk and divide into portions for freezing, "When whole cuts of rib-eye steaks go on sale, the grocer will slice them for free.  ...wrap them in family-size portions (about 4 to a pack)." She also reminds us to "keep an eye on the expiration dates on all your coupons." and to look for the random register-generated coupons at Kroger that save on your next shopping trip. Richard Baines, Murfreesboro: "As a  senior citizen, a widower on a fixed income, and an avid couponer who lives within 10 minutes of a Walmart, a Kroger and a Publix store, smart shopping starts with knowing pretty much what the best everyday price is on the things that I use regularly, and setting a 'buy" price triggered when an item can be purchased at or below) that price." Stacy Harris, Nashville: Uses Kroger-issued manufacturers coupons at Publix when she can get a better price there. Ken Lass, Nashville: "Eat before going so hunger doesn't create impulse buying." He consults a food substitution book when he doesn't have a particular ingredient or if the recipe calls for a super expensive ingredient. Rebecca Beasley: If a product does not meet your expectations, call the toll free number on the product to voice your dissatisfaction. "Stand up for what is right. If you are not satisfied, and there is a problem, let them know. Otherwise, they won't know." Thanks everybody. Stay cheap! Reach Ms. Cheap at 615-259-8282 or mscheap@tennessean.com. Follow her on Facebook at facebook.com/mscheap, and at Tennessean.com/mscheap, and on Twitter @Ms_Cheap, and catch her every Thursday at 11 a.m. on WTVF-Channel 5’s “Talk of the Town.” Top 13 tips for saving at grocery: Use paper and digital coupons to the max. Familiarize yourself with the grocery savings apps.   Look for clearance merchandise, and marked-down meats and produce. Know your prices and pay attention to per-ounce pricing. Bigger is not always better. Stock up on staples at the lowest price. Make a list based on the grocery sale flyers.  Check your receipt before you leave the store. Know the various stores' loyalty and savings programs Go for store brands (when cheaper).  Piggyback deals by combining strategies; for example use a coupon on a buy-one-get-one-free offer. Avoid impulse purchases. When purchasing perishable items, choose the ones with the latest expiration dates. If something is wrong with a product or a service, tell a manager.  11 things Savvy Shoppers should know about: Almost all stores have digital coupons. So sign up and download.  Free Friday download at Kroger: Every Friday, anyone with a kroger.com account can download a digital coupon for a FREE item!  Cash rebate apps like Ibotta, Checkout 51 and Mobisave allow you to earn cash on items you purchase. For example, every Thursday morning, Checkout 51 updates with a new list of offers. You pick the ones you like, purchase them at any store, and upload a photo of your receipt through their app or website. When your account reaches $20, they send you a check. Savings Catcher rewards program at Walmart: If a local competitor offers a lower advertised price on an eligible item you purchased at Walmart, Savings Catcher allows you to get back the difference on a Walmart Rewards eGift Card or a Bluebird by American Express Card to use instore or online at Walmart.com. Kroger's Clicklist shopping service: Available at select Kroger stores, and is free for the first three shopping trips, and then a $4.95 fee per order is added. You order groceries on line and then drive up to pick them up. Aldi:has the reputation for offering super cheap prices particularly on produce, bread and canned goods.  Tennessean.com/couponshelps you match up coupons with the current store deals.   Shipt: The app allows users to order groceries and choose a delivery window. After you join, Shipt shoppers pick out the selected items at local Publix stores, deliver them to the customer. Payment is through the app. 4X Fuel Points at Kroger: After downloading a Kroger fuel coupon at kroger.com/fuel, at certain times you can buy gift cards at Kroger and earn four time fuel points to save big on gas.   A buy-one-get-one-free offer means you can get a single item item for half price. Dollar General often offers a $5 coupon on its receipts that is good on a $25 pretax purchasethe next Saturday.    18 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://tnne.ws/2nzRCdw
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Legal Notices Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Field Hockey Gymnastics Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Arts Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Man, posing as doctor, tried to scam drugs from pharmacy, cops say Print Email Justin Zaremba | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By Justin Zaremba | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com The Star-Ledger Email the author on March 29, 2017 at 9:19 AM, updated March 29, 2017 at 10:21 AM comments FRANKLIN -- A New York man was arrested Tuesday after police say he attempted to obtain prescription drugs by calling a Walmart pharmacy and posing as a physician. Carmine J. Fenison, 20, of Brooklyn, N.Y., faces charges of unlicensed practice of medicine and criminal attempt for attempting to obtain a controlled dangerous substance by fraud, Borough Detective Nevin Mattessich said in a news release. He was also charged with possession of marijuana and codeine. Mattessich said Franklin police responded to the Walmart on March 28 after employees with the Walmart pharmacy found certain protocols were not followed by an alleged doctor who had contacted them over the phone to request a prescription for a patient.  Fenison, he said, posed as a doctor and requested prescription drugs be prescribed to an unknown male.  Detectives observed Fenison leave the Walmart in a livery vehicle from New York after he unsuccessfully tried to obtain narcotics from the pharmacy.  He was later stopped on Route 517 by Sparta police at the request of Franklin police and arrested without incident. Fenison, Mattessich said, was found to be possession of marijuana and codeine, for which he did not have a valid prescription.  He was lodged in the Keogh-Dwyer Correctional Facility pending a hearing in Sussex County Superior Court. The investigation remains ongoing, Mattessich said. Any local pharmacies are encouraged to contact their local law enforcement agency if they notice any suspicious activity regarding prescriptions, he said. Justin Zaremba may be reached at jzaremba@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @JustinZarembaNJ. Find NJ.com on Facebook.   Most Read N.J. News In Your Inbox From local news to politics to entertainment and sports, the twice daily Right Now eNewsletter has all of the New Jersey news you need! Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Daily Journal DJournal Chickasaw Journal Monroe County Journal New Albany Gazette Pontotoc Progress Southern Sentinel Southern Advocate Itawamba Times News Sports Business Living Opinion Weather Obituaries Bridal Blogs Biz Buzz Scene Now Education Matters Lee County Neighbors Capitol Blog Inside Mississippi State Sports Inside Ole Miss Sports NeMiss Preps Sports Buzz Keep Running Real Estate NeMiss Jobs Classifieds Business Directory Advertise Subscribe eEdition Contact Us Directory Itawamba Times Itawamba County | Mississippi News Navigation Home About Us Contact Us Subscribe Advertise News Itawamba County Sports Business Living Bridal View Announcements Submit Announcement Opinion Obituaries View Latest Obituaries View Archived Obituaries Buy Photos eEdition Best of Itawamba 2016   Police net multiple drug arrests at local Walmart By Adam Armour | 8:02 am | March 29, 2017 | Itawamba County, News By ADAM ARMOUR News Coordinator When it comes to drug busts, the local Walmart has borne a lot of fruit in recent weeks. Officers with the Fulton Police Department responded to two separate calls from the retail giant on Interchange Drive last week. Both ended with suspects being charged for possession of crystal methamphetamine. On Saturday, March 18, officers with the Fulton Police Department responded to a call of trespassing at Walmart. The suspects were driving away from the store by the time police arrived. Officers executed a traffic stop, during which they allegedly discovered a felony amount of crystal methamphetamine inside the car. Police arrested Christina Michelle Hood, 37, and her husband, Josh Wayne Hood, 49, both of Fulton. Both suspects were charged with felony possession of crystal methamphetamine and trespassing. According to Fulton Police Chief Reggie Johnson, the officer spotted some drug paraphernalia after asking the suspects to step out. Trespassing is a relatively rare occurrence at the 24/7 retail giant, but if a person is caught shoplifting there, and is convicted, he or she is no longer welcome in the store. According to Fulton Police Chief Reggie Johnson, if said shoplifter returns to the story, it’s considered trespassing. Both suspects received an initial court hearing before Itawamba County Justice Court Judge John Bishop. Their bonds were set at $3,000 each. The following day, March 19, Itawamba County dispatch received another call to respond to Walmart, this time on a report of shoplifting. Upon arrival, police arrested Delbert Lewis, 28, of Nettleton. During a routine search of his person, police allegedly discovered a felony amount of crystal methamphetamine. Lewis was charged with possession of crystal meth and shoplifting. During his initial court appearance, Lewis was issued a bond of $3,000 by Judge Bishop. Both arrests were assisted by the North Mississippi Narcotics Unit. Calls from Walmart have netted five drug arrests during March. Earlier this month, police arrested two other suspects after being called by the retail giant to investigate potential shoplifters. Searches of the suspects in both cases resulted in drug busts. adam.armour@journalinc.com Twitter: @admarmr Share this: Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to Press This! (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) About Adam Armour Adam Armour has been writing and taking photographs for "The Itawamba County Times" since 2005. His words and pictures have earned 18 Mississippi Press Association Awards, including several "Best of" category recognitions. He has written and independently published one novel and is currently working on a second. View all posts by Adam Armour → crime, featured, Fulton Crime, Fulton Police Department Question of the Week – March 29 Traffic stop ends in meth bust Search Like us on Facebook Like us on Facebook Subscribe to Blog via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Archives Archives Select Month March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 October 2011 August 2011 Popular Latest Comments Tags Music education is important, beneficial March 24, 2017 Anti-smoking law exhales this Sunday March 29, 2017 Marina owners want boat slips on Fulton tax roll March 29, 2017 Traffic stop ends in meth bust March 29, 2017 Police net multiple drug arrests at local Walmart March 29, 2017 County supervisors begin to tweak county rulebook March 29, 2017 Anti-smoking law exhales this Sunday March 29, 2017 Marina owners want boat slips on Fulton tax roll March 29, 2017 Traffic stop ends in meth bust March 29, 2017 Police net multiple drug arrests at local Walmart March 29, 2017 Becky Threlkeld: I think this is a beautiful idea! What a precious ... Joshua Ballard: OMG I love it. Why did you get called fake? You re... Perry Newton: I'm glad to see it happen! Would like to play mus... Gordie Macivor: Goodness Gracious!!I hope the 2 people that voted ... UNKNOWN: It was helpful really it was i was joking... Ally McDonald Arrests baseball Basketball Board of Supervisors budget Burglary column crime Eagles Election feature featured football fulton Fulton Board of Aldermen Golf IAHS IAHS Baseball IAHS Basketball IAHS Football ICC ICDC Indians Itawamba County School District Itawamba County Sheriff's Department Lady Eagles Lady Indians Lady Mustangs Mantachie Mantachie Baseball Mantachie Basketball Mantachie Board of Aldermen Mantachie Football Miranda Mustangs Playoffs Question Question of the Week scores Softball Sports News Sports news and scores Tremont Tremont Basketball COMMUNITIES Daily Journal Pontotoc Progress Chickasaw Journal Southern Advocate Call us (662) 862-3141 MORE SPORTS NeMissPreps Inside Mississippi State Sports Inside Ole Miss Sports CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Homes For Sale/Rent FOLLOW US Facebook Email Contact Us Archives Archives Select Month March 2017  (57) February 2017  (36) January 2017  (43) December 2016  (43) November 2016  (53) October 2016  (49) September 2016  (51) August 2016  (54) July 2016  (43) June 2016  (44) May 2016  (41) April 2016  (40) March 2016  (64) February 2016  (41) January 2016  (44) December 2015  (42) November 2015  (41) October 2015  (52) September 2015  (47) August 2015  (51) July 2015  (50) June 2015  (45) May 2015  (45) April 2015  (63) March 2015  (48) February 2015  (42) January 2015  (38) December 2014  (35) November 2014  (43) October 2014  (68) September 2014  (54) August 2014  (53) July 2014  (64) June 2014  (44) May 2014  (58) April 2014  (61) March 2014  (50) February 2014  (54) January 2014  (57) December 2013  (48) November 2013  (47) October 2013  (64) September 2013  (60) August 2013  (50) July 2013  (55) June 2013  (50) May 2013  (70) April 2013  (61) March 2013  (62) February 2013  (59) January 2013  (64) December 2012  (60) November 2012  (24) October 2012  (4) September 2012  (1) August 2012  (1) October 2011  (1) August 2011  (1) © 2017 Itawamba Times. All Rights Reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Ecoark Holdings, Inc. March 29, 2017 07:32 ET In Preparation for Nasdaq Uplisting, Ecoark Holdings Appoints Jay Puchir CEO and Adds Former Walmart Treasurer Charles Rateliff as CFO Restructuring to Streamline Parent Company and Focus Key Subsidiaries on Profitability; Founder Randy May to Remain Chairman of the Board ROGERS, AR--(Marketwired - March 29, 2017) - Ecoark Holdings, Inc. ("Ecoark" or "Ecoark Holdings") (OTCQX: EARK) today announced several key organizational changes to streamline parent company operations and focus key subsidiaries on attaining profitability as the company prepares to complete its application for uplisting on the Nasdaq Capital Market. As part of the restructure, the Ecoark board of directors has unanimously voted to appoint Jay Puchir CEO of Ecoark Holdings. Ecoark Founder Randy May will remain Chairman of the Board after nominating Jay Puchir to assume the CEO role. The company also elected former Walmart Treasurer Charles Rateliff CFO and Treasurer of Ecoark Holdings. The company's CFO position has remained vacant since former CFO Yash Puri resigned in January 2017. "Over the past 12 months, as a post-merger public company, we've successfully focused on fundraising and growth through acquisition. As we prepare for this critical next stage of the company and uplisting to Nasdaq, we're proud to promote Jay as our new CEO to develop and execute our strategic growth plan and ensure we deliver maximum shareholder value," commented Randy May, former CEO of Ecoark Holdings. "During his time as director of finance, secretary, and treasurer, Jay has been invaluable in helping Ecoark and our subsidiaries begin to adopt industry best practices. I'm looking forward to continuing to work closely with him as we enter this exciting next phase of the company's maturation." Key Organizational Changes In addition to appointing Jay Puchir CEO and Charles Rateliff CFO, Ecoark Holdings also announced two additional executive changes: COO Roshan Weerasinghe was appointed as CEO, Pioneer Products, an Ecoark subsidiary, to focus full time on business development and not corporate operations; and SVP of Business Development Gregg Hames will transition to his new role as VP of Professional Services, Zest Labs, an Ecoark subsidiary, moving from his role at Ecoark. "Ecoark has rapidly and successfully transitioned from the development stage to a highly valuable collection of revenue-producing subsidiaries that solve major business challenges. We're currently focused on improving our fundamentals, increasing sales through growth and acquisitions, and attaining profitability to maximize shareholder value," said Puchir. "The fact that Charles is coming out of retirement to become CFO demonstrates his confidence in the company and the huge market opportunity in front of us. I'm looking forward to the opportunity to lead this highly dynamic organization with disruptive technologies through one of the most exciting processes in business." Jay Puchir has held executive roles at several companies prior to joining Ecoark Holdings. Most recently, he led Ecoark's financial planning and analysis, treasury and secretary functions, and worked with the Corporate Controller with financial reporting. Jay began his career as an auditor and consultant with one of the Big 4 accounting firms, ultimately earning the position of Senior Manager. He then held the role of the Director of Finance/Controller at a state college, and then Associate Chief Financial Officer within a Fortune 100 healthcare organization. A licensed Certified Public Accountant, Jay received his Bachelor of Arts from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and his Master of Business Administration from Rutgers University. Charles Rateliff retired in 2005 from Walmart Stores as a Senior Vice President after a 25-year career. Following his retirement, he served as an independent consultant to several private investment groups. After receiving an MBA from the University of Arkansas, he was hired as an internal auditor for Walmart and within five years was promoted to Assistant Treasurer and later on, Treasurer. Over the course of his career at Walmart, Charles worked across several departments including compliance, risk management, profit sharing and associate benefits. Charles has been an independent member of the Ecoark Board of Directors since May 2016. In addition to the aforementioned executive changes, the Board voted to increase the number of Directors from seven to nine and will immediately begin searching for two additional independent Directors to fill the vacancies. About Ecoark Holdings Inc. Founded in 2011, Ecoark Holdings, Inc. is a growth-oriented company based in the retail and logistics hub of Northwest Arkansas. Ecoark's portfolio of technology solutions increase operational visibility and improve organizational transparency for a wide range of corporate clients. Ecoark's technologies fight waste in Operations, Logistics and Supply Chains across the evolving global economy. The company's portfolio of companies and technologies work to integrate people, processes and data in order to overcome ingrained operational hurdles and create new revenue streams. Ecoark's vision is to expose the cycles of waste that reduce efficiency and cost effectiveness across the business landscape. Its strategically acquired subsidiaries have anticipated and responded to key economic factors impacting every business today. Ecoark addresses these vital economic factors through four active subsidiaries, Zest Labs, Eco3d, Pioneer Products, and Magnolia Solar. For more information, please visit www.ecoarkusa.com. Forward Looking Statement This release contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements concerning our business and possible or assumed future results of operations. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements for many reasons including: our ability to continue as a going concern; adverse economic changes affecting markets we serve; competition in our markets and industry segments; our timing and the profitability of entering new markets; greater than expected costs, customer acceptance of our products or difficulties related to our integration of the businesses we may acquire; and other risks and uncertainties as may be detailed from time to time in our public announcements and SEC filings. Although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, they relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made, and our future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements may not meet these expectations. We do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this document to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations, except as required by law. Contact Information Media Contact Matthew Bretzius FischTank Marketing and PR Matt@fischtankpr.com Investor Relations Contact Randy May II Investor Relations 479-259-2984 rsmay@ecoarkusa.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Ecoark Holdings, Inc. From this industry Agriculture Food and Beverage From this sub-industry Dairy Farming Food Packaging and Processing Retailers See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Tech Apple Science Cars Baselworld 2017 Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES     Nintendo Switch Stock Updates For Wednesday: Best Buy Online, Meijer Stores And Nintendo Store Posted: Mar 29 2017, 9:21am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News     The new $299.99 Nintendo Switch is hard to find. Here are the latest Nintendo Switch restocking updates. Updated. Wednesday is a big day for consumers still trying to find a Nintendo Switch console. Best Buy announced to sell the $299.99 Nintendo Switch Grey Joy-Con online at bestbuy.com at noon CT. Don't Miss: Find a Nintendo Switch in stock online Read our guide on how to battle the bots for a Nintendo Switch at Best Buy's online shop today. Scalpers are ready to wipe out Best Buy's inventory of the Switch with automated scripts using multiple My Best Buy accounts. Last week was an awesome time to score a Nintendo Switch. GameStop kicked things off with restocking the Switch in stores. Walmart, Target, ToysRUs and even amazon.com offered the $299.99 Nintendo Switch with Grey Joy-Con. The supply for the Nintendo Switch Neon Joy-Con version was much lower. On Wednesday the Nintendo Switch continues to be a hard to find item and the Best Buy flash sale is a big opportunity to find a Switch in stock. Another great opportunity is today at 10am ET at the Nintendo flagship store in New York. The Nintendo store is selling the Switch daily this week. See the details below. Updates: 10:15am ET: Several Meijer store locations are having the Nintendo Switch in stock this morning. The Switch is in stock at the Meijer store in Knapps Corner, 1997 E Beltline, NE and many others. To check for inventory at your local Meijer store just visit the Switch product page on meijer.com. 10:00am ET: The Switch and NES sale at bestbuy.com begins in 3 hours! Get ready. The iStockNow inventory tracker is reporting this morning multiple Walmart and Target stores with Switch inventory like in the past days. We recommend to look up the inventory level of your local Walmart store on BrickSeek and compare with what iStockNow reports. If both services show stock, the likelihood of you finding a Switch is rather high. Walmart also offers in stock tracking for its stores online. Enter your zip code and select the Walmart store near you on this walmart.com page.  Amazon in Spain had the Nintendo Switch with Grey Joy-Con in stock again for 329 Euro yesterday, but is sold out now. The reseller prices of the Nintendo Switch did not decline, despite the restocking last week. Prices are above $400 from "trustworthy" reseller. Please avoid the fake low priced reseller deals on the Nintendo Switch. These offers are a scam. Read our report on the Nintendo Switch Amazon scam for details. The Switch has also been spotted in stock in select cities on Amazon Prime Now and on in Fry's store locations. iStockNow is notifying users about Switch stock at Fry's stores. We offer a way to get the Nintendo Switch for free through our Nintendo Switch Giveaway. Enter daily to increase your chances to win coveted Switch console. Our Nintendo Switch Giveaway ends this week.  How to find the Nintendo Switch in Stores Walmart Stores Enter your zip code and select the Walmart store near you on this walmart.com page.  The Walmart SKU number for the Nintendo Switch with grey Joy-Con is 52901821. The Walmart SKU for the Nintendo Switch with neon blue and new red Joy-Con is 52901822. To check if a Walmart store near you has the Switch in stock you can also use this BrickSeek page. To check for the more rare Switch with neon Joy-con visit this link. Alternatively shoppers can use iStockNow to find Walmart stores with Switch in stock.  Target Stores  While there are three methods to check for Switch inventory, it is more difficult for Target. BrickSeek does not work for checking for Switch stock at Target stores for some reason. Searching with DCPI 207-29-1001 results in: "Sorry, this item is not available to search at this time." Target shows store inventory also online on target.com for the Nintendo Switch. The Target DPCI for the Nintendo Switch console with neon blue and neon red Joy-Con is 207-29-1001. The DPCI for the Nintendo Switch with grey Joy-Con is 207-29-1000. The search for the Switch at Target on BrickSeek is not returning results yet. Alternatively shoppers can use iStockNow to find Target stores with Switch in stock.  Nintendo Flagship Store in New York Nintendo tweeted a schedule of Switch sales for this week. On Wednesday March 29, the Switch will go on sale at 10am ET in the store located at 10 Rockefeller Plaza. On Thursday, March 30, the Switch sale begins at 4pm and on Friday, Switch hunters can line up at 10am again. If you are lining up today, please share how many Switch consoles the store had in stock in the comments below. Best Buy Best Buy announced to sell the $299.99 Nintendo Switch Grey Joy-Con online at bestbuy.com on Wednesday, March 29 at noon CT (1pm ET). Read our guide on how to battle the bots for a Nintendo Switch at Best Buy's online shop today. Scalpers are ready to wipe out Best Buy's inventory of the Switch with automated scripts using multiple My Best Buy accounts.Shoppers can use iStockNow to find Best Buy stores with Switch in stock.  GameStop The iStockNow service also works for GameStop store locations. A pro tip for iStockNow is to look for inventory changes of your local stores you track. Only if there is a fresh change, the likelihood that the information is correct is high. Another tip is to compare iStockNow and BrickSeek results. How to Find a Nintendo Switch in stock online To track online inventory and get alerts, shoppers can use zoolert and NowInStock. Both inventory tracker have already setup the Nintendo Switch trackers. We also recommend to use the Chrome browser extension Page Monitor Pro to monitor Nintendo Switch product pages in the hours ahead of the release. Amazon has been offering the hard to find Nintendo Switch through its local delivery service Amazon Prime Now. We see the Nintendo Switch in stock for select cities on Amazon Prime Now almost each day over the past weeks. The inventory is sold out extremely fast each time. The Lucky customers can receive the Switch with 2 hour free delivery once the Amazon Prime Now. Below is the list of shops that offer the Nintendo Switch online in case they have inventory. Amazon  Best Buy  GameStop   Target  ToysRUs Nintendo lists six official stores that sell the Nintendo Switch including Amazon, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, ToysRUs and Target. Other stores have also listed the Switch including NewEgg, Fry's, BHPPhotoVideo and Nintendo's own store. We have a brand-new Nintendo Switch in the office that we are giving away. Enter the I4U News Nintendo Switch Giveaway now to get a chance to win a free Nintendo Switch. The new Nintendo Switch launched on March 3 and as expected, it sold out on launch day. Nintendo's comments that there would be enough Switch consoles in March to satisfy demand turned out to be untrue. Nintendo now plans to double the production of the Nintendo Switch. The company plans to make 16 million Switch consoles starting April 1 until March 2018. The original plan was to produce 8 million Switch consoles. The colorful Switch is slightly harder to find than the console with gray controllers. The premium resellers charge is with 50 to 65% still much lower than it is the case for the Nintendo NES Classic. Nintendo is expected to ship 2 million Switch consoles in March for the global market. The number is too low and finding Nintendo Switch in stock after the initial launch batch sells out is very difficult. The Switch gave Nintendo their biggest console launch ever. The first 2-days of sales beat the Wii and all other Nintendo consoles. The $59.99 NES Classic continues to be also in extreme short supply and Nintendo is unable to ship a significant resupply to resellers in weeks. Nintendo sold through 1.5 million NES Classic consoles and the demand is by far not satisfied. It might take Nintendo until Fall to make enough Switch consoles to satisfy demand. The Switch will be one of the most popular Holiday gifts for the Holiday shopping season 2017.  For video game fans who have not pre-ordered a Switch yet, there are still chances on launch day. There have been midnight launches for the Nintendo Switch at several retailers. The online availability of the Switch is expected to be very limited on launch day. The Nintendo Switch is a completely new video game concept. It's a mobile console first with removable small controllers. The mobile unit with display rest in a Nintendo Switch console connected to your TV. The mobile unit slides inside the Switch docking station, where it also gets charged. The small controllers that are detachable from the mobile unit also slide onto a home controller. A new Zelda game will be amongst the launch titles for the new Nintendo Switch, formerly known as Nintendo NX. The Nintendo Switch games sell for $59.99 like the games for the PS4 and Xbox One. The announced Nintendo Switch game line-up includes Mario Kart 8 Deluxe and The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. Nintendo killed region locking on the Nintendo Switch. Any game sold in any region will be playable on the Nintendo Switch. The system will include the main console, Joy-Con (L) and Joy-Con (R) controllers, a Joy-Con grip (to which two Joy-Con are attached and used as one controller), a set of Joy-Con wrist straps, a Nintendo Switch dock (which holds the main console and connects it to a TV), an HDMI cable and an AC adapter. Two stylish versions of the system will be released: a version with a set of gray Joy-Con, and a version with one neon blue and one neon red Joy-Con. Both versions will be the same price. Win a new Nintendo Switch and a Nintendo NES Classic in two exclusive I4U News Giveaways. This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Nintendo Reveals Why the Switch is in Short Supply, More Coming in Next Days 1 hour ago Nintendo Switch and NES Classic in Stock online at Best Buy: How to Score against Bots 13 hours ago, 12:09pm CDT Nintendo Switch and NES Classic Best Buy Sale: Switch Gray Joy-Con, two Switch Bundles and the NES 13 hours ago, 12:07pm CDT Windows 10 Creators Update: Big Changes in a Small Package 14 hours ago, 11:51am CDT Windows 10 Creators Update Release is on April 11 14 hours ago, 11:39am CDT Android Users to Spend more Money on Apps than Apple Users 18 minutes ago Astronaut Peggy Whitson set to break Sunita Williams' Spacewalk Record 34 minutes ago Video Game Hall of Game Announces New Class 7 hours ago, 6:06pm CDT 2017 New Sportcars 8 hours ago, 5:05pm CDT Skoda Vision E Concept Teases 300bhp Electric SUV for 2020 8 hours ago, 5:03pm CDT New Porsche 911 Spied Testing in Nürburgring 9 hours ago, 4:32pm CDT Best Sportcars of 2017 9 hours ago, 4:29pm CDT Musk Confirms Tesla Model 3 Won’t Have a Standard Speedometer 9 hours ago, 4:28pm CDT Electra Meccanica Reveals New All-Electric Tofino Sports Car 9 hours ago, 4:25pm CDT Watch Indonesian Man Swallowed Whole by Python 9 hours ago, 4:13pm CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted Featured News Nintendo Switch Stock Updates for Wednesday: Best Buy Online, Meijer Stores and Nintendo Store 2017 iMac: Rumors, Features, Release, Price and Everything You Need to Know   Apple Rumors 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 7S, Apple Watch 3, 2017, AR and More NES Classic Edition Stock Updates for Wednesday Technology News Nintendo Reveals Why the Switch is in Short Supply, More Coming in Next Days 1 hour ago Nintendo Switch and NES Classic in Stock online at Best Buy: How to Score against Bots 13 hours ago, 12:09pm CDT Nintendo Switch and NES Classic Best Buy Sale: Switch Gray Joy-Con, two Switch Bundles and the NES 13 hours ago, 12:07pm CDT Windows 10 Creators Update: Big Changes in a Small Package 14 hours ago, 11:51am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News Android Users to Spend more Money on Apps than Apple Users 18 minutes ago Astronaut Peggy Whitson set to break Sunita Williams' Spacewalk Record 34 minutes ago Nintendo Reveals Why the Switch is in Short Supply, More Coming in Next Days 1 hour ago Video Game Hall of Game Announces New Class 7 hours ago, 6:06pm CDT More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Giveaway Nintendo NES Classic Giveaway Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
null
CLOSE Politics Religion Sports Voting Laws Culture Health Immigration Technology Economy Education Energy Thursday, March 30, 2017 Insider K Street Lifestyle Opinion Politics Religion Sports Voting Laws Culture Health Immigration Technology Economy Education Energy Home Education Walmart $1 million Grant to CBCF Supports Interns Policy Education Walmart $1 million Grant to CBCF Supports Interns By Kenneth Mallory - 10:00pm October 26, 2011 1169 16 SHARE Facebook Twitter Walmart’s recent $1 million grant to the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation is an injection of sorely needed funding to support the organizations’ highly coveted Emerging Leaders Internship program. A Walmart official stated the company was “honored” to partner with the CBCF. “Diversity is core to Walmart’s success and we are always honored to partner with organizations that share our commitment to helping minority students succeed in life. The congressional internship program is a wonderful example of an initiative for African-American students that works,” said Kimberly Woodard, Walmart’s director of federal government relations and CBCF board member, in a statement. “The program’s success over the last six years has raised the bar for congressional internships and we commend the CBCF for its commitment to promoting diversity on the Hill.” According to information provided by the CBCF, Walmart has provided $2 million to support the program since 2006. Traci L. Hughes, Communications Director for the CBCF, told Politic365 in a phone interview that Walmart’s monetary support was “invaluable.” “More than 80 of our students have benefited from the internship program and clearly the training and exposure they have received served them well,” said Hughes. “Many of them have gone on to work on Capitol Hill. They’re currently earning law degrees, MBAs, and have even started their own companies.” The internship program spans a semester and CBCF says the program “… prepares participating students for careers in public service or the private sector.  As a result of Walmart’s funding, interns also receive a stipend and housing during their internships.” According to the CBCF, Walmart’s funding will also help sponsor its Semester in Washington internship program, a project formed through a partnership with the George Washington University. Former CBCF intern and Hampton University graduate Darien E. Nolin — now a financial analyst for a federal agency and MBA candidate at the Johns Hopkins University — spoke to Politic365 about the value of the CBCF’s internship programs. Nolin said that his CBCF internship afforded him an opportunity to develop more professional relationships with other interns and those working in Congress as he benefited from “… the amount of exposure that it brought and the amount of confidence it gave [him] to pursue other things.” And it appears that Nolin is among CBCF intern alums making remarkable educational and professional strides. “When you look at today’s economy and see what our former interns are doing and where they are working, it affirms the quality and reputation of our program as the best training ground for college students interested in public and civic service,” said Muriel Cooper, CBCF Senior Media Manager, in an email to Politic365. CBCF provided the following list of the CBCF’s Class of 2009 Walmart Emerging Leaders and the different educational and professional endeavors they are currently engaged in: Keith Benjamin: Legislative Associate for the Transport Workers Union of America, AFL-CIO and co-Chair of The Young & Powerful Group DC Chapter. Dshawna Bernard: Co-President of CoverME TTT designed to assist children in low income communities throughout the nation. Former protocol consular officer with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Trinidad and Tobago’s foreign service. Ayianna A. Kennerly: Field and Constituent Services Representative for Senator Al Franken (D-MN) Cedric Haynes: 2nd year, full scholarship law student at Mississippi College School of Law, Frederick Douglass Moot Court competitor, and at Morgan & Morgan as a law clerk. Niara Phillips: Homeland Security analyst with Booz Allen Hamilton Danielle Bowers: Research Analyst for Rep. Ronald Waters, Chairman of the Pennsylvania Legislative Black Caucus (PLBC). Also a 2nd year graduate student in the MPA program at Penn State University. Carlissia Graham: Scheduler to Senator Kirsten Gillibrand and very involved with sex trafficking organizations in DC, including Courtney’s House. Charlin Caster: Contractor/Consultant for a government agency working on labor and economic publications, including researching marketing efforts to deliver career information to Hispanic communities and corresponding with incarcerated persons seeking career and re-entry information. Delvin Champagne: Occupational Therapist, also just elected as the DC Representative to the American Occupational Therapy Association. LaShaunta Williams: Independent Research Assistant for Dr. Patrick Wolf, Endowed Chair of School Choice at the University of Arkansas. Brice Sikuade: Special Projects/Events Director, Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton, D-District of Columbia TAGS $1 million African-American award Congressional Black Caucus Foundation emerging leaders Experience Exposure grant HBCUs internship policy Students Walmart SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleIs Spectrum Really Important to Hispanics? Next articleMexico Saves the NBA Kenneth Mallory Kenneth Mallory, a political correspondent for Politic365, is an award-winning journalist and attorney who has free-lanced for several publications, in addition to serving as a general assignment reporter for the Washington Afro-American Newspaper. He earned his B.A. magna cum laude from University of Maryland, Baltimore County, in addition to his J.D. from Northwestern University School of Law. RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Education Text of Executive Order on #HBCUS Signed by President Trump on February 28 Education Rep. Alma Adams’ HBCU Capital Financing Bill Passes House Education Report: Increases in Spending on Corrections Far Outpace Education 16 COMMENTS Walmart Community » Blog Archive » Walmart $1 Million Grant to CBCF Supports Interns 4:51pm October 28, 2011 at 4:51 pm […] Read more at Politic365 […] Reply 名牌汇，博客，幽默，恐怖，故事，惊悚， 5:05pm November 9, 2011 at 5:05 pm I like the valuable information you provide on your articles. I?ll bookmark your blog and take a look at once more here regularly. I am quite certain I?ll be informed plenty of new stuff proper right here! Good luck for the next! Reply keotitmakara 1:06am January 30, 2016 at 1:06 am Nice article Reply Mark SaKa 6:35am March 6, 2016 at 6:35 am let me know about your facebook page if you had it. Reply Rich Phal 6:36am March 6, 2016 at 6:36 am what is your twitter’s name? Reply Da Mo 12:04pm April 1, 2016 at 12:04 pm let me know your facebook page? Reply SVann 11:19am May 9, 2016 at 11:19 am Well said. I love Walmart anyway because it’s also 1 of the best online some among Amazon, Ebay, Alibaba, Aliexpress, etc. Reply Maurice 7:08am September 7, 2016 at 7:08 am Great job walmart! Reply leng koechenda 12:24pm October 26, 2016 at 12:24 pm I love Walmart but 1 million just little for them Reply Solida 12:02pm November 28, 2016 at 12:02 pm Great article and Thanks for sharing:) Reply Eva Mali 12:43am December 2, 2016 at 12:43 am So interesting article, good site! Thanks for share Reply Mark 6:56am January 12, 2017 at 6:56 am Walmart is kind of generous to help CBCF’s internship programs. And I really appreciate that. It gives the African-American students the opportunities to gain more experiences, develop their capacity and strengthen the confidence for their next careers. I hope it will continue to contribute to such a program. Reply Daniel 2:43am March 1, 2017 at 2:43 am You got very interesting content here , really appreciate thanks for you article , Thanks for sharing !!!!! Reply Jen Hoo 9:11am March 4, 2017 at 9:11 am Nice blog, really interesting. thank for sharing Reply jennifer juna 12:45pm March 15, 2017 at 12:45 pm Well done! Nice post! you have done a great job. Hoping, that you will continue doing like this some day for a next time. Thanks a lot!. Reply Melody Josten 3:57am March 29, 2017 at 3:57 am I have read your article, it is very great article. Thanks for sharing this with us. Reply LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Editors Picks Blacks Can’t Vacation: Breitbart, Rep. Steve King, Go After Obama’s Children Lauren Victoria Burke - 7:59pm April 5, 2013 Gun Nut Threatens President Obama and Mayor Bloomberg with Ricin Letters Lauren Victoria Burke - 6:57pm May 30, 2013 Game Changer: Arnold Donald Politic365 Staff - 3:02pm May 4, 2013 Jamilah Lemieux Politic365 Staff - 2:05pm July 22, 2012 Politic365 is an opinion and policy blog focused on communities of color. We create a positive media outlet for the empowerment and enrichment of our elected officials and community leaders, provide a venue for the exploration of issues important to our communities and address political and policy about the economy, healthcare, technology, energy and a variety of social and cultural issues, all from the diverse perspective of people of color. Contact us: info@politic365.com EVEN MORE NEWS Nationwide Public Safety Broadband Network Clears Major Hurdle 10:40pm March 28, 2017 Charter Communications Continues to Make Good on Diversity Commitments 3:53pm March 28, 2017 Immigration Reform Finds New Advocate in Verizon’s McAdam 3:13pm March 28, 2017 POPULAR CATEGORY Headline2243 Politics1996 National1942 News1254 Culture1025 Policy661 © Copyright 2015 - Newsmag by TagDiv Home Editorial Staff Join Our Mailing List Contact
Menu Biglaw Small Law Firms Small Firm Center Law Schools In-House Counsel Business Development Future of the Supreme Court Justice Privacy Bonuses ATL Rankings Asia Chronicles Government Appellate Court Blog CLE Litigation Finance Podcast Career Center Job Listings Law Firm Rankings Law School Rankings Pre-Law Law Students Lawyers Law Firm Directory Law School Directory Law Firm Advances, Bonuses, Stipends Resource Center Send Tips Advertise Events About And Then There Were 4: Biglaw Lawyers Behaving Badly Non-Sequiturs: 03.29.17 Thank You To Our Advertisers The Most-Cited Supreme Court Cases All Have Something In Common Prosecutors Seek To Call @Carl_C_Icahn To The Stand Trend Is Law Firms Moving Blogs Off Websites: ABA Publication Are Solos Still Being Told Not To Use Social Media? Hot Sperm, Cold Eggs, And Thieving Penguins alt.legal: If Money is Speech, Then Crowdfund Your Favorite Public Interest Lawsuit Nationwide Layoff Watch: Mass Lateral Hire, Mass Support-Staff Fire I Think My Boss Is A Cocaine Addict. Now What? The 10 Law Schools Students REALLY Want To Go To (2017) Law Schools Duel For The Worst Bar Exam Passage Rates Ever The Title Of This Court Filing Will Amaze You! Everybody Else Is Reading This X Close Signup Modal Above The Law In your inbox Subscribe and get breaking news, commentary, and opinions on law firms, lawyers, law schools, lawsuits, judges, and more. Send Tips Advertise Events About Above the Law Biglaw Small Law Small Firm Center Law Schools In-House Legal Tech Justice Government Appellate Court Blog Career Center Job Listings Pre-Law Law Students Lawyers Law Firm Rankings Law School Rankings Law Firm Directory Law School Directory Resource Center Law Firm Advances, Bonuses, Stipends CLE Differentiate Your Firm With A .law Domain Check out our findings on the Litigation Finance landscape Arm yourself with insider advice and download the exclusive Law School Survivor’s Guide  Check Out On The Job: Above The Law’s New Employment Law Center Labor / Employment, On The Job Employers Need Good Bedside Manner By Beth Robinson Mar 28, 2017 at 2:55 PM Shares11 A few weeks ago, at an event for attorneys, someone made an offhanded comment about the value of making people feel better. She said: doctors with better bedside manner have fewer lawsuits. And it’s true, they do. This is one of many chicken-or-the-egg situations I feel you encounter in life. Are doctors with better bedside manner better doctors? Or is it just perception? I would bet it is just perception. Because I have seen it in the workplace. Two employers treat their employees otherwise identically, but one has many more issues, including EEOC charges, at every turn, even for employees who voluntarily quit. Why? Because one employer makes their employees feel better about working there, even during terminations, while the other does not. Another example: Target and Walmart. People think poorly of Walmart for many reasons, including the lawsuits they keep getting. But they aren’t the only company that gets sued, and the truth is racial and sexual disparity in pay exist in every industry. Furthermore, Target isn’t perfect (even though they seem to have the full support of atheists and people who don’t care about the gender of other people in a public restroom). They have had their share of black eyes. But if you ask people on the street what they think of Walmart as a retailer, and what they think of Target, you will get two very different responses for these retailers. What can an employer learn from this phenomenon? Bedside manner is incredibly important, for more than just doctors. And what can an employer do to take advantage of this phenomenon?  Here are my suggestions: 1. Make your employees feel important. Doctors with good bedside manner make the patient feel they have their full attention during the (often very short) time they have with them. This makes the patient feel important. What is a practical way that an employer can do this? Drop the silly platitudes (pro tip: “Chief Happiness Officer” does nothing for your actual workplace happiness) and actually give benefits that matter to employees. Do you expect long hours? How about making employees’ lives easier outside of the office? Something I’ve seen that employees at one company enjoyed: buying out time at a nearby gym to give employees an opportunity to work out. No competition for that elliptical! 2. Listen to your employees. Patients gave high ratings to doctors who listen. Curiously, this is part of our training for managers and HR professionals for successfully implementing anti-harassment policies. We tell them that there are key issues and phrases to pay attention to, but they often don’t come out immediately. Employees want to feel like they matter. Feeling like they matter can often mean more than almost anything in the workplace. Managers should be trained to actively listen to employees, for more than a Faragher-Ellerth defense. 3. Give good feedback. Doctors who are thoughtful about what they say have better bedside manner. For employers, this translates to feedback. Good feedback is essential to being a good employer, but often it isn’t focused on.  Formal review is a time of dread instead of a time of growth. I personally am not a fan of an annual or semi-annual review; I think that for feedback to matter, it needs to be more timely. Just like doctors need to be continually saying, with their words and body language, the right thing to each patient for the bedside manner to be authentic and matter, so an employer needs to be giving good, timely feedback to employees. Intentionality and being mindful of perception is key to being truly good at anything. If you are a doctor, it translates into fewer lawsuits over the course of your career, all things being equal. If you are an employer, being intentional about the workplace environment is key to being a top place to work and low turnover (though, like Target, you will never be the best for everyone). And much like it does for doctors, being intentional hits your bottom line. Low employee turnover and avoiding lawsuits has real value to a company. Beth Robinson lives in Denver and is a business law attorney and employment law guru. She practices at Fortis Law Partners. You can reach her at employmentlawgurubr@gmail.com and follow her on Twitter at @HLSinDenver. Being a good employer is good for business. Shares11 Topics Advice, Bedside Manner, Beth Robinson, Bosses, Labor / Employment, On The Job Love ATL? Let's make it official. Sign up for our newsletter. Popular Articles Law Schools Duel For The Worst Bar Exam Passage Rates Ever The Title Of This Court Filing Will Amaze You! The 10 Law Schools Students REALLY Want To Go To (2017) The Most-Cited Supreme Court Cases All Have Something In Common And Then There Were 4: Biglaw Lawyers Behaving Badly Nationwide Layoff Watch: Mass Lateral Hire, Mass Support-Staff Fire An Interesting New Set Of Law School Rankings Trend Is Law Firms Moving Blogs Off Websites: ABA Publication ABA Finally Puts Law School On Probation For Horrendous Bar Passage Rates Trump’s Biglaw M&A Enforcer I Think My Boss Is A Cocaine Addict. Now What? Biglaw Partner Gets Wasted On Plane, Causes Mid-Atlantic Flight Diversion Don’t Go To Law School Because Of Trump The Dan Markel Case: Lingering Questions Over Who’s Paying Katherine Magbanua’s Legal Fees Breaking: NY To $180K!!! Cravath Raises Associate Base Salaries!!! From the Above the Law Network Big Deals & Lateral Moves Source: Lateral Link Two Mid to Senior-Level M&A Associate Openings Source: Kinney Recruiting On The Job: A Labor And Employment Rankings Round-Up Source: Above the Law 2017 Law Firm Rankings Source: Above the Law 2017 Dealbreaker MBA Rankings Source: Dealbreaker Life Sciences Law Firm Index: Top Deal Firms Update Source: Above the Law 2017 Ediscovery Case Law: Ready for a New Year? Source: MICHELE C.S. LANGE Associate Compensation Scorecard: Which Firms Have Announced Bonuses? Source: Above the Law Are In-House Lawyers Happy With Their Outside Counsel? The Dan Markel Case: Lingering Questions Over Who’s Paying Katherine Magbanua’s Legal Fees Shares11 Recent Jobs Director of the Center for Judicial Engagement Location: Arlington, VA posted by Institute for Justice Mid-Level Associate Attorney, Asset Securitization: Washington, D.C. Office Location: Washington, DC, United States posted by Chapman and Cutler LLP Corporate Counsel Location: Foster City, California posted by Gilead Sciences, Inc. Attorney Location: Chicago, Illinois posted by Werman Salas P.C. Mid-Level Litigation Associate Attorney Location: Chicago, Illinois posted by Kinney Recruiting LLC view all » Promoted Sponsored Content The Trump Administration, Mistake at the Oscars, and Career Advice this March on Legal Talk Network This month, Legal Talk Network’s podcasts featured the regular collection of technology, medical law, and a helpful episode just for law students. Legal Talk Network Newsletter Signup Subscribe and get breaking news, commentary, and opinions on law firms, lawyers, law schools, lawsuits, judges, and more. Editorial Staff Managing Editor David Lat Editors Staci Zaretsky Joe Patrice Breaking Media Editor at Large Elie Mystal × Love ATL? Let's make it official. Sign up for our newsletter. Follow us No thanks Our Sites © 2017 Breaking Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Registration or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Keys taken from shopper's cart, car stolen from Hattiesburg Wal - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News My Empire Amber Alert: Elizabeth Thomas Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Weather Road Show Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests WIN: Bracket Busters 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Keys taken from shopper's cart, car stolen from Hattiesburg Walmart 2017-03-28T23:27:42Z2017-03-29T22:06:00Z By Melissa Egan, Reporter Email Connect megan@wdam.com Source: WDAM Victim said she left her purse and keys in the top of the buggy. Source: WDAM HATTIESBURG, MS (WDAM) - A woman's car stolen from the Walmart on Highway 98 has been located and returned.  The woman's keys were swiped from her cart while inside the store Sunday night. Hattiesburg Police said the three female suspects seen in surveillance video taking the victim's keys while the victim was not looking are juveniles.  Police say one is in custody and the other two have been identified.  Police said after the three juveniles took the keys from the shopping cart, they activated the car alarm and stole the vehicle.  WDAM 7 News spoke with the victim Tuesday, while police were still searching for the vehicle.  The 22-year-old college student did not want to be identified due to privacy concerns, but said she wanted to share her experience so other shoppers did not find themselves in the same situation. The victim said she thought she just forgot where she parked her car when she walked out of the store Sunday, but then realized her keys were missing.  The victim then contacted security who reviewed surveillance video and located the three females stealing the keys. "I know at the time when my keys were taken, because of how close they were to me," the victim said. "I want people to be aware of that, be careful where you put your stuff and how close they are to you. Don't let people in your personal space and if they are, you need to check your stuff." The victim said when she put her keys in the buggy, she never thought something like that would happen to her. She said at the time of the crime, she was just acting like any "regular customer." "They were coming through and I was like 'oh excuse me.' I was being nice," the victim said. "I thought they were just trying to come through the aisle. What any regular customer do. I didn't hear any keys, anything being grabbed, I didn't hear any of that." The victim is a senior at William Carey University and is set to graduate in May. She said there was personal information, schoolwork, medals and necklaces inside the vehicle. Lt. Jon Traxler with the Hattiesburg Police Department said this is a vivid reminder to always be aware of your surroundings. "When you are out and about in the public, be mindful of your surroundings and things like that," Traxler said. "Keep your purses, your wallets, things like that handy. When you go into a store, don't set it down and walk away from it." The victim said she learned a lesson and hopes others will take a note from her misfortune. "Right now, its (purse) going to be right on my body, right on my shoulders. Keys, phone everything. Keep it attached to you or in your pocket," she said.  Hattiesburg Police said due to the suspects being juveniles, they will not be releasing surveillance video from inside the store.  Copyright 2017 WDAM. All rights reserved. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Lead singer of Memphis-based ‘Bar-Kays’ to retire Lead singer of Memphis-based ‘Bar-Kays’ to retire Updated: Wednesday, March 29 2017 11:49 PM EDT2017-03-30 03:49:36 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) It's the end of an era for the singer of one of the Bluff's City's most well-known music groups.  More >> It's the end of an era for the singer of one of the Bluff's City's most well-known music groups.  More >> Maligned Downtown high-rise $1.3M away from code Maligned Downtown high-rise $1.3M away from code Updated: Wednesday, March 29 2017 11:39 PM EDT2017-03-30 03:39:32 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) The tallest building in Downtown Memphis--praised as an example of mid-century modern architecture--has recently turned into a modern monstrosity.More >> The tallest building in Downtown Memphis--praised as an example of mid-century modern architecture--has recently turned into a modern monstrosity.More >> Man follows 71-year-old home from casino, beats her with tire iron Man follows 71-year-old home from casino, beats her with tire iron Updated: Wednesday, March 29 2017 11:38 PM EDT2017-03-30 03:38:13 GMT Michael Mahone (Source: Tunica County Sheriff's Office) A man was arrested and accused of assaulting a 71-year-old woman with a tire iron after following her home from a casino the night before.More >> A man was arrested and accused of assaulting a 71-year-old woman with a tire iron after following her home from a casino the night before.More >> ELECTION GUIDE: Municipal Elections ELECTION GUIDE: Municipal Elections Updated: Wednesday, March 29 2017 11:37 PM EDT2017-03-30 03:37:42 GMT (Photo Source: WMC Action News 5) Election day is quickly approaching for many Mid-South municipal elections. More >> Election day is quickly approaching for many Mid-South municipal elections. More >> Firefighter charged with sexual assault gave 14-year-old engagement ring, $20 bill Firefighter charged with sexual assault gave 14-year-old engagement ring, $20 bill Updated: Wednesday, March 29 2017 11:36 PM EDT2017-03-30 03:36:34 GMT Candelario Mireles Jr. (Source: Mississippi County Sheriff's Office) A man identified as a volunteer firefighter is facing charges after a 14-year-old girl said he stalked and impregnated her. More >> A man identified as a volunteer firefighter is facing charges after a 14-year-old girl said he stalked and impregnated her.More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Coroner confirms body found in vacant house is Aleah Beckerle Coroner confirms body found in vacant house is Aleah Beckerle Updated: Wednesday, March 29 2017 5:50 PM EDT2017-03-29 21:50:24 GMT Monday night, police began a death investigation after a decomposed body was found inside a vacant home on S. Bedford Ave. on the south side of Evansville. More >> Monday night, police began a death investigation after a decomposed body was found inside a vacant home on S. Bedford Ave. on the south side of Evansville.More >> #LetNannyGoToProm– AL high school principal denies teen’s request to take grandma to prom #LetNannyGoToProm– AL high school principal denies teen’s request to take grandma to prom Catherine Maine (Source: Sarah Catherine Facebook) A sweet high school senior wanted to grant his grandmother the opportunity to do something she has never done before – attend a high school prom.  More >> A sweet high school senior wanted to grant his grandmother the opportunity to do something she has never done before – attend a high school prom. More >> Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Budget Highlights Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » India Business News » Walmart okay with selling only Made-in-India products: India CEO SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Netflix joins hands with Red Chillies Entertainment CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal Apple unveils red iPhone Exclusive with Airbnb CEO Idea, Vodafone merger GST inches closer to July 1 rollout Paytm launches mobile payment services Walmart okay with selling only Made-in-India products: India CEORasul Bailay & Chaitali Chakravarty We are okay with selling only ‘Make in India’ products because even in our cash-andcarry stores, imported items make up for only 5% of our total products, said Krish Iyer. | ET Bureau | Updated: Mar 30, 2017, 09.47 AM IST ET had reported last month that India plans to unshackle the grocery retailing industry for foreign companies ... Read More NEW DELHI: Walmart Stores Inc, the world’s biggest retailer by sales, would consider opening physical outlets and selling products online if New Delhi allowed overseas supermarkets that directly sold Made-in-India products to consumers. “We are okay with selling only ‘Make in India’ products because even in our cash-andcarry stores, imported items make up for only 5% of our total products,” Krish Iyer, chief executive of Walmart India, told ET. Imports don’t make sense for supermarkets such as the Bentonville, Arkansas-based giant, as high customs duties raise prices, negating the sourcing efficiency that makes Walmart among the cheapest global retailers. Iyer said that with more than 95% local sourcing, Walmart India is already a partner in the government’s Make-in-India initiative, which seeks to establish the South Asian nation as a manufacturing hub. ET had reported last month that India plans to unshackle the grocery retailing industry for foreign companies as long as they sold goods sourced and produced locally. Two industry executives requesting anonymity said that bankers are mapping the retail industry, and making presentations to Walmart, preparing the deck for acquisitions of local entities when the government allows Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) in multi-brand retail. Iyer declined to comment on the likelihood of an acquisition, but a person aware of the development said that the US behemoth would like to acquire a company locally, although compliance remains a a hindrance. Walmart currently operates 21 of its Best Price branded wholesale chain in the country. The retailing giant had bought the 50% share from Bharti Enterprises in the cash-and-carry joint venture after the alliance ended in October 2013. Analysts say that it has become imperative for Walmart to move forward with its strategy on selling directly to Indian consumers after Amazon.com in February applied to the government to invest $515 million into a venture that would sell foods online and through physical stores, becoming the first global retail titan to take advantage of the policy. “Globally, Amazon is nimblefooted and led by founder Jeff Bezos himself, while Walmart is weighed down by bureaucracy that delays decisions. But things may change now as Walmart has started to catch up in some areas,” said Harminder Sahni, founder of retail consultancy firm Wazir Advisors. Last year, India allowed 100% subsidiaries of global companies to sell food products through brick-and-mortar stores and the Web as long as the products were locally produced. The BJP government, that has otherwise opposed foreign supermarkets into India, said the policy change was aimed at creating jobs, helping farmers, and reducing India’s notorious food wastage that is blamed on the country’s antiquated supply chain. After the policy was unveiled, New Delhi had hoped that global chains such as Walmart or Tesco would welcome the foodonly retailing: However, overseas retailers were lukewarm to the proposal, suggesting that only low-margin food items do not make such businesses viable. According to a source, Walmart had asked the government to let it sell some non-food grocery items to make the proposal workable. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Hit big savings on insurance with State Farm® State Farm Insurance The Top 50 Longest Living Countries FindTheData — By Graphiq How many clips can you guess correctly? Getyarn More from The Times of India Why do you ask when I’ll die, Jethmalani asks SC Mollywood's lesbian outing 46 Assam mullahs issue fatwa against singer Nahid Afrin From the Web More From The Times of India Find a State Farm® agent near you!State Farm Insurance The 20 Most Generous Billionaires In The WorldAfriZap Hotel Prices You Just Can't Beattripsinsider.com Most Dangerous Dog Breeds in the WorldPressRoomVIP 8 Key Minerals Essential for HealthFitsMag 22-year-old becomes youngest IIT teacher - Times of India Jayasudha's husband Nitin Kapoor commits suicide bjp owaisi: Asaduddin Owaisi says Muslim vote-bank is a myth ‘Sleep with a brahmin to rid yourself of doshas' Shikha Singh quits 'Kumkum Bhagya' - Times of India ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular India lost Rs 12 lakh crore due to BJP's opposition to GST, says Moily How Jaitley countered Chidambaram's concerns on Aadhaar Australian cricketers are no longer friends, says Virat Kohli Windows 10 Laptops Start At $189. Ad: Microsoft 13 Weirdest Hotels You Can Stay in for Fun Ad: Viral Vacation Ideas Race for GST: Lok Sabha passes key tax reform bills The historic Goods and Services Tax (GST) regime came a step closer to meet its July 1 target of rollout, with the Lok Sabha approving four supplementary legislations. The Central GST Bill, 2017; The Integrated GST Bill, 2017; The GST (Compensation to States) Bill, 2017; and The Union Territory GST Bill, 2017 were passed after negation of a host of amendments moved by the opposition parties. Sensex jumps 122 points ahead of F&O expiry Benchmark equity indices, BSE Sensex and NSE Nifty, ended higher led by short coverings by market participants ahead of the March derivatives contract expiry. The 50-share Nifty index closed 43 points up at 9,143.8, while the 30-share Sensex settled 121.91 points up at 29,531.43. From around the Web Adith Is fighting something Worse Than Cancer MILAAP Join the all-rounder of insurance State Farm Insurance Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell Developers The 8 Countries Where You Can Go To College For Free WomensArticle.com More From The Times of India White man shouts 'go back to Lebanon' to Sikh-American girl Times of India Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India Times of India OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Times of India Read MoreWalmart india storesWalMart Indiawalmartmake in IndiaKrish Iyer Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners No merger finalised yet, but I believe in consolidation: Uday Kotak No relief to those who defaulted on IDS instalment, says CBDT Nation now gets ready for GST in next three months Govt has taken note of fall in revenue due to telecom war: Manoj Sinha 1Walmart okay with selling only Made-in-India products: India CEO 2No merger finalised yet, but I believe in consolidation: Uday Kotak 3No relief to those who defaulted on IDS instalment, says CBDT 4Nation now gets ready for GST in next three months 5Govt has taken note of fall in revenue due to telecom war: Manoj Sinha Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends GST Bill  Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli BS 3 Vehicles  Tata Tigor Samsung Galaxy S8 Mahakaushal express BS-III vehicles list GST Bill Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Samsung S8 India vs Australia Virat Kohli Yogi Adityanath Breaking News GST Bill Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Trending topics Shiv Sena MP Samsung Galaxy S8 Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli GST Bill PM Modi Sunny Leone Sunny Leone Hot Pics Sunny Leone Photos Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Education NewsSports News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Industry Last Modified: Thu, Mar 30 2017. 10 20 AM IST India may ease rules for foreign food retail before November India allows 100% investment by foreign wholesalers, but if they want to access the burgeoning retail market, they can only have a 100% holding to sell food items Subscribe to our newsletter. Shruti Srivastava Food accounts for about 70% of India’s $600 billion retail market. Photo: Mint New Delhi: Following calls from global retail giants such as Walmart Stores Inc. and Tesco Plc, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is set to decide by November whether India is prepared to ease strict rules on food retailers, a minister said on Tuesday. India allows 100% investment by foreign wholesalers, but if they want to access the burgeoning retail market, they can only have a 100% holding to sell food items. This forces them to overhaul their businesses instead of replicating models that have worked abroad, Harsimrat Kaur Badal, minister for food processing industries, said in an interview at her official residence in New Delhi. “Walmart, Tesco, etc. have said that they should be allowed non-food items and that’s a decision the government has to take now,” she said. “The government’s decision will come before the World Food India event being organized for November.” The government is looking at allowing global companies with a permit to sell local food items to market made-in-India non-food products such as toothpaste and towels worth about 25% of total sales, an official with the knowledge of the matter had said earlier this month. One of the reasons for current restrictions is that small traders have traditionally formed the backbone of Modi’s Bharatiya Janata Party, though that could change following his landslide victory in state elections this month. The proposals can also help Modi’s flagship Make in India campaign to boost local manufacturing. While India attracted $324 billion foreign direct investment from 2000 through the end of 2016, the biggest share of $58 billion has gone to services and only about $14 billion has come into trading. Since coming to power in 2014, Modi has allowed more foreign direct investment and the government on Wednesday took another step toward meeting its 1 July deadline to create a common market under a single national sales tax. Nearly 45% of the average Indian household’s consumption is on food, according to World Bank data. Food accounts for about 70% of India’s $600 billion retail market, and the government is looking at tripling this over the next five years, Badal said. Global companies “are willing to adapt to Indian ways to tap the Indian market,” she said. If allowed to sell non-food items too, they will foster competition and so “companies which will have the edge are the few who will adapt to what we are allowing and come and capture the market.” Bloomberg Shruti Srivastava Topics: Foreign food retailers Foreign food foreign food retail India Walmart Tesco More From Livemint READ MORE Raimund Genes, Trend Micro CTO and EmTech India keynote speaker, dies at 54 Samsung Galaxy S8: Any more wow factor than Google Pixel XL? People’s Bank of China raises money rates twice this year First Published: Thu, Mar 30 2017. 10 17 AM IST Editor's Picks GST: The final countdown begins All GST bills passed in Lok Sabha for uniform taxation across India Why Sebi’s silence in the NSE case is dangerous Latest News Raimund Genes, Trend Micro CTO and EmTech India keynote speaker, dies at 54 Samsung Galaxy S8: Any more wow factor than Google Pixel XL? People’s Bank of China raises money rates twice this year Theresa May’s opening Brexit bid to tie security to trade hits wall Proportion of women directors up 180%, but gender diversity lags in India: Survey Mint On Sunday When songs from rural grind mills make it online Musings from the IISc Open Day: Bringing science to the masses How to get rich like Warren Buffett Secrets from the highest-grossing restaurant in New York Letter from... a biennale TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Why Alphabet Inc Needs to Act Fast to Reassure Advertisers Some of the biggest household names are threatening to pull their ad spend from YouTube if the company fails to address the problem of objectionable content. Chris Hill (TMFWizard) Mar 29, 2017 at 10:58PM In this podcast, the Market Foolery team turns its attention to the latest controversy at YouTube as major advertisers have complained about their ads appearing next to objectionable videos. As the online advertising race between Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG) and Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) intensifies, the internet giant has no choice but to address the issue quickly. To wrap up the show, the team also answers a listener question for Canadian investors before discussing the state of March Madness. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on March 27, 2017. Chris Hill: It's Monday, March 27th. Welcome to Market Foolery. I'm Chris Hill. Joining me in studio today, from Million Dollar Portfolio, Jason Moser; and from Stock Advisor Canada, Taylor Muckerman. Happy Monday! Jason Moser: Hey, now! Taylor Muckerman: We're doing it! Hill: We are doing it. Welcome back! You've been busy. Muckerman: Yeah, a couple weeks. You were at South by Southwest. We've been overlapping each other. Hill: There we go. It's good to have you back in the studio. Muckerman: It's good to be back. Hill: We're going to dip into the Fool mailbag. We have to start with a story that's been brewing for a little while. I'll be honest. This is a story, I saw a headline on this a week or two ago, and it registered like, huh, that's interesting, and it continues to balloon. This is the fact that a week ago, Google formally apologized for running customer's ads alongside objectionable videos. We've talked before about YouTube and how important it is in the world of search, and how it's one of the most popular places to search. And you see these stories about, if YouTube was a stand-alone company, it'd be worth somewhere in the neighborhood of $75 billion. Google makes this apology a week ago, and here we are a week later, and I guess, among other things, Jason, probably a reminder that YouTube is a really big place with lots of videos, and therefore it's hard even for the owners to monitor it. The Wall Street Journal had this big story about how Coca-Cola, Microsoft, Amazon, Procter & Gamble, these mainstream brands, are still seeing their ads alongside videos with racist content, anti-Semitic, all of this stuff where the advertisers, rightfully so, say, "I don't want my ads next to that." Moser: Yeah. We're going to hit a point here, sooner or later, it's going to be like you do with your kids, they can say sorry only so many times before you're like, "I get that you're sorry. Just don't do it again. I'm not looking for sorry anymore." So, I think with Google and YouTube, this is obviously something that's a big deal. It's not something that immediately impacts their bottom line. When we talk about the bread and butter for Google's money-making machine, it's search advertising. But, there's a good percentage, close to 20% of that money, comes through advertising with third-party customers. So, when ads go next to objectionable content, of course, those parties are going to express concern, they want to know what's going on, why is this happening, and what are you going to do to make it stop? Because there is no middle ground here. It's just, flat-out, "This is unacceptable, don't let it happen anymore." This is sort of one of those things with this age of automation, as we go more toward automating everything, particularly on the consumer-facing side, I think it's really difficult to ever fall back on the old, "Well, the algorithm did it, it wasn't our fault." Because, ultimately, someone built the algorithm.  I think what Google needs to figure out here is, what is happening to make this happen, and how do they fix it? And whether it is through technology, whether it's through humanizing it a little bit more, and actually bringing on more people to add a human touch to these customer relationships, they need to do something with this before this gets out of hand. We've talked about this a lot, especially in MDP, we own shares of Alphabet, and we own shares of Facebook: We own a far larger position in Facebook, and part of the reason for that is, when you look at the direction things are headed in social, and in internet behavior, there's no question that Facebook is becoming a place, not just Facebook, but its properties, whether it's WhatsApp or Instagram or whatever properties they buy in the future, that's a place where eyeballs go to hang out for a while. Google is more utilitarian in nature, right? You need some information, you find it on Google, and you go to your next place. Facebook is catching up very quickly. They've expressed some concerns that perhaps the last decade was the Google decade, and perhaps this next decade is the Facebook decade. If that is the case, and the numbers certainly point toward that, the argument could at least be made there, Google has got to figure out something yesterday as to how to address this and fix it, because blaming it on the technology is not going to fly. Muckerman: I'm pretty confident that they're going to figure out a way to fix it. Especially when you're talking about Facebook, they had the whole issue around the election with fake news on their site. And you had a group of college kids come out and make an algorithm that was able to identify fake news on the site, and they've been able -- not using their algorithm, but, Facebook has been able to address that. I'm confident that Google will. You talk about big headlines about this, but I'm waiting for the headline to come out that says, right now, people think that less than 1% of Google's revenue is at risk because of this. It's a $90 billion revenue company, I've seen headlines that say $750 million might come off of YouTube's revenue in 2017 because of this. Bigger fraction of YouTube's revenue, but you're not just an investor in YouTube when you buy a stock in Alphabet. So, I'm still confident that they'll figure it out. And between the two of them, Facebook and Google, they're pretty much the only two that are growing in the digital ad space. So, I find it hard to believe that advertisers are going to completely move away from Google. Right now, Facebook is really the only alternative, and that space would become far too crowded too quickly if there was a mass exodus from Google. I'm fairly confident that, because you said 20% of their revenue comes from that search advertising, they're going to figure this out. Hill: It is a small amount of money, and yet, when you look at the headline of Pepsi, Starbucks, General Motors, Wal-Mart have pulled some of their ad spend with YouTube. Those are big-name companies. I think, if you're Facebook, you're not throwing a parade over this, but I think if you're selling video advertising for Facebook, you're on the phone to different media agencies, and I also think television networks. If you're a broadcast network or cable network, to use your phrase, Jason, you're putting the human touch to work, and you're calling these companies and saying, "Listen, don't take a risk with the programmatic algorithm approach to YouTube. You know what you're going to get with our networks, and you're going to get something that associates well with your brand." Muckerman: With some of those companies you mentioned, those are companies that can afford to pull back for a week or two on advertising and make a statement. That's almost advertising in itself. They're still advertising using Google's name, just not using Google's platform. So, I think they'll come back eventually. Probably not too far down the line. Those brands are brands already. You're probably looking at the smaller players, questioning whether or not they can afford to back off of Google's platform a little bit more than Coke or Pepsi. Moser: Yeah, and I think it's also worth noting, for the longest time, YouTube has been synonymous with online video. That's what got this ball rolling. And they've enjoyed such a phenomenal competitive position for so long. What an acquisition Google made for ... what did they buy it for? Hill: $1.6 billion. Muckerman: Pennies on the current dollar. Hill: And the reason I remember it was $1.6 billion is because I was one of the people saying, "Boy, they sure did pay a lot of money for that." Moser: So, I think you fast forward today and you see how this competitive environment has changed, Google and YouTube are not the only players in the online video space. And you see all sorts of companies, from Facebook and Twitter to Verizon and AT&T developing their online video offerings. To your point, I think it's very easy to see these customers pulling back for a week, a month, and saying, "Hey, let's reasses what's going on here." Google and YouTube are too big to say, "We don't want to be a part of your environment." That's just foregoing a tremendous reach that anybody in their right mind would want to be a part of. But, what it could do is, it could result in some pricing competition. It can certainly make Google have to get in there and compete a bit more on pricing, lose a bit, perhaps, of that pricing power, particularly as we ship to mobile, and we know those mobile advertisements are not nearly as lucrative as the desktops were, from a real estate perspective. But, these are smart people running a very, very big company. The solution to this really is as simple as, listen to your customers and give them what they want. So, from that perspective, I don't see any reason why they can't fix it. I guess it's going to be interesting to see how they fix it, and how quickly they go about fixing it, because they don't enjoy that same competitive position that they enjoyed, perhaps, five years ago. Hill: Our email address is marketfoolery@fool.com. From Matt Saunders in Nestleton, Ontario. "I was hoping you could explain the effects of currency exchange on stock purchases. I'm in Canada and our dollar is quite low compared to the U.S. dollar. However, it wasn't too many years ago, we peaked a little higher than the U.S. dollar. My concern is that if I buy a U.S. company at this point and the dollar rises again, will that work against the value of the U.S. company that I purchased? Or does buying on the TSX compensate for that somehow? Thanks for all your help with this. P.S. please tell Steve Broido, we just made a trip to Orlando and had a great visit to an Olive Garden there. Definitely a fan." Steve will appreciate that, I'm sure. Muckerman: Yeah. Thanks for listening all the way from Ontario. This was a question that we receive quite often in Stock Advisor Canada, Pro Canada, and now Dividend Investor Canada. We put a special report about this a couple years back. Over those couple years, not much has changed. Remain to see the Canadian dollar still trading below the U.S. dollar. I think right now, it's around $0.75 to the U.S. dollar. As you did mention earlier in the 2000s, the Canadian dollar did peak around $1.20 to the U.S. dollar. That ramp-up really did cramp Canadian investors' returns when you look at it, from investing in the U.S. dollar. When the Canadian dollar does appreciate, you lose a little bit there when you sell back into the Canadian market. So, what we generally tell our members to do is, A) we absolutely recommend investing in the U.S. market, because when you look at the Canadian market, about two-thirds of it relies on the energy, financials, and the materials sector, two very volatile sectors, in the energy and materials sector and then financials, really, the bulk of that is driven by the big banks, TD, Scotia, CIBC, BMO, and RBC. They're very highly concentrated if you don't move outside of the Canadian market. When you look at the largest sector in the U.S., IT, I think that's around almost 22% of the S&P, it's 2.7% of the S&P TSX. So, you're missing out on a lot of potential growth there. And less than 1% of the S&P TSX is healthcare. If you think about that, you're missing out on some huge potential growth there. It was a little higher, but Valeant obviously reduced the share of that overall market when that fell precipitously over the last couple years.  But, the long-term average of the Canadian dollar to the U.S. dollar is right around $0.85. There's about 13% upside from where it is right now until it reaches the long-term average, I think we have information going back to 1971 on our site. That's over 30 to 40 years of data with the long-term average of $0.85 to the U.S. dollar. So, you're not far away from that. Compared to that $1.20 you saw in the early 2000s, we view that as a one-off event, especially with oil where it is these days, and the likelihood that remains subdued as compared to when it was over $100, which, coincidentally, timed very well with when it was peaking with the U.S. dollar there. So, we advocate people considering the Canadian dollar to the U.S. dollar exchange rate, but we don't say, "Just invest Canadian only." Put some dollars into a separate account, leave them there for the long-term so you don't have to pay the cost to exchange back and forth, because banks do charge for that. And you don't get charged if the company pays you a U.S. dollar dividend and you leave it in U.S. dollars. You don't get charged every time they deposit the dividend to your account. You only get charged if you put it back into CAD. So, if you're a long-term investor, we just say, create two accounts, one with Canadian dollars and one with U.S. dollars, and let it ride, because if you don't, you're going to miss out on tons of opportunity. TSX and TSX Venture stocks make up about 20% of the -- Hill: Toronto Stock Exchange. Muckerman: Yep. They make up about 20% of the total stocks available to you in U.S. markets. So, not only are you missing out on diversification, but you're missing out on opportunity, in terms of breadth of choices. So, don't let the currency fluctuations scare you away from it. That's our opinion. Hill: You've been to the Toronto Stock Exchange, haven't you? Muckerman: Yeah, it's pretty cool. We went there a few years ago, poked around when we were first launching Stock Advisor Canada in 2013. Been up there a couple times since, but to not the same fanfare that we went up there a few years back. Hill: Definitely a lot of fun. Fitting that I'm sitting with too proud sons of the Carolinas because, for any sports fans out there, the final four is set. We have Gonzaga, we have the University of North Carolina, we have Oregon, and we have, surprisingly, the University of South Carolina. And the potential for an all-Carolina final. Moser: Amazing. If you think about it this way, you had Clemson just win the National Championship in college football. There is still the potential, certainly, for the Gamecocks to go in there and win this thing in basketball. Which, I mean, there's no way that's ever been achieved before. Muckerman: They have to win this, because the likelihood of a potential rematch with North Carolina in the final, highly unlikely. Although, this could boost recruiting. Moser: About half of my graduating class in high school went to USC. The other half -- Hill: The other USC. Most people hear USC and they think University of Southern California. Moser: The East Coast, South Carolina. The other half went the Clemson. And I was the one lone straggler that went the opposite direction and went to a 15-person liberal arts college. Go, Wofford Terriers. Hill: Wait, isn't Wofford in North Carolina? Moser: Wofford is in South Carolina. You have Davidson that's in North Carolina. Muckerman: Steph Curry. Moser: But, wow, the finish to that game yesterday was ... Muckerman: The Carolina game? Yeah, my gosh. Moser: Yeah, it was unbelievable. I have to believe that right now, the Carolinas are figuring out a way to, perhaps, join together, erase that border. Hill: There was a story I read this morning -- and, obviously, there's so many millions of dollars involved in the NCAA basketball tournament. But one of the stories I read this morning was about the business impact in North and South Carolina. And, not surprisingly, bars and restaurants doing huge business over the weekend, and presumably will do it again next weekend. Moser: That'd be like one of those things in an earnings report where, that's one of those one-time events. So, when you're saying, "Well, we don't expect this next March, but we had a very robust beginning of 2017, thanks to ... " Hill: You're saying Jason's Barbecue and Sports Bar, in South Carolina, when it's reporting earnings in the spring of 2018, it's like, "Look, tough comp. Last year, we had the final four. We had Clemson in the football championship." Muckerman: Seriously. Clemson. USC has to catch up. Maybe think about extending Tobacco Road a little for their South. Hill: I don't know how big the concentration of Buffalo Wild Wings is in the Carolinas but I do remember -- Muckerman: There's quite a few. Hill: -- two years ago, when Tom Brady was first suspended by the NFL, and he was going to miss four games, and this was going into the fall of 2015, I do remember that on a conference call, there was an analyst who asked CEO Sally Smith, this analysts had the numbers and basically said, "Here's how many Buffalo Wild Wings locations are in New England. Tom Brady is going to miss," and he ended up appealing and not missing, but he missed the first four of this most recent season, but -- and I give credit to this analyst, he did his homework. It's just like, "Look, you have a bunch of Buffalo Wild Wings locations in New England. The star quarterback of the home team is going to miss the first four games. Are you factoring that?" Legit question. Moser: I guess my question here is, Oregon is with Under Armour, too. Hill: Wait a minute, Oregon? No, that's a Nike -- Moser: Is Oregon Nike? OK. I was just thinking, I saw something, I was looking at this headline, Oregon Signs Record-Breaking Apparel Deal With Under Armour, and -- Hill: Are you sure it's not Oregon State? Moser: No, it says Oregon. Hill: Because University of Oregon is Phil Knight's alma mater. Muckerman: Their football field is Nike sole turf. Moser: I'm aware! Let's go in and confirm this, but this is back from 2014, but Oregon signs record-breaking apparel deal with Under Armour. The deal was announced just hours after Phil Knight announced he would no longer allow Nike to be associated with Oregon, citing his frustration with a lack of national championships. Muckerman: This isn't The Onion? Moser: No, this is SB Nation. [laughs] I guess Phil Knight got sick of a bunch of losers! And he decided to bag it. If that's the case, how interesting that you would then have two representatives of Under Armour and two of Nike. Muckerman: So, Gonzaga and Carolina obviously -- Moser: Carolina is Nike, and I think Gonzaga is too. Oregon is the one I was questioning, because South Carolina is definitely Under Armour, and I think Oregon is, too. Muckerman: Michael Jordan hasn't eschewed Carolina just yet, I guess. Moser: That's pretty cool. Hill: Yes. And the University of Oregon women's team is in the regional final that's being played tonight. They're playing UConn. Muckerman: I'm so sorry for them. Moser: Right, I was going to say, why don't they just hand them the trophy? It's Connecticut, can they really ... Hill: You know what? That's what amazing Cinderella stories are made out of. Moser: At some point, everybody thought Kentucky was going to win, but Wisconsin, was it Wisconsin? Hill: Yeah, back in the day, a couple years ago. Look, if Goliath was undefeated, where's the fun in that? We need David to knock off Goliath every once in awhile. So who knows? The lady Ducks might get it done against UConn. Muckerman: Lady Ducks and the Gamecocks.  Hill: That's your lead story, by the way, if the UConn women don't end up winning the national championship. All right, Jason Moser, Taylor Muckerman thanks for being here, guys. Muckerman: Cheers! Moser: Thank you! Hill: As always, people on the program may have interests in the stocks they talk about, and The Motley Fool may have recommendations for or against, so don't buy or sell stocks based solely on what you hear. That's going to do it for this edition of Market Foolery. The show is mixed by Dan Boyd. I'm Chris Hill. Thanks for listening, we'll see you tomorrow! Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Chris Hill owns shares of Amazon, Coca-Cola, Starbucks, and Under Armour (C Shares). Jason Moser owns shares of Nike, Starbucks, Twitter, Under Armour (A Shares), and Under Armour (C Shares). Taylor Muckerman owns shares of Alphabet (C shares), Amazon, Starbucks, Twitter, and Under Armour (C Shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Amazon, Buffalo Wild Wings, Facebook, Nike, PepsiCo, Starbucks, Twitter, Under Armour (A Shares), Under Armour (C Shares), Valeant Pharmaceuticals, and Verizon Communications. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Chris Hill (TMFWizard) Full-time host of the Motley Fool Money radio show, MarketFoolery podcast, and other things. Part-time connoisseur of movies, basketball & fine bourbon. Article Info Mar 29, 2017 at 10:58PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $849.87 up $9.24 (1.10%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $142.65 up $0.89 (0.63%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $831.41 up $10.49 (1.28%) Read More Facebook's New App Won't Kill Snap Stock The 3 Best Dividend Stocks in Computers Intel Accelerates Its Ongoing Transformation With Mobileye NV Acquisition Better Buy: Verizon Communications Inc. vs. AT&T The 3 Best Firewall Companies to Buy in 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Why Alphabet Inc Needs to Act Fast to Reassure Advertisers @themotleyfool #stocks $GOOGL, $FB, $GOOG
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Counties Sports Business Things to Do Dining Music Life Opinion Obituaries Archives Insider E-Edition USA TODAY Media Policing the USA Games Classifieds Jobs Local Public Notices USA TODAY NETWORK TPA Public Notices Homes Moonlighting More Home News Counties Sports Business Things to Do Dining Music Life Opinion Obituaries Archives Insider E-Edition USA TODAY Media Policing the USA Games Classifieds Jobs Local Public Notices USA TODAY NETWORK TPA Public Notices Homes Moonlighting Follow Search User Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 318 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Man accused of urinating on 50 pairs of childrens shoes at Walmart Phillip Lightfoot has been arrested on accusations of urinating on 50 pairs of children's shoes at Walmart. Post to Facebook Man accused of urinating on 50 pairs of childrens shoes at Walmart Phillip Lightfoot has been arrested on accusations of urinating on 50 pairs of children's shoes at Walmart.  Check out this story on Tennessean.com: http://tnne.ws/2ozYdCt {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Man accused of urinating on 50 pairs of childrens shoes at Walmart Jen Todd , USA TODAY NETWORK – Tennessee 5:01 p.m. CT March 29, 2017 Phillip Lightfoot was arrested for urinating on shoes at the Hendersonville Walmart. (Photo: Hendersonville Police Department) 318 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Hendersonville police arrested a man Tuesday accused of publicly urinating on 50 pairs of children's shoes at Walmart, valued at approximately $550. Phillip Lightfoot is being charged with vandalism under $1,000, criminal trespass, disorderly conduct and violation of probation. The police department received the complaint from Walmart March 5. Walmart discarded the shoes. Lightfoot is being held at the Sumner County Jail without bond and is scheduled to appear in General Sessions court April 10. Reach reporter Jen Todd at 615-575-7143, jtodd1@gannett.com or on Twitter @jentoddwrites. Read or Share this story: http://tnne.ws/2ozYdCt TOP VIDEOS Nashville's R.A. Dickey among oldest major leaguers 1:04 Darrell Waltrip on how the new stages in NASCAR races have gone over. 0:55 Important things to know about the rest of the Predators' season 0:25 A temporary home for Tennessee women battling addiction 1:56 Chandler Day nearly gets no-hitter 0:42 Why Dansby Swanson is still a Braves rookie 0:59 Judge Casey Moreland charged, taken into custody 7:55 TBI gives update on Elizabeth Thomas disappearance 1:19 Nakiesha Hunter speaks about having to leave her home 1:56 Bryce Drew recaps first Vanderbilt season 1:37
Sign In Register Home Subscribe Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Vacation Hold Report a problem eEdition Submit News About Us About Us Become a distributor Customer Care Contact Us Advertising Advertising Place an ad Our Partners Our Partners VIP Magazine Hardin County News Jasper Newsboy Lakecaster Southeasttexas Classifieds Archives Careers Local Were you 'Seen'? Crime Weather Communities Communities Orange County Hardin County Kountze Lumberton Silsbee Sour Lake Lakes Region Buna Jasper Kirbyville Newton Woodville Mid-County Groves Nederland Port Arthur Port Neches Sabine Pass Orange County Bridge City Mauriceville Vidor Bolivar Peninsula Chambers County Liberty County cat5 Travel Travel Galveston Bolivar Houston - Kemah Archives Best of Everything Guide Accused Lumberton booster embezzler tells judge she is indigent Neches River Festival king unveiled Lamar students get real dose of virtual fun at campus video game Beaumont Rep. has a little fun with House vote US & World Nation World Louisiana Texas Hot Topics 'Dreamer' reunites with family, says he's hopeful for future Severe storms expected in Mississippi Valley, Dixie Alley NTSB to begin probe of Texas bus-truck crash that killed 13 Living by the sword: Carving a niche making warrior blades A&E Calendar Seen Movies TV Comics Puzzles Horoscopes Games Lottery Photo Sponsored Articles St. Louis services set for April 9 for rock icon Chuck Berry Talent agency Wilhelmina signs rapper Nicki Minaj Family and close friends say goodbye to George Michael ACMs play to a loyal country audience to shore up ratings cat5 Sports High School Lamar The NFL College Football Outdoors The Huddle In the Cards Baseball Golf Basketball Houston Astros Houston Rockets Houston Texans Other sports PN-G baseball tops Nederland, stays perfect in 22-5A Lamar softball sweeps Alcorn State in doubleheader LU announces notable speakers for coaches clinic Super Gold Boys Basketball Team Business Technology Texas Business Nation & World Fuel Fix Business Directory Sponsored Content Beaumont Rice Mills turns 125 Port Neches animal groomer takes her work on the road Downtown library to re-open Tuesday JC Penney stores in SETX spared for now Obits Opinion Editorials Letters Submit a Letter Columns Cartoons 'Toon Time 3-29-17 'Toon Time 3-27-17 'Toon Time 3-25-17 'Toon Time 3-24-17 Cars Jobs Latest Local Job Videos Compare your salary Homes SETX Real Estate The most expensive Lumberton homes on the market $5 million French-style Kirbyville home for sale Century-old downtown Orange building for sale offers eclectic, Million-dollar homes on the market in Beaumont Find & Save MenuSections http://www.beaumontenterprise.com/news/crime/silsbeeredesign1/article/Beaumont-teens-accused-of-armed-robberies-at-11037312.php Beaumont teens accused of Hardin County armed robberies The Enterprise Updated 5:27 pm, Wednesday, March 29, 2017 Two Beaumont teens were arrested in Hardin County on Wednesday, accused of using a gun to rob a house in Silsbee, a customer in the parking lot of a Silsbee convenience store, and in the attempted robbery of a woman in the parking lot of the Lumberton Walmart. Additionally, the teens are accused of leading police on a chase. The teens, both 16, allegedly had firearms when they approached a woman in the parking lot of Walmart, located on U.S. 69 in Lumberton, according to information from the Hardin County Sheriff's Office. The intended victim, was able to drive away safely, the department announced in a news release. The same teens are suspected of then robbing a home on Fresenius Road near Silsbee before approaching someone in the parking lot of a Silsbee convenience store and robbing him a gunpoint. A Silsbee police detective spotted a vehicle matching the description of the car used in the robberies and attempted to pull the driver over near Lee Miller Road, the release said. The driver continued eastbound on FM 418 until crashing in a construction zone. Two people exited the vehicle and ran into a wooded area, where they were arrested within minutes, the department said. The vehicle was reportedly stolen from Lumberton. LBatson@BeaumontEnterprise.com Top Stories At least 12 dead in Texas church group crash Updated: Kountze woman killed in Hardin Co. accident Beaumont cop under criminal, internal investigation Poles, trees down in Tyler Co. from suspected tornado Grand jury indicts 3 in auto burglaries SO: Unlucky man caught keying cars at casino Report: Teens taking selfies hit by plane, killed Authorities: Cops shoot one of their own during celebration Beaumont Fire responds to storm-related fire Beaumont teens accused of Hardin County armed robberies Local News Beaumont Fire responds to storm-related fire Beaumont cop under criminal, internal investigation Beaumont teens accused of Hardin County armed robberies Possible tornado pushes down poles, trees in Tyler County LIT announces new workplace safety courses Latest News Videos View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Subscriber Services Advertising Careers Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Contact Us eEdition Connect Facebook Twitter Google Instagram Hearst Newspapers © Hearst Newspapers, II LLC
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Principals purchase Fayetteville firm Garrison Financial Wal-Mart eyes drones in stores, invests in sports marketing and Chilean business unit Fort Smith sales tax numbers outperforming expectations through February Revenue concerns likely first issue for Arkansas Blue Ribbon tax panel Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Senate votes for medical marijuana tax Revenue concerns likely first issue for Arkansas Blue Ribbon tax panel State lawmakers close out budget for 2017 session, concerns about budget shortfall noted Panel says no to bill requiring pricing in bids President Trump signs order to repeal Obama administration’s climate change rules, Arkansas officials cheer Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Principals purchase Fayetteville firm Garrison Financial Wal-Mart eyes drones in stores, invests in sports marketing and Chilean business unit Fort Smith sales tax numbers outperforming expectations through February Rogers-based Ecoark restructures management, seeks to raise $8 million in new capital Video / Podcasts Rep. Crawford surprised by Comey disclosure, ‘all options’ on table with North Korea Rep. Crawford’s concerns on health care reform center on government role, legislative process U.S. Rep. Womack: A ‘lean yes’ on Ryan health care plan, wants changes on House floor Sen. John Boozman: Nothing ‘off the table’ including military options on North Korean aggression U.S. Rep. Hill likes tone of Trump SOTU speech but wants more specifics Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Truck driver turnover rate falls to 71% Truck drivers shed weight in health challenge, fight high obesity rate The Supply Side: Walmart U.S. focusing more on health and wellness Braswell replaces Kirk as director on ATA council Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Wal-Mart eyes drones in stores, invests in sports marketing and Chilean business unit BusinessLatest NewsNorthwest Arkansas by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 10 hours ago 115 views  Tags: drones Wal-Mart Stores 0 SHARES Share Tweet Wal-Mart Stores recently received a U.S. patent for a system that would allow the retailer to use drones to move products between departments. Patent No. US 2017/0076354 was granted earlier this month with the inventors located in the retailer’s Bentonville home office named on the patent application. The retailer filed the patent application in September 2016. Essentially the patent would allow the retailer to fly drones over customers’ heads in its stores. In the application Wal-Mart said there is a need to improve customer experience and convenience. The example provided by Wal-Mart involved using drones to gather items from the back room that the shopper purchased online and is picking up in store. The present system requires a store worker locate and bring the item out to the shopper. If there isn’t an employee available then the customer pick up is delayed, translating into a non-favorable experience. Using a drone is a way to leverage technology to better serve customers. Wal-Mart also noted in its application that increasing competition from online-only retailers requires brick and mortar players to re-think convenience models and continue to improve the overall shopping and pick up experience. Wal-Mart’s patent allows store computer systems to command the drone flights as needed. The drones themselves would have sensors to detect obstacles. Stores using drones would also have to create several drone landing zones, some of which might be within a customer’s sight. Wal-Mart has not said if or when it plans to use the drones in its stores for product retrieval. The retailer has said it was testing drones in its retail operations, including distribution and fulfillment centers. SPORTS MARKETING DEAL Wal-Mart Stores has inked a three-year marketing deal with the Oak View Group, sports promotion company for professional hockey and basketball. The deal is reportedly valued at $40 million and involves 21 sports arenas around the country such as the The Forum in Los Angeles and the United Center in Chicago that will call Wal-Mart their “official big box retailer.” The deal also allows Walmart U.S. to market itself to sports fans by calling attention to a new program dubbed “Walmart Community Players” which celebrates local residents who work in education, fighting hunger and sustainability which align with the retail giant’s corporate endeavors. Oak View said this is the first time it has worked with the Bentonville-based retailer, and the deal allows Wal-Mart to reach 70 million people a year through the high profile sports facilities. Dan Griffs, co-owner of Oak View Group, recently told the media that Wal-Mart liked the national platform with arenas located in the top 25 markets and this one contract provides economies of scale. Wal-Mart declined to comment on this new marketing deal, but Chief Marketing Officer Tony Rogers recently told suppliers the retailer was looking to grow its marketing partnerships with the Oscars, Food network and professional sports. He said the new marketing strategy looks to “infuse the brand into pop culture.” Recently Wal-Mart was an official sponsor of the Academy Awards and Rogers said the retailer will use popular, recognizable music to score their ads. He said using hit songs improves consumer scoring of the ads. CHILEAN INVESTMENT Wal-Mart Stores also said it will invest $800 million in its Chilean retail brand Lider in the next three years, despite the nation’s sluggish economic growth largely tied to copper mining. Walmart International will open between 55 and 60 new Lider supermarkets and remodel 50 stores while also adding a large distribution center near Santiago. This investment will also mean 5,000 new jobs created in country by 2020. The distribution center is under construction with a projected cost of $180 million and it will employ 2,000 workers when completed next year. Walmart Chile also plans to improve its online division and the new fulfillment center could help with that effort. Officials with Walmart Chile released the following statement regarding the recent announcement: “We are confident in the future potential of the country, and we are convinced that spaces exist to continue expanding our low-cost model. Both in the high and low moments of the economic cycle, consumers are always interested in using their budget efficiently, and this will continue being our focus.” Walmart International first entered Chile in 2009 by taking a majority stake in Chile’s largest grocer. Walmart Chile is based in Santiago and now operates 363 retail stores under four brands, Lider Express and Lider Hyper, Superbodega Acuenta, and the convenience format Ekono. Walmart Chile employs about 49,000. Comments comments Previous post Fort Smith sales tax numbers outperforming expectations through February Next post Principals purchase Fayetteville firm Garrison Financial Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Gov. Asa Hutchinson Gov. Hutchinson: Legislative accomplishments and ‘greater milestones’ Vicki Vasser-Jenkins Estate planning and potential pitfalls Eva Madison Laws that apply to liability lawsuits are changing Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, the politics of color, and celebrating creativity Gov. Asa Hutchinson Touting tourism Latest Popular Senate votes for medical marijuana tax 7 hours ago Principals purchase Fayetteville firm Garrison Financial 9 hours ago Wal-Mart eyes drones in stores, invests in sports marketing and Chilean business unit 10 hours ago Fort Smith sales tax numbers outperforming expectations through February 10 hours ago Revenue concerns likely first issue for Arkansas Blue Ribbon tax panel 10 hours ago Fort Smith businessman seeks marijuana cultivation center, working to figure out a new industry 1,858 views Shandong Sun Paper files first permit application with ADEQ, incorporates with new Arkansas name of ‘Sun Bio’ 1,349 views Census estimate shows Northwest Arkansas continues to lead state in pace of population growth 1,256 views Van Buren downtown sees 12% growth in new businesses, more planned 1,143 views Rep. Gray selected to lead Arkansas Democrats 843 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Legal Notices Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Field Hockey Gymnastics Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Arts Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Tracy Morgan jokes about 2014 crash in stand-up set, report says Print Email Rajeev Dhir | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By Rajeev Dhir | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com The Star-Ledger Email the author | Follow on Twitter on March 29, 2017 at 4:53 PM comments Comedians are known for taking their real-life experiences with them when they hit the stage, and Tracy Morgan is no exception. The comedian used his 2014 car crash on the N.J. Turnpike during his stand-up set on Tuesday at the Garden of Laughs comedy benefit at Madison Square Garden, according to pagesix.com. "Everybody here knows I got hit by the (expletive) Walmart truck," he said to the audience, according to the report. The 48-year-old suffered serious injuries after a Wal-Mart truck crashed into his limo bus in Cranbury in July 2014. Fellow comedian James McNair was killed in the crash and several others were injured. Tracy Morgan thought about suicide after crash The driver, Kevin Roper, pleaded guilty to vehicular homicide and four counts of aggravated assault. Under the plea, Roper agreed to enter a pre-trial intervention program. He admitted to feeling fatigued while on the road. Wal-Mart reportedly paid Morgan a hefty settlement. "When I was in a wheelchair, I still shopped at Wal-Mart. Still can't beat their prices, but because of my settlement everything went up a penny," he told the audience. Rajeev Dhir may be reached at rdhir@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @googasmammoo. Find NJ.com on Facebook. Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries N.J. News In Your Inbox From local news to politics to entertainment and sports, the twice daily Right Now eNewsletter has all of the New Jersey news you need! Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Get Healthy: Health & Fitness Info for N.J. N.J. tops many states on healthcare scorecard N.J. residents spend more minutes in doctors' waiting rooms Alzheimer's expert offers healthy eating tips to reduce your risk MORE HEALTH & FITNESS NEWS » Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
    Home | About | Archives | Sponsorship | Contact Us | Submit / Suggest       Kroger also scored high among the pure-play grocers in terms of its online grocery positioning compared with e-commerce giant Amazon, particularly as it related to pricing. But at the bottom of the list was Whole Foods Market.      Wal-Mart Is 'Best Positioned' In Online Grocery Battle Against Amazon by Jeff Daniels, CNBC Posted: Wednesday, March 29, 2017 at 3:37PM EDT Wal-Mart Stores appears "best positioned" among the major food retailers to capitalize on the next phase of growth in online grocery and take on Amazon, according to a new report from Citi Research. Kroger also scored high among the pure-play grocers in terms of its online grocery positioning compared with e-commerce giant Amazon, particularly as it related to pricing. But at the bottom of the list was Whole Foods Market. Citi looked at the potential winners and losers in the online grocery space using a five-point analysis that looked at factors such as profitability, brick-and-mortar pricing, online pricing, exposure to Seattle-based Amazon, as well as any early adopter advantage. To read the rest of the story, please go to: CNBC Print Article Send Article Respond Permalink Share Article   del.icio.us   Facebook   Newsvine   LinkedIn   Reddit   StumbleUpon   Twitter Bakery  Dairy  Deli  Floral   Meat & Poultry  Produce  Seafood  Retail & Foodsvc             Got News? Send your latest press releases and announcements to RetailPR@PerishableNews.com © 2017 Phoenix Media Network Inc., All Rights Reserved
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Amazon is shutting down Quidsi, after the Diapers.com parent failed to make money Lauren Thomas | @laurenthomasx3 12 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Drew Angerer | Getty Images Jeff Bezos, Chairman and founder of Amazon E-commerce giant Amazon is shutting down its Quidsi unit, the parent company of sites like Diapers.com and Soap.com, after it failed to reach profitability, the company said Wednesday. Amazon bought Quidsi in 2010 for around $500 million in cash, according to a press release. The packaged deal came with other sites such as Wag.com (pets), BeautyBar.com (luxury beauty), Yoyo.com (toys) and Casa.com (home goods). News of Amazon's decision to close this unit was first reported by Bloomberg on Wednesday. The shutdown will result in layoffs of more than 260 people, according to a New Jersey state filing. But Bloomberg reported that some of these employees will be able to apply for new positions at Amazon. "We have worked extremely hard for the past seven years to get Quidsi to be profitable, and unfortunately we have not been able to do so," an Amazon spokeswoman told CNBC in a statement. "Quidsi has great brand expertise and they will continue to offer selection on Amazon.com; the software development team will focus on building technology for AmazonFresh." Amazon hasn't confirmed when its Quidsi-affiliated sites will go offline. Quidsi's founder, Marc Lore, is now the chief executive officer of Jet.com, which was recently acquired by big-box retailer Wal-Mart for approximately $3 billion in cash. Since last September, Lore has served as the president and CEO of Wal-Mart's U.S. e-commerce platform, according to his LinkedIn profile. "I'm not sure which is more unpleasant — changing diapers, paying too much for them, or running out of them," Amazon Chief Executive Jeff Bezos said in 2010, following the news of the Quidsi acquisition. "This [acquisition] brings together two companies who are committed to providing great prices and fast delivery to parents, making one of the chores of being a parent a little easier and less expensive." It's 2017, and Amazon is now more focused on technology and specifically building out its AmazonFresh brand. Bezos' company announced earlier this week that it has plans to launch a drive-in-type grocery store for Amazon Prime members, where customers can shop online, reserve a time to pick up their groceries and have them loaded into their car at the store. AmazonFresh Pickup is one of Amazon's many ventures into more and more brick-and-mortar locations. The company may also be considering a furniture and home appliance showroom, according to The New York Times. — CNBC's Anita Balakrishnan contributed to this report. Lauren ThomasNews Associate for CNBC Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WMT --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous   
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading Photos Video Cindy Adams Richard Johnson Sub Menu 1 Sightings We Hear Just Asking Sub Menu 2 NY Post Decider Sign in nypost.com On Page Six: lamar odom celebrity divorces kardashians celebrity arrests bill cosby Sections Search Tips Sign in Page Six Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Tracy Morgan makes light of car accident in stand-up By Lindsey Kupfer View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) March 29, 2017 | 1:49pm Modal Trigger Tracy Morgan at the Garden Of Laughs comedy benefit Getty Images More On: tracy morgan Tracy Morgan 'shopped' the runway for his wife Tracy Morgan had 'to forgive that driver' after accident Tracy Morgan and wife role-play as Rob and Chyna during sex Truck driver who hit Tracy Morgan's van pleads guilty Tracy Morgan has incorporated his terrifying car accident into his comedy routine. “Everybody here knows I got hit by the f–king Walmart truck,” he said on Tuesday during his set at the Garden of Laughs comedy benefit at Madison Square Garden. “Could be worse, could be a Bob’s Discount Furniture truck.” He joked, “When I was in a wheelchair, I still shopped at Walmart. Still can’t beat their prices, but because of my settlement everything went up a penny.” In 2014, the 48-year-old comedian was severely injured when one of the retailer’s trucks hit a van carrying him and fellow comic James McNair, who died in the accident. Morgan reportedly got $90 million from Walmart when they settled their lawsuit in 2015. Morgan received a standing ovation from the audience when he took the stage on Tuesday night. John Oliver, Leslie Jones, Sebastian Maniscalco, Bob Saget, Chris Rock and surprise guest Jerry Seinfeld all performed at the charity event, which raised over $2 million for the Garden of Dreams Foundation. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under charity events ,  comedy ,  madison square garden ,  tracy morgan ,  walmart Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Justin Timberlake to perform at US Grand Prix Read Next Justin Timberlake to perform at US Grand Prix Most Popular This Week 1 Schumer loses cool with Trump supporter at swanky restaurant 2 Cuba Gooding Jr. sparks outrage and disgust 3 Shake-up causes drama at Glenn Beck's TheBlaze 4 Gwyneth answers all your burning questions about anal sex 5 'GMA' anchors 'sick' of Strahan getting special treatment 6 Why Hollywood can't stand Dax Shepard and Kristen Bell Share Selection Now On Ireland Baldwin shows some skin — and ink — in sexy beach snaps Kirstie Alley played key part in 'Fatal Attraction' stalker role Upcoming poker flick to disguise celebs' identities Angelina Jolie has her eyes on historic $25M mansion Anne Hathaway couldn't sit in premiere dress Bill Nighy's latest character is a 'lousy human being' UES parents feel royally screwed by Prince George school pick Ouch! Janet Hubert slams 'Fresh Prince' reunion Billionaire Philip Falcone selling St. Barts mansion for $57.4M YouTube star has fans lining up for new book Cristiano Ronaldo statue looks nothing like the soccer stud Edward Norton helping pal with controversial Hamptons golf resort Adele's no-touring claim just 'part of the shtick' Celebrities dish out advice to today's youth Actor Adam Pally busted for cocaine and weed in New York: cops Suri Cruise was crushed when Hillary Clinton lost Sarah Michelle Gellar finally picks Buffy's true love Oscars keeping accounting firm despite epic screw-up Vin Diesel chokes up paying tribute to Paul Walker John Legend surprises London commuters SEE ALL Sightings Justin Bieber having lunch at Burger & Barrel in Soho . . . SEE ALL Video 0:44 Blac Chyna drags her no-good baby daddy Tyga Trending Now 8,649 'GMA' anchors 'sick' of Strahan getting special treatment 6,062 Ireland Baldwin shows some skin — and ink — in sexy beach snaps 5,470 UES parents feel royally screwed by Prince George school pick 3,944 Lamar: Khloé knew I was using coke and cheating on her 3,791 Novak Djokovic drops millions on Miami condo Now On 10 Things You Didn’t Know About ‘The Godfather’ SEE ALL More Stories nypost That time Huma was asked to plan Hillary's funeral Now On Decider 5 Movies About Sex That Actually Make You Think pagesix 'GMA' anchors 'sick' of Strahan getting special treatment New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscope Living Classifieds More Page Six Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Page Six TV Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contacts Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link
Subscribe E-Newsletters Media File Contact Home Magazine Current Issue Archives Digital Edition Subscribe E-Newsletters Mobile Apps Transportation Material Handling Technology Strategy DCV-TV Channel 1: News and Exclusives Channel 2: Video Case Histories Channel 3: Videocasts Channel 4: Viewer Contributed Channel 5: Product and Service Profiles Upload Your Video Blogs Resources E-Newsletters Mobile Apps White Papers New Products Conference Guides Conference Reports Events Industry Press Room Home > Technology > Making the right connections Technology March 29, 2017 applications Making the right connections After a merger, SlimFast distributor HNS had just three months to add 60 new trading partners to its EDI network. Fortunately, its HighJump software was up to the challenge. By Ben Ames Comment Hyper Network Solutions LLC (HNS) made its name as a small distributor of nutritional supplements. Employing 10 to 15 people, the West Palm Beach, Fla.-based company developed consumer health and wellness products under the Healthy Delights brand name and distributed them to some 20 retailers. That all changed overnight in 2014 when the company was acquired by private equity firm Kainos Capital and merged with the high-profile SlimFast brand of ready-to-drink weight loss products. Suddenly, HNS was a company of 60 people distributing products to more than 80 retailers, including a particularly large customer called Wal-Mart Stores Inc. To help the distributor handle the growth, HNS's new owner upgraded the firm's enterprise resource planning (ERP) platform from The Sage Group PLC's mid-range Sage 100 product to the enterprise-class Sage X3 version. The new software was powerful, but HNS found itself struggling to implement the new tool while simultaneously revamping the electronic data interchange (EDI)-based business processes it used to track invoices. In essence, HNS's challenge was to expand its EDI tracking system to incorporate the SlimFast products and integrate with new suppliers and third-party logistics service providers (3PLs), all while keeping up with orders from big names like the aforementioned Walmart as well as CVS, Rite Aid, Safeway, Supervalu, Family Dollar, GNC, and Amazon. "Overnight, we had an additional 60 customers, with orders pouring in, and with a brand-new ERP system. It was a huge learning curve," says Rob MacFarlane, EDI systems manager for SlimFast and HNS Global. As a short-term fix, HNS hired a broker to manage the vital EDI connections that supported the flow of digital invoices between HNS and its trading partners. But the company's ultimate goal was to take over those relationships directly. To help with that job, HNS turned to HighJump Software Inc., the Minneapolis-based technology vendor that was already providing its TrueCommerce EDI platform for HNS's Sage X3 system. Because HighJump's TrueCommerce platform maintains integration modules for about 20 different ERP systems, the vendor was able to quickly switch HNS to its more advanced Sage platform. HighJump also provided software extensions that allowed HNS to seamlessly take over operations from its temporary broker while handling the flood of purchase orders and issuing documents like advance ship notices (ASNs), HighJump says. Today, HNS has established EDI links with 90 percent of its customers, allowing the necessary data to flow directly into its ERP system and then on to the 3PLs that handle HNS's fulfillment. Compared with manually handling the new orders—using print, e-mail, or fax—processing them with EDI is a lightning-fast operation. With EDI, HNS can validate every price, quantity, and SKU (stock-keeping unit) number while assigning most new orders to the appropriate warehouse within an hour of receipt, according to Haitham Ghadiry, HighJump's vice president of sales and marketing. "Before this was all set up, I would have to hire five temps in our peak season to handle invoicing and getting inventory through our system," HNS's MacFarlane says. "But now all our order management people do is handle exceptions, things that error-out because of a new item or a different address. The whole process is pretty much flawless." #Software & Systems #Logistics About the Author Ben Ames Senior Editor Ben Ames has spent 20 years as a journalist since starting out as a daily newspaper reporter in Pennsylvania in 1995. From 1999 forward, he has focused on business and technology reporting for a number of trade journals, beginning when he joined Design News and Modern Materials Handling magazines. Ames is author of the trail guide "Hiking Massachusetts" and is a graduate of the Columbia School of Journalism. More articles by Ben Ames Resources Mentioned In This Article Hyper Network Solutions (HNS) Sage Slimfast TrueCommerce Related Articles Freightos raises $25 million investment for logistics software RightHand Robotics launches piece-picking robot hand Fortna opens software office in Vietnam SensorThink launches warehouse execution system Digital logistics market set for 8.1 percent compound annual growth through 2022 More Videos » Technology Videos Orchestrating Your Next Best Move With Real-Time Visibility Logistics technology tools that matter Ruan: A Culture Enhanced by People, Process and Technology Join the Discussion After you comment, click Post. If you're not already logged in, you will be asked to log in or register. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Want more articles like this? Get a FREE subscription to DC Velocity. Feedback: What did you think of this article? We'd like to hear from you. DC VELOCITY is committed to accuracy and clarity in the delivery of important and useful logistics and supply chain news and information. If you find anything in DC VELOCITY you feel is inaccurate or warrants further explanation, please ?Subject=Feedback - : Making the right connections">contact Chief Editor David Maloney. All comments are eligible for publication in the letters section of DC VELOCITY magazine. Please include you name and the name of the company or organization your work for. Industry Press Room » Read the latest industry news from Trivalent/Getac, Industrial News Service – INS Oy/Ab, KROY Sign Systems, NYSHEX, Asendia USA, and more » More industry news » Submit your company's news Most Popular Articles 1. Coyote struggles for traction in UPS parent's larger infrastructure 2. Infographic: Logistics: nice work if you can get it 3. The empires strike back 4. Teamsters plan broad organizing push into global supply chain 5. A "cloudier" future for warehousing software? 6. FMCSA to scrap carrier safety proposal; will wait until NAS completes study 7. XPO closes purchase of Con-way; layoffs begin within Con-way system 8. Dell launches compact computers for mounting on trucks and trailers 9. Smartglasses get a second look from warehouses 10. Central Freight acquires Wilson Trucking News from our sister publication Starved for resources? What do you mean, "without the anxiety"? What growing nationalism may mean for procurement Supply chain integration and optimization: The keys to realizing deal value How Ford is collaborating with suppliers to green its supply chain Home Subscribe News Feeds Archives E-Newsletters Advertising Customer Care Contact About Staff List Privacy Policy Site Map © Copyright 2017 DC Velocity, a publication of Agile Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved.
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports ESPNChicago.com Hungry Hound Disability Issues Health Weather Sketchers Web Cameras Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios Chicago Proud Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us NEWS Man steals cell phone from 4-year-old inside Walmart Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc7chicago.com/video/embed/?pid=1822856" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> A man has been arrested after police say he stole a cell phone from a 4-year-old girl inside a Walmart store in Florida. (WPVI) WPVI Wednesday, March 29, 2017 11:42AM A man has been arrested after police say he stole a cell phone from a 4-year-old girl inside a Walmart store in Florida. Little Angelina's father, Nelson Quiles, says he was so eager to catch the crook who stole his daughter's cell phone that he sent a text message to her number. And the robber, Mykhal Henderson, responded. "I was telling him he should return the phone because he stole it from a 4-year-old. He pretty much laughed in my face," said Nelson. The response came back right away: "Ok well the Walmart floor said I can have it." Henderson said he found the phone on the floor and was going to keep it. Soon after, cops tracked him down through an online order he placed and arrested him at a traffic stop where he confessed. So while Angelina will be getting her phone back, the story has a lot of people asking a lot of questions including: When should kids get phones in the first place? Volusia County Sheriff's officials tell WKMG the girl left her phone on the floor at the Walmart store in Deltona. It was gone when the family returned to look for it. A deputy reviewed the store's surveillance video and saw the suspect pick up the phone, then go to the store's online pickup counter. She found his name - Mykhal Henderson - on a receipt and deputies arrested him during a traffic stop. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Related Topics: newsu.s. & worldcellphonerobberywalmartbig talkerstrendingFlorida Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 WPVI-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS Need a story investigated? Contact the ABC7 I-Team State Department employee concealed contact with Chinese foreign agents: Officials Two boys, 11 and 12, electrocuted to death after TX storms Elizabeth Smart's father speaks out about missing Tenn. teen NC lawmakers reach deal to repeal the state's 'bathroom bill' More News Top Stories Man charged in Roseland quadruple murder in December YouTube video leads cops to drugs, guns, dead dog at Harvey home Police: Man steals SUV with toddler, woman inside 12 dead after church bus accident in central TX Man attacked 3 women in Aurora apartment complex, police say Man nearly killed while sleeping with charging phone Woman killed while helping friend confront child's father, police say Show More Stranger raises money to send fast food worker to nursing school DREAMer's tax return post draws death threats Uber driver fights off 2 men attempting to carjack him MSU taps former Chicago U.S. attorney in athletic doctor sex abuse case PHOTOS: Stabbing victim marries first responder who helped her More News Top Video Man attacked 3 women in Aurora apartment complex, police say Media gets look at White Sox ballpark updates Police: Man steals SUV with toddler, woman inside 15-year-old girl killed in Michigan City shooting More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories Video Photos U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios Chicago Proud Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios Chicago Proud Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WLS-TV Chicago. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports ESPNChicago.com Hungry Hound Disability Issues Health Weather Sketchers Web Cameras Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios Chicago Proud Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WLS-TV Chicago
Hot Topics: Sanitas Trail 'falling apart' Man who set himself on fire dies Lafayette suicides Chautauqua parking changes Eldorado Canyon fall News tips Print   Email   Font Resize Man who lit himself on fire outside Lafayette Walmart dies Man asked bystanders to film him, cited FBI harassment as reason for self-immolation By Anthony Hahn Staff Writer Posted:   03/27/2017 07:50:59 PM MDT Updated:   03/27/2017 10:34:50 PM MDT Firefighters look over the burned car in the Lafayette Walmart parking lot on Sunday. (Paul Aiken / Staff Photographer) Related Stories Mar 27: Lafayette suicides spotlight increased mental health concerns Mar 26: Man lights himself, car on fire in Lafayette Walmart parking lot The man who set himself and his car on fire in the parking lot of Lafayette's Walmart in front of dozens of horrified shoppers has died, Lafayette police Chief Rick Bashor said Monday. The man, whose identity has not been released, started driving around the parking lot in a beige Toyota Corolla shortly after 5:20 p.m. Sunday, and asked witnesses to film him as he set himself on fire, police said. He cited years of harassment from the FBI as the reason for his self-immolation, according to video of the incident filmed by a bystander at the man's request. The Daily Camera has viewed the video, which was taken moments after the man was extinguished by bystanders and was still awaiting medical assistance, but has chosen not to release the footage due to its graphic content. "I got in trouble 11 years ago, and ever since (the FBI has) been completely harassing me," the man told a visibly upset onlooker. "They never let me sleep. All I'm doing is trying to make ends meet and all they're trying to do is (expletive) with me." Prior to that footage being filmed, the man stopped near the store entrance, doused himself with gasoline inside the car and lit himself and the car on fire, Lafayette police said. The man then got out of the car and yelled at bystanders not to extinguish the fire. Advertisement Several citizens put out the flames by covering the man with jackets, according to footage in a separate video. David Bach, who was shopping at Walmart at the time and took the video showing the man's statement, said the minutes following the incident were filled with panic and confusion. "I heard a lady screaming and sprinting into the store and my first reaction was that someone had a gun," Bach said Monday. "I expected to see someone hit with a car or having a heart attack. "What I saw was a man completely engulfed in flames slowly walking across the parking lot with his hands up." After several bystanders were able to extinguish the flames, Bach said the man was left completely alone while people tried to put out the still-burning car. "I thought that it was wrong for him to be sitting there alone in that state," Bach said. "He was sitting Indian-style and was completely coherent. All his skin and clothes had burned off and he was smoldering. "He said, 'I want you to record me and I want to get my message out,'" Bach said. The man stated that he had fallen into trouble with the FBI more than a decade ago and had been harassed ever since, according to the video. The Camera could not verify the claims made in the video. "It was all very disturbing," Bach said. "The fact that someone could get to that point in their life and in their head where they would do something that drastic is just sad and disturbing." Tanja Carter, a witness who saw the man after he was pulled from the car, said Sunday that he was burned from head to toe. The man was taken by helicopter to University of Colorado Hospital with second- and third-degree burns, according to police. He succumbed to his injuries late Monday afternoon, Bashor wrote in an email. The Boulder County Coroner's Office will release the man's identity once next of kin have been notified. Anthony Hahn: 303-473-1422, hahna@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/_anthonyhahn Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES How will the congressional votes on internet privacy affect Boulder, Longmont residents? Sen. Cory Gardner would go 'nuclear' to support Boulder's Neil Gorsuch for Supreme Court L'Atelier to stay in Boulder while also opening in Denver   BOCOPREPS (Jeremy Papasso / Staff Photographer) BUFFZONE Girls golf: Holy Family freshman Schalk off to blistering start Tigers take title in first two tournaments BROOMFIELD — After a several-year hiatus, Holy Family has a girls golf team again. Now that the Tigers are back in the fold, they're not exactly easing back into things. Full Story Fairview's Brent Wrapp bows out of NIT semifinals with Cal State-Bakersfield Roberts races to top US finish at World Championships Track and field: Legacy's Lyle running with confidence Buffzone BUFFZONE (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker SECOND STORY GARAGE SECOND STORY GARAGE Second Story Garage: Bandits Boulder is pretty good at producing rock bands, and by "rock," we mean the in-your-face, guitar-heavy, leather-clad variety — you know, the good kind. For a prime example, look no farther than BANDITS. Full Story Second Story Garage: EOTO Second Story Garage: TAUK Second Story Garage: Dirty Bourbon River Show Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Life Clips, Inc. Announces Consolidation and Change in Officers Globe Newswire   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} March 29, 2017 7:30am   Comments Share: AVENTURA, Fla., March 29, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Life Clips, Inc. (OTCQB:LCLP) (the "Company") would like to provide clarification to shareholders on recent events covered in 8-K filings and the direction of the company. Management Changes On January 12, 2017, Robert Gruder resigned as the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of the Company.  Also on January 12, 2017, both Mr. Gruder and Wayne Thomas resigned from the Company's Board of Directors.  On January 16, 2017 Victoria Rudman was appointed as Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of the Company, as well as to the Company's Board of Directors. Ms. Rudman has spent most of her career in Fortune 50 global investment banks and retail brokerage firms. She has also served several public and private companies as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary. As part of the transition to new management, on January 25, 2017 Robert Finigan resigned from his position as President of the Company. Additionally, Stuart Posner resigned from his position as a Director on February 1, 2017. Huey Long was named Chief Executive Officer on February 2, 2017 and was named as a Director of the Company to fill the seat on the Board of Directors vacated by Mr. Posner. Mr. Long is a seasoned multi-channel retail and global sourcing executive and turnaround expert. He was responsible for general merchandise operations in his capacity as a Senior Vice President at Walmart Stores, Inc. and as General Merchandise Manager at Walmart's Sam's Club. Previously, Mr. Long was an Executive Vice President of Radio Shack Corp., where he was part of the turnaround team. He later became a Director of Radio Shack China. Mr. Long was also responsible for Amazon.com's global private brands and consumer electronics retail buying operations.  William Singer remains in his position as Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing of the Company, and was named as a Director on March 1, 2017. Mr. Singer is a Multi-Channel Retail Expert, an entrepreneur and investor, and has launched several successful businesses and products in retail, transportation, eCommerce, mobility, and services. Digital Imaging Market Previous management of the Company was not able to raise sufficient capital to complete its business plan, or fulfill the commitments to its licensing partner, and enter the Digital Imaging market. As a result, the Board of Directors has voted to cease operations in this market and will not pursue the activities under the trademark license agreement, pursuant to which the Company planned to design, manufacture and sell branded action cameras, 360 cameras, dash cameras and still cameras, as discussed in the Company's Form 8-K as filed on September 22, 2016. The details associated with terminating this agreement have not been finalized and the Company could be subject to a termination fee. Mobeego and the Mobile Power Market Moving forward, the Company will focus on sales of the Mobeego brand emergency cell phone battery and other mobile power supply products we plan to source from a previously signed strategic alliance with Ascenda Corporation, a global sourcing and logistics company. We are seeing increased interest in the Mobeego product.  The Mobeego emergency cell phone battery provides an extra 20-40% boost of power to a cell phone without having to be tethered or charged. The batteries have a 10-year shelf life. On July 11, 2016, the Company agreed to purchase Mobeego's parent company, Batterfly Energy, Ltd. for an initial payment of $500,000 to the Batterfly sellers, with $250,000 being due on October 6, 2016 and $250,000 being due on February 13, 2017.  The Company failed to make the payments as required and on January 11, 2017 we received a default notice from the sellers. We are currently in negotiations to cure the default and are optimistic we will be able to reach an agreement; however, there is no guarantee we will be able to do so. We plan to keep shareholders updated on our negotiations. About Mobeego The Mobeego brand launched in November 2015, is available within 16 different countries. The Mobeego product is an affordable one-time use battery that plugs directly into one's mobile device, iPad, or action camera. The award winning design makes it wireless and disposable. Safe Harbor Statement In addition to statements of current and historical fact, this Press Release contains forward-looking statements. The words "forecast," "will," "intend," "anticipate," "project," "intend," "expect," "should," "believe" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although we believe that we have a reasonable basis for each forward-looking statement contained in this Press Release, we caution you that these statements are based on a combination of facts and factors currently known by Life Clips and its projections of the future, about which it cannot be certain. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors, including those discussed in "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Life Clips' annual report on Form 10-Q and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), as well as matters discussed in Life Clips' financial statements and related notes and other filings with the SEC, which may cause its actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly, all forward-looking statements should be evaluated with an understanding of their inherent uncertainty. Except as required by law, Life Clips assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. All distribution agreements call for minimum quarterly quotas.  There is a risk that the distributor will not meet these quarterly quotas.  In the event the quotas are not met the agreements are in breech which could void the agreement.  Therefore the dollar volumes may not be attained. CONTACT INFORMATION:

Huey Long
Chief Executive Officer
info@lifeclips.com

Life Clips Investor Relations

David Kugelman
Atlanta Capital Partners, LLC
(404) 856-9157
(866) 692-6847 Toll Free - U.S. And Canada
dk@atlcp.com View Comments and Join the Discussion!   View the discussion thread. Trending Recent 1 AAOI, APOP: 20 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 EDIT, GOGL: 25 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 3 RAD, WBA: Baird Updates Its View On Walgreen's With New R... 4 SNX, INFO: 10 Stocks To Watch For March 28, 2017 5 ABCO, SPWH: Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Dow... 6 IEP: The Who's Who Of Hedge Fu... 7 PEP, T: Here's Every Major... 1 AAPL: Dan Nathan's Apple Options Trade 2 LUV, AAL: Jim Cramer Gives His Opinion On Chesapeake Energy And American Airlines 3 BABA, HUN: Wall Street's M&A Chatter From March 28: Moneygram... 4 FEZ: Macro Risk Advisors' SPDR EURO STOXX 50 ETF Trade 5 SONC, OMN: 10 Stocks To Watch For March 28, 2017 6 Economic Data Scheduled For Wednesday 7 EXFO, NLST: Earnings Scheduled For March 29, 2017 View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost A Critical Choice: Nursing home care Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Remaking The Q Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Burlington is opening its South Euclid store on April 7 Burl Store (1).jpg The first 500 customers to stop by the Burlington Store in South Euclid between 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday, April 8, will receive a Burlington tote bag, as well as a chance to win a gift card. The store opens to the public at 9:30 a.m. on Friday, April 7. (Burlington Stores Inc.) Print Email Janet H. Cho, The Plain Dealer By Janet H. Cho, The Plain Dealer The Plain Dealer Email the author | Follow on Twitter on March 29, 2017 at 7:00 AM, updated March 29, 2017 at 8:33 AM comments SOUTH EUCLID, Ohio -- Burlington Stores is opening its South Euclid store at 9:30 a.m., Friday, April 7. The 45,000-square-foot discount retailer will join five other chain stores at Oakwood Commons, 1960 Warrensville Center Road north of Cedar Road, including a Walmart Supercenter that replaced the Walmart store at next-door Cleveland Heights. The other stores are: Foot Locker, Great Clips, Penn Station, and Sally Beauty Supply. "We are thrilled to open a new Burlington in the South Euclid community, bringing even more jobs to the neighborhood and providing local residents with a valued shopping experience," said Burlington Stores' President, CEO and Chairman Tom Kingsbury, in a written announcement first released last year. The South Euclid store employs about 75 people. Burlington's website lists eight openings at the South Euclid store, and 125 openings at all 22 stores in Ohio. Other Northeast Ohio stores include: Steelyard Commons in Cleveland, Canton, Cuyahoga Falls, Euclid, Macedonia, Mansfield, Mentor, Middleburg Heights, Niles, North Olmsted, and Sheffield Village. The first 500 customers to stop by between 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday, April 8, will receive a Burlington tote bag, as well as a chance to win a gift card. The store will also offer popcorn and children's activities. The store will be open from 9:30 a.m. to 9:30 p.m. Sunday through Thursday, and from 9:30 a.m. to 10 p.m. Friday and Saturday. To mark its grand opening, Burlington Gives Back, along with K.I.D.S./Fashion Delivers, is donating new merchandise to David's Challenge, a local nonprofit that provides young people in Cuyahoga County with transitional living programs and services to help them become self-sufficient, contributing members of their families and communities. Burlington is also, via a partnership with DonorsChoose.org, donating $10,000 to Noble Elementary School, 1293 Ardoon St. in Cleveland Heights, to fund projects nominated by its teachers to help their students learn. Burlington Stores Inc., which began as a wholesaler of ladies' coats and juniors' suits, opened its first outlet store in Burlington, New Jersey, in 1972. Burlington sells dresses, suits, sportswear, juniors, accessories, menswear, shoes, and children's clothing, as well as baby furniture and accessories at Baby Depot, home decor and gifts, and coats at up to 65 percent off. As of Jan. 28, the company has 592 stores in 45 states and Puerto Rico. Its shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol "BURL." Burlington reported $5.6 billion in revenues for fiscal 2016. Net sales increased 9.2 percent, profits rose 43.5 percent to $215.9 million, or up 51.3 percent to $3.01 diluted net income per share. Comp-store sales increased 4.5 percent. For the fourth quarter that ended Jan. 28, net sales rose 9.4 percent to $1.7 billion. Profits increased 27.1 percent to $125.6 million, or up 31.1 percent to $1.77 diluted net income per share. Sales at stores open at least a year rose 4.6 percent. Top Workplaces Top Workplaces 2017 150 winners will be announced on June 18. The 2016 Top Workplaces List Business Features Northeast Ohio business and networking events Northeast Ohio commercial real estate news ScamFinder! Protect yourself from common scams Active Discussions Most Read Business news in your inbox Sign up to get our business newsletter twice a day, Mon.-Fri. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
7 Light City music acts not to miss, from Biz Markie to Super City News Maryland Harford County The Aegis Rezoning change likely for Aberdeen's Pomeroy properties Ted Hendricks / Baltimore Sun Media Group After a year and a half of being opposed, Aberdeen's mayor and City Council are moving toward approving a zoning change for two properties along Old Philadelphia Road opposite Walmart. After a year and a half of being opposed, Aberdeen's mayor and City Council are moving toward approving a zoning change for two properties along Old Philadelphia Road opposite Walmart. (Ted Hendricks / Baltimore Sun Media Group) Erika ButlerContact ReporterThe Aegis Privacy Policy A year and a half after not supporting the rezoning of a combined 39 acres off Philadelphia Road behind Walmart, the Aberdeen City Council appears poised this time around to grant the rezoning classification appeal. During a work session Monday, Mayor Patrick McGrady said, the council voted 3-1 to ask the city's lawyer, Fred Sussman, "to draft language that would ultimately lead to approval of the rezoning request." In 2015, the owners and potential developer of the properties - one 4.92 acres and the other 33.59 - withdrew their appeal when it appeared the city council wouldn't support it. The appeal was resubmitted earlier this year and the city council held a lengthy hearing Feb. 27, when it heard from lawyer John Gessner explain that a mistake had been made when the properties were rezoned in 2009 and why the properties should revert back to their original zoning. Aberdeen to stop picking up yard waste in plastic bags April 1 City will get the jump on countywide ban taking effect in September City will get the jump on countywide ban taking effect in SeptemberRead the story During the city's comprehensive rezoning in 2009, the city, anticipating a large influx of research and development opportunities with BRAC, rezoned the poperties to B-3-Hghway Commercial Distric. Those opportunities never materialized, Gessner told the city council in February. Gessner represents MIA Acquisitions LLC, a company controlled by Columbia-based Manekin LLC and has a contract to buy the property, pending changing the zoning back to M-1-Light Industrial District, so it can build a 500,000-square-foot warehouse distribution center. In its reply to the appeal by the property owners and developer, the council must indicate first, if an error was made in the zoning, and if so, should the zoning be switched back to what it was, McGrady said following Aberdeen's regular city council meeting Monday. The council members voted during their work session before the council meeting to have Sussman write a response that will say yes, an error was made and that it should revert to its original zoning, McGrady said. McGrady and Councilmembers Melvin Taylor and Steve Goodin voted to have Sussman draft the letter. Councilmember Sandra Landbeck voted against it. Councilmember Tim Lindecamp did not attend the work session because he was coaching an Aberdeen High School baseball game. Compressed natural gas fueling station opens in Aberdeen to serve industrial and consumer alternative fuel needs DAVID ANDERSON The first compressed natural gas filling station in Harford County, and one of only a handful of CNG stations in Maryland, has opened in Aberdeen. The station, which is owned and operated by Houston, Texas-based Trillium CNG, opened in October at 635 Old Philadelphia Road. It is designed primarily... The first compressed natural gas filling station in Harford County, and one of only a handful of CNG stations in Maryland, has opened in Aberdeen. The station, which is owned and operated by Houston, Texas-based Trillium CNG, opened in October at 635 Old Philadelphia Road. It is designed primarily... (DAVID ANDERSON) The response is expected in the "near future," McGrady said. The decision could be appealed to the Harford County Circuit Court. During the hearing in February, two witnesses Gessner questioned said that when the properties were rezoned in 2009 to B-3, it was done under the belief that BRAC was going to bring thousands of office jobs to the area and the site would be used for office buildings or retail commercial or a combination. "BRAC anticipated extremely significant amounts of growth with Fort Monmouth's relocation," Richard Alter, president and CEO of Manekin LLC, said, referring to the move of most of the operations from the New Jersey post to Aberdeen. As many as 27,000 new jobs were expected to be created in the area, 80 percent of them in Harford, and with that the need for an estimated 2 million square feet of new office space. Caption Friends of Harford meeting The Friends of Harford advocacy group hosts a public meeting Sunday about Harford County's comprehensive rezoning process. (David Anderson / BSMG) The Friends of Harford advocacy group hosts a public meeting Sunday about Harford County's comprehensive rezoning process. (David Anderson / BSMG) Caption Ash Wednesday in Bel Air The faithful attend a morning Mass for Ash Wednesday at Saint Margaret Parish in Bel Air. (David Anderson / BSMG) The faithful attend a morning Mass for Ash Wednesday at Saint Margaret Parish in Bel Air. (David Anderson / BSMG) Copyright © 2017, The Aegis, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad Commercial Real Estate Real Estate Aberdeen caps fire department contribution at $500,000 Aberdeen Fire Department Banquet [Pictures] Aberdeen to stop picking up yard waste in plastic bags April 1 Breaking Sports Maryland Business Opinion Obits eNewspaper Advertising 45°
Customer Care Contact Us Staff Directory Circulation Redeliver Paper Vacation Hold Online Access Help Newsroom Corrections News Tip Letters to the Editor You Said It Media Kit Place a Classified Subscribe Login Register 40° F Clear Wind E at 1 MPH Pressure 1015 MB Dewpoint 24° F Visibility 8 miles Area forecast >     Home Weather Breaking News Columnists Obituaries Magazines Coupons Oil & Gas RSS Contests News Western Colorado Colorado U.S. World Business Blotter Politics Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns You Said It Sports High School CMU GJ Rockies Local Results College Columns Community JUCO Wrestling Outdoors Hiking & Camping Biking Hunting & Fishing Snow Sports Spring Summer Fall Winter Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home & Garden Food Celebrate! Pets Entertainment Music Movies Television Puzzles & Games Festivals and Events Blogs Music on the Goe Birds and More Photos & Video All Photo Galleries All Videos Sandstone to Summit Directories Downtown Grand Junction Local Business Churches Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Cars • Articles/Galleries/Videos • Classifieds • Business Directory Tip: Use quotation marks to search for articles. SHARE Hoax rattles Central High Central High School students were escorted out of the school as law enforcement cleared each classroom after a false report firearms and explosives in the school. Heather Lashbrook and Jeffery Dottson, front, wait for their nephew and son to be released from Central High School in the Walmart parking lot southwest of CHS. The CHS student were eventually bussed to Palisade High School where parents could pick them up. By Gabrielle Porter Wednesday, March 29, 2017 RELATED STORY/MEDIA: Photo Gallery Social media frenzy fuels rumor mill Law enforcement agencies believe the person who falsely threatened to detonate bombs and shoot students and staff inside Central High School Tuesday morning, prompting a full evacuation and exhaustive police search of the building, might have been calling from somewhere outside Mesa County. A male caller called the Grand Junction Regional Communication Center at 9:54 a.m., claiming to be hiding in the school with bombs and guns, according to the Mesa County Sheriff’s Office and dispatchers heard through police scanner website Broadcastify.com. A dispatcher could be heard on emergency dispatch recordings archived on Broadcastify.com saying a caller was claiming he had pipe bombs in the school and an AR-15 and was in a bathroom at the school. “RP is saying that he wants $10,000 in a black duffel bag in the middle of the parking lot with no police around it. And that he’s going to do this in 19 minutes and 10 seconds,” the dispatcher said, using dispatch parlance for “reporting party,” or someone calling into the dispatch center. “It sounds like a juvenile male. We’re trying to get further (info) from him.” The caller told the dispatcher that he would detonate the bombs if there were any police officers around the duffel bag, and that he also had 150 rounds of ammunition to go with the AR-15, according to the dispatcher. The caller indicated he had “been planning this for a month and he has one bomb in the front (of the school), one on each side and one in the back, and also on him,” the dispatcher told responding deputies. The dispatcher told deputies that the male was calling on a “non-emergent line” so she had no way of tracking the number from which he was calling. At one point, the caller claimed he had locked the bathroom door and turned the lights off. Later, he said he was walking to a classroom, and that in addition to an assault rifle, he had a handgun. At 10:06 a.m. the dispatcher told incoming deputies: “He is now saying that he is front of a classroom now but he won’t give a classroom number, and that there’s 45 seconds left.” Law enforcement officers from across the county converged on the school and locked down the campus, meaning students were locked in their classrooms and the school was closed to visitors. Sheriff’s spokeswoman Megan Terlecky said law enforcement officers then entered the school and checked it methodically for any potential threat. They didn’t find the caller or any weapons. “The threat was determined to be unsubstantiated after a thorough search of the school campus, and no such person or weapons of any kind were found,” Terlecky wrote in a news release. “The Mesa County Sheriff’s Office, along with the Grand Junction Police Department and the FBI, determined that the threat is not real. We are confident there is not a credible threat to any of our local schools today or in the near future.” After checking for the weapons and the caller, law enforcement officers evacuated all students and staff classroom by classroom to buses waiting to take them to Palisade High School, where students were eventually reunited with family, Terlecky said. “Once the school was completely evacuated, the Grand Junction Police Department Bomb Squad swept Central High School for any suspicious items,” she wrote. “None were found.” Authorities are still investigating the identity of the caller, but no arrests had been made as of Tuesday evening, according to Terlecky. Terlecky wrote that even though the threats were unsubstantiated, the Sheriff’s Office decided to evacuate the building for safety to give investigators time to investigate. “Although this process is lengthy and labor intensive, we cannot take any chances where threats to the safety of our schools is concerned,” she wrote. Earlier in the day, parents, siblings and friends of Central students crowded nervously in the parking lot and vacant lot south of the high school, waiting in the drizzle for something beyond rumors. Jeffrey Dottson, whose son and nephew were both in the school, checked his phone repeatedly from where he watched on the sidewalk next to Walmart. Dottson said he was “nervous,” although he had heard from both boys. “I mean, I remember when the Columbine stuff happened,” he said. “Columbine glorified kids thinking they could just walk into school with a gun.” Central High graduate Isaiah Simon, 19, paced in circles while waiting for news from his younger brother and sister, both of whom were inside the school. The news that no shooter was in the building hadn’t yet been released, and Simon was uneasy. “Honestly, if they would give me a gun right now, I would go in there and shoot the guy,” Simon said, shaking his head. “But I know that (law enforcement is) doing their jobs. … They’re trained for it. I trust them.” Simon’s father, who declined to give his name, said he drove down from Collbran when he heard about the threat. He said his kids are “tough,” but he too wished he could do something. “Don’t threaten a cowboy’s kids. Period,” he said. “This crap never happened when we were growing up, because growing up we had guns in our back windows of our trucks.” Kym Scott, a member of Clifton Assembly of God Church, didn’t have any relatives in the school, but said that her granddaughter lost two friends at the Umpqua Community College shooting in 2015 in Roseburg, Oregon. Scott said she wanted to help Tuesday by offering prayer with family members waiting for children to be released “It’s tough to lose friends,” Scott said after praying with 17-year-old Stephanie Salcedo, a senior who was waiting to hear from a friend still in the building Tuesday afternoon. More than two dozen busloads of Central students were taken to Palisade High School, where anxious parents, family members, family friends and guardians waited to pick them up in a line that snaked around the northwest corner of the building. Students were dropped at the southeast corner of the building and entered through a back door, in part to avoid confusion with Palisade students who were on lockdown, Palisade Fire Chief Richard Rupp said. He said that the biggest snarl in transporting Central students to Palisade was the traffic: “The buses can’t get here,” he said late Tuesday morning while Palisade town employees directed the heavy traffic on U.S. Highway 6. Vehicles were parked along both shoulders of the highway; in the parking lot of Palisade Christian Church, which quickly organized volunteers to direct traffic there; and “we’ve even got people parking at the fire station,” Rupp said. Parents, family members and friends arrived at Palisade High throughout the morning, ignoring the light, intermittent rain, and many said they’d been in contact with their students. The aunt of a 10th-grader whose parents were working and not available to pick him up, said she’d talked to him on the phone and that he was upset but otherwise fine. Shawn Garcia said his son, Caleb, 14, a freshman, had called to report he was OK, “but he didn’t really hear anything or know what’s going on,” Garcia said. Catherine Jarvis, a sophomore whose father, Jim, came to Palisade High to pick her up, said she’d been in ceramics class when word came that students were to stay put in the building. “We just kind of sat around,” she said, “then they said lockdown and had us sit in a corner and wait, then they had armed sheriff’s (deputies) come in.” She said rumors quickly spread that there might be a bomb in a bathroom, which frightened some of the students, especially since she and her classmates were in the second-to-last bus to leave the Central campus. Jim Jarvis said he received an automated call from the school district about an incident happening at the school, then Catherine texted him that something was going on and his father stopped by to say he’d heard something was happening at the school. “I figured I had to get (to Palisade) quick,” he said. “It’s just frightening. I’m glad to have her safe.” Central students and staff weren’t allowed to return to the school to retrieve their vehicles from the parking lot until late in the afternoon, but the school building remained closed overnight. Classes were expected to resume as normal this morning. ■ Managing editor Mike Wiggins contributed to this report. COMMENTS Page 1 of 1 By Justin M Kolenc - Wednesday, March 29, 2017 I wonder if this could have been the same “non local” entity that successfully hit D51 with ransom ware a few months ago. Oh yeah, and I wonder if D51 even told the community about that one? Happened when I was still working in Technology Services. They were CLUELESS! Literally had no idea where it came from or what to do about it. They were LUCKY that the ransom ware was contained to D51 Admin compound. Raise your hand if you heard that from D51 before you heard it from me? Page 1 of 1 TOP JOBS Rns, Cnas, Volunteer Coordinator Find Your Life'sWork at HopeWest.Our team is growing, join our cu... Cleaning Associate NeededFull and Part time positions available. Cleaning in residen... Manufacturing Long established, expanding cabinetry and millwork supplier requires ... Loan Processor Interested in people who are looking for a career with a progressive company. Customer Service Representative Full-time opening in ourCirculation Department for.(40 hours ... Practice Manager Opportunity for a medical specialty. Busy office seekingprofessi... Search More Jobs GJSENTINEL.COM Sections • Grand Junction News • Grand Junction Weather • Grand Junction Opinion • Grand Junction Sports • Grand Junction Lifestyle • Grand Junction Entertainment • Grand Junction Blogs • Grand Junction Obituaries Contact • Staff directory • Send a news tip • Corrections • Report a broken link • Submit a letter to the Editor • Submit a You Said It • Sign up for Email Updates Marketplace • Grand Junction Classifieds • Find Grand Junction Jobs • Grand Junction Real Estate • Grand Junction Rentals • Grand Junction Cars • Place an ad THE DAILY SENTINEL 734 S. Seventh St. Grand Junction, CO 81501 970-242-5050; M-F 8:00 - 5:00 Editions • Subscribe to print edition • E-edition Advertisers • Advertiser Tearsheet • Information © 2017 Grand Junction Media, Inc. By using this site you agree to the Visitor Agreement and the Privacy Policy
India obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu WHERE'S HOME? An Indian tech worker’s movie shows the anxiety of being an H-1B immigrant in Silicon Valley Written by Ananya Bhattacharya Obsession Glass March 28, 2017 Quartz india For Here or To Go? (YouTube/For Here or To Go) Share Written by Ananya Bhattacharya Obsession Glass March 28, 2017 Quartz india Rishi S. Bhilawadikar, an Indian techie now working in San Francisco, first came to the US to attend Indiana University. After getting a master’s degree in interactive media design, Bhilawadikar was encouraged to apply to startup incubators. Although his talent planning app idea drew interest, no incubator would sponsor his visa. Since graduating in 2007, he’s worked as a user experience designer at software firm SAP Labs and retail giant Walmart and, lately, with the clothing company Gap—all while on the temporary H-1B visa, which allows people to work in the US for up to six years. To help others understand the frustrations of the experience—what he calls “that in-between state of what it takes to adopt a foreign country as your own”—Bhilawadikar decided to make a movie about it. On March 31, his film For Here or To Go will be released in theatres. Bhilawadikar refers to himself as an “accidental filmmaker.” His desire to communicate his immigrant experience to a mainstream audience first manifested as a blog titled “Stuff Desis Like,” started in 2008. He was yearning to “tell a story that creates awareness and empathy,” he says. In 2010, he was struck with the idea of writing a movie about the lives of H-1B immigrants. “As an experiment, I started to write. I had a story and I had some characters in mind, [but] I didn’t know how to write a screenplay,” Bhilawadikar says. “I started tinkering with it, googled it, started to teach myself, took a few classes, and got better.” The next challenge was finding someone willing to take the script to the screen. With no connections in the filmmaking world, Bhilawadikar struggled to find takers. While working at Walmart between 2010 and 2012, one of his co-workers introduced him to Rucha Humnabadkar, who had served as an assistant director and art director to Nagesh Kukonoor of Hyderabad Blue fame and had just directed her own short film, Arranged Marriage. A Silicon Valley-based design professional by day, Humnabadkar was all too familiar with the story Bhilawadikar wanted to tell. Humnabadkar has been in the US since 2003, but only got her green card nearly a decade later. Until she did, she also had to grapple with all the uncertainties of being an H-1B worker in the US. “It’s a story that I have lived,” Humnabadkar told Quartz. “Same dilemma, same conflicts, same struggles.” Finding an employer to pay upwards of $1,000 to sponsor the visa is only the first battle.  “We really need to start telling the truth about what the relationship is between India and the US.”  There’s little security in an H-1B; quitting the company that sponsored you or getting fired can get you ousted from the States. By a wide margin, people born in India are more likely to work under an H-1B (pdf) than US immigrants born anywhere else. The population is often accused of providing cheap labor and driving down industry wages. However, Indian immigrants rank among the most entrepreneurial leaders and job creators in the country. In March 2016, a National Foundation for American Policy study found that among immigrants, Indians founded the most unicorns—private companies valued at over $1 billion—listed in Wall Street Journal’s Billion Dollar Startup Club, creating 14 out of the total 87 listed. The group is also more than twice as likely than overall foreign-born and native-born populations to be employed in management, business, and science and arts, according to the think tank Migration Policy Institute. Humnabadkar says she wants the film to “humanize the immigration debate”—in part, that’s about shining a light on the invaluable contributions immigrants make to the US. “I think we really need to start telling the truth about what the relationship is between India and the US,” San Jose city council member Ash Kalra said in praise of the movie. “That this is really where the best and brightest of the Indian community have come to contribute to some of the most cutting edge companies on the planet.” Many Americans are likely unaware of the struggles portrayed in For Here or To Go. Actor Omi Vaidya, who was born and raised in Yucca Valley, California, had no idea until he read the script. “Maybe people think [immigrants] don’t belong here or that they’re lucky, but they work very very hard and then the payoff is a sort of nice life,” Vaidya says. “But that life is not guaranteed. You get to taste it and then ultimately you may have to get sent back.” Vaidya ended up playing a Telugu-speaking Indian immigrant waiting in line for the green card. Even though the film is a work of fiction, Bhilawadikar’s narrative draws from real life events.  “The uncertainty and fear is definitely palpable.” It’s set during the 2008 recession and discusses poignant issues like visa discrimination against Muslims and racist violence. One scene in particular will likely rattle Indians in the US today: a Sikh small business owner tells Vivek, the protagonist played by Ali Fazal, that an old friend of his was just killed in a hate crime. For Here or To Go wrapped in 2013 (it’s been making the festival rounds since), and it’s eerie how accurately it portends the February 2017 murder of Srinivas Kuchibhotla and the recent deadly shooting of a Sikh man in Kent, Washington. Racism towards Indian immigrants has always been here in the US, though, says Bhilawadikar. He drew inspiration for his script from two real-life shootings targeting Sikh men—one in Elk Grove, California, in 2011 and the other in Oak Creek, Wisconsin the next year. The recent tense political climate around immigration has been eye-opening for the general public, the writer adds, but policy think tanks, economists, the tech community, venture capitalists, and immigrant entrepreneurs have been talking about it for years. “I was hoping we will progress as a society and things will get better,” Bhilawadikar lamented while discussing how these relevant scenes in the movie will resonate today. “The uncertainty and fear is definitely palpable.” Most Popular Set up a VPN in 10 minutes for free—and yes, Americans urgently need one, thanks to Congress Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Monmouth Ocean Data Universe Watchdog Opinion Sports Life Things To Do Photo-Video Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Obituaries USA TODAY NETWORK Dining Archives USA TODAY Classified Insider Member Guide Jobs Homes Cars Business Directory Moonlighting More Home News Monmouth Ocean Data Universe Watchdog Opinion Sports Life Things To Do Photo-Video Weather Obituaries USA TODAY NETWORK Dining Archives USA TODAY Classified Insider Member Guide Jobs Homes Cars Business Directory Moonlighting Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Search Follow Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 78 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Car stop leads to Howell police, FBI fraud investigation Something seemed off to Patrolman David Levine. Post to Facebook Car stop leads to Howell police, FBI fraud investigation Something seemed off to Patrolman David Levine.  Check out this story on app.com: http://on.app.com/2nK8r6i {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 3 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Car stop leads to Howell police, FBI fraud investigation Katie Park , @kathspark 8:33 p.m. ET March 28, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share White House outlines Sanctuary City policy; Fearless Girl to hang around Wall St.; Ford invests $1.2B into Michigan plant APP NewsBreak MoneyGram Payments Services Inc., a Dallas-based company, has agreed to maintain and boost a robust anti-fraud program designed to detect bogus transactions. (Photo: Courtesy of Thinkstock) 78 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE HOWELL - Wads of cash totaling more than $2,000 and a $1,000 money transfer order from Costa Rica sat in the car. The driver gave jumbled answers. Something seemed off to Patrolman David Levine. The driver, who Levine stopped on Estelle Lane on May 18, 2016 for illegally sporting front tinted windows, eventually admitted he collected the $3,000 sitting in his car as winnings from an online gambling website, police said. Not everything made sense, but some questions were answered. The driver, who police did not name in a statement on Tuesday, was let go at the scene and Howell police started an investigation — one that would span the United States, loop in the FBI and alert an elderly woman in Idaho that she was the victim of an alleged gambling scam that bilked her of $50,000. READ: Get part of the $13M MoneyGram scam settlement Over the course of nearly a year, Levine and Detective Anthony Romano held onto the MoneyGram brand transfer order, which Levine confiscated from the driver to examine back at police headquarters. The confiscated MoneyGram was just one of 10 orders, and were collectively valued at $9,800, said Detective Sgt. Christian Antunez in a statement. All of the orders were bought from a Walmart store in Hayden, Idaho. Surveillance footage from the Walmart in Hayden showed a woman buying numerous MoneyGrams, Antunez said. Levine and Romano spotted the woman's car make and model from the store's cameras, and turned to Edward Jacobson, a special agent at the FBI office in Couer D'Alene, Idaho, to help identify the car's driver. In an interview with Jacobson, the victim — who police did not name — said a person called her, identifying himself as "Special Agent Frank Anderson of the Department of Homeland Security." The caller allegedly told the victim she won a lottery drawing in England, but had to pay to pre-pay the taxes on the winnings before she could receive any money. READ: How to avoid 6 dirty tax scams The victim reportedly agreed to pay and bought $50,000 in MoneyGrams over a stretch of time, Antunez said. The victim sent the MoneyGram orders to where she was allegedly directed — with one of the locations being in Costa Rica. Authorities discovered a gambling website allegedly defrauded unsuspecting victims by asking them to send MoneyGrams to pay gambling winners. Antunez did not name the gambling site. Howell police sought forfeiture on the cash and the MoneyGram order seized in 2016 through the county prosecutor's office and returned the $3,071 to the woman in Idaho, who Antunez said was unaware she was a victim of fraud until authorities alerted her. "We remind the public that the calls, emails, or any form of communication such as this are scams," Antunez said. "Always be cautious and do not send money or payments anywhere before verifying its validity. Oftentimes, a quick internet search will identify scams unsuspecting people are being targeted with." READ: Man used lottery scams to rip off seniors, feds say In February 2016, MoneyGram, a Dallas-based company, agreed to pay $13 million in a settlement between the business and 49 states, including New Jersey. MoneyGram also signed on to maintain a strong anti-fraud program that would pick up on potentially fraudulent money transfers. "We work diligently to prevent our systems from being used to perpetrate any illicit activity," according to a statement from MoneyGram released in February. "At the core of MoneyGram’s daily business is our commitment to compliance and our safeguards that help customers securely send and receive money between family and friends anywhere in the world." John J. Hoffman, the then-state Acting Attorney General, also advised people to remain vigilant of suspicious communications. "People who receive solicitations from strangers promising big winnings should keep in mind the old adage that, ‘If it sounds too good to be true, it most likely is,’' Hoffman said. Katie Park: 908-801-4853; kpark@gannettnj.com Don't miss a thing Download our apps and get alerts for local news, weather, traffic and more. Search "Asbury Park Press" in your app store or use these links from your device: iPhone app | Android app for phone and tablet | iPad app >>>Subscribe (at a great sale price!) for full access. And, 'like' us on Facebook! 78 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.app.com/2nK8r6i TOP VIDEOS An interactive tour of hunger in Larimer County 1:11 WATCH: Veteran receives a mortgage-free home in Barnegat 0:54 WJLP NewsBreaks 0:50 Oyster Farmer wins APP Innovaton Award 1:13 IKEA is bringing its smart home tech to the US 0:50 As stadium rises, so do expectations for Monmouth football 0:53 NewsBreak: Gov. Christie to chair Opioid Epidemic Task Force; Britain triggers Brexit 0:51 NewsBreak: Bridgegate sentencing today; Capitol Hill incident 0:53 Nora and Yodel come to town hall 0:58 NewsBreaks: Neptune Police's annual report; USA Gymnastics abuse allegations 0:55
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Thursday, March 30, 2017, 1:56 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / 14 nonprofits awarded Giving Tree grants By Tammy Keith This article was published today at 12:00 a.m. PHOTO BY TAMMY KEITH Melissa Dyson, case manager at Bethlehem House in Conway, said the refrigerators in the transitional homeless shelter are old ones that came from the shelter’s former location. The nonprofit has been awarded a $2,100 Giving Tree grant from the Faulkner County affiliate of the Arkansas Community Foundation to buy a new commercial refrigerator for the shelter. Comments aAFont Size CONWAY  Gloria Cheshier, executive director of the Faulkner County affiliate, said the grants range from $750 to $2,100. “Funding for our Giving Tree grants comes from local individuals and families. We invest their donations in the endowment, and it provides a permanent source of funding for charitable causes in our county.” For example, Bethlehem House, a transitional homeless shelter in Conway, is using its $2,100 grant to purchase a new commercial refrigerator to be used for its food-service program. Aimee Prince, development director for Bethlehem House, said the old refrigerators came from the former shelter to the new 72,000-square-foot, two-story facility at 1115 Parkway St., which opened more than three years ago. “Right now, they’re costing us more in repairs than they’re worth,” she said of the refrigerators. One of the larger, commercial refrigerators “is the one on the blink.” “We have to replace it anyway, and it’s really nice to know that we have money, that we don’t have to dip into operating funds to pay for it,” Prince said. Judi Lively, executive director of Bethlehem House, said refrigerators are essential not only for the residents, but for outreach programs, including the weekly meals and food boxes given out. “To me, the Giving Tree grants are exactly what they say — it’s not money we count on every year, but it really is — ‘Oh, we have a need, and here are some funds available; let’s apply for it.’ “It makes me feel like that book [The Giving Tree] — that feeling of happiness.” Bethlehem House has room for 44 residents, including eight emergency beds. In addition to housing, showers are available for homeless people from 4:30-7 p.m. daily, and a food pantry and a free meal for the public are provided at 6 each evening. Another grant recipient, the Women’s Shelter of Central Arkansas in Conway, received a $1,500 grant to go toward the purchase of mattresses and bed frames for clients’ rooms. Carrie Curtis, executive director of the shelter, said it combined a grant from Walmart with the Giving Tree grant to replace 17 mattresses and frames and make them bed-bug proof, she said. “We’ve had some of the same mattresses since I started working there 17 years ago.” Although the shelter has never had a bed-bug problem, other shelters have. “It’s a pre-emptive action,” she said. “Between those two grants, I will be able to replace every one of those mattresses. “We’ll be rid of any type of fabric that will allow for that, and we should be able to purchase some new, nicer, durable wood bunk beds with full on bottom, twin on top,” she said. The 12 other grant recipients and their projects are as follows: • The Conway Police Department to support the Book Center, a new component of the Conway Police Department’s fifth annual Child Safety Fair; • The Arkansas Single Parent Scholarship Fund to provide financial-support scholarships to single-parent students to help them stay in school, complete their program and get a good-paying job; • The Blackbird Academy of Arts in Conway to support the Arts Access Program for areas of the community that would otherwise not have access to arts-education classes and arts performances; • The Boys & Girls Club of Faulkner County to support opportunities for youth to expand their knowledge of art through the funding of art-room equipment and supplies; • The city of Greenbrier to provide site furniture, compost bins and a butterfly/pollinator garden and fund gardening supplies for demonstrations at events for the city community garden, located behind the Senior Center; • Conway Cradle Care to expand its services to serve at-risk Faulkner County community members under age 25 who are pursuing higher education or employment to improve their lives, as well as the lives of their children; • The Faulkner County Council on Aging Inc. to fund a vehicle to be used in the Meals on Wheels program; • The Faulkner County Museum to serve as matching funds for a grant from the Arkansas Historic Preservation Program to paint and restore windows on the historic Faulkner County Jail building; • Independent Living Services in Conway to purchase exercise equipment for the therapy department; • The Ministry Center in Conway to outfit the warming station with cots and blankets; • Renewal Ranch to provide a computer and printer for a new class to teach job-search skills and strategies to clients; and • The Soul Food Cafe Mission to install a ventilation hood in its new facility at 1717 S. Donaghey Ave. to allow food services to be offered. All nonprofit agencies in Faulkner County are encouraged to apply for Giving Tree grants from Jan. 10 through Feb. 15 each year. More information about Community Foundation grants is available at www.arcf.org. Since 1976, the nonprofit Community Foundation has provided more than $156 million in grants, Cheshier said. The leadership of the nonprofits will be honored at the annual Celebration of Giving Luncheon from 11:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. May 10. Senior writer Tammy Keith can be reached at (501) 327-0370 or tkeith@arkansasonline.com. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Alternative ingredients turn pasta classic in... Horses carry riders to strength and self-suff... 14 nonprofits awarded Giving Tree grants COMMUNITY EVENTS IN THE RIVER VALLEY & OZARK ... COMMUNITY EVENTS IN THE RIVER VALLEY & OZARK ... Guy-Perkins wins Hutchcraft’s 10th state cham... Dedication to garden projects leads to county... Clinton Volunteer of the Year has eclectic ta... Mayflower robotics team gets bid to world com... Comments on: 14 nonprofits awarded Giving Tree grants To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Arkansas governor signs 'sex-selection' abortion ban bill (4 comments) POLL: 2 Arkansas school boards to cease praying (147 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: What matters: Headlines (54 comments) Arkansas House votes to call porn a health crisis (15 comments) Guns in stadiums would devastate programs (14 comments) When essential isn't (9 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
HOME Print Edition PageView Flip PDF Tablet Mobile Other Publications The Acorn Camarillo Acorn Moorpark Acorn Simi Valley Acorn Thousand Oaks Acorn Beyond Submission Forms Contact Us Login Browse Archives News Front Page Community Faith Family Pets Health & Wellness Opinion Editorials Letters Sports On the Town Schools Business Real Estate Calendar Sheriff's Blotter Advertising Advertising Information Private Party Order Rentals Order Service Directory E-mail Us 2017-03-30 / Columns Tweet Print Memo to Easter Bunny: Cut it with the candy Elizabeth Kirby So, are you the chosen one? I’m just wondering. If you auditioned out here in Rabbit Valley, you had some stiff competition. I mean, after all, our army of seasoned bunnies with chain-saw teeth, able to destroy lawns faster than Cal American Water, don’t dress for work. Not like you do, carrying a basket with pink satin ribbons or wearing a vest embroidered with petunias. At least, I haven’t ever seen one like that gnawing on my marigolds. Seems you outdid yourself in the audition. What do you do in the off-season? Mascot perhaps? Walmart greeter? In anticipation of your arrival, Mr. Fixit (the husband) and I have already downed a few thousand jelly beans and dozens of those crunchy chocolate eggs. What does it feel like, Mr. Bunny, to know that your customers are getting a little round around the edges, soon to be anchored like the USS Bismarck into our easy chairs? We certainly won’t be hopping down any old bunny trail. Turns out, even the frequently pregnant daughter who lives on carrot juice and chardonnay, has also polished off a few dozen bags of peanut butter eggs. Your holiday confections show no mercy. Mr. Bunny, here’s my concern: This is a tough time for us humans, and your pre-Easter temptations are not helping. I mean nobody agrees on anything anymore, and Mr. Fixit thinks kale should be landfill. I thought you rabbits were about carrots? Adding insult to injury, it’s baseball season, which means a steady diet of soft pretzels at Fiore field, followed by hot dogs at Dover-Hendrix, and don’t forget the chili dog with jalapeños after a trek to Oxnard-El Rio. Due to my three rotten grandkids, now all in the game, I’ve become a Little League ballfield cuisine aficionado. And I’ve got the beef-jerky skin to prove it. If you wanna know which field never runs out of Cheetos, you’re in the right place. “We understand plump,” Mr. Fixit announces as he’s dicing his havarti to go with pretzel chips and olives as pregame warmup for the madness of March. “We?” I ask as I sneak the last piece of banana walnut bread out of the fridge and devour it before he busts me, trying to scoop the last bits of goo out of my receding gums before I say anything. I guess he’s noticed I’m beginning to resemble Miss Piggy. Seems the 20 pounds I lost found me again. And again. “I guess you’re getting ready for the Easter Bunny,” I tell my roommate as I spy a new bag of Easter egg peanut M&M’s, purchased by Mr. Fixit. “Yes,” he admits, “but I get that one confused with the Playboy Bunny.” “Oh really?” “Yes,” he continues. “It always happens this time of year. Must be those little white tails.” He thinks he’s hilarious. So, Mr. Bunny, or is it Ms.? Anyway, Madame Easter Bunny, thanks to you, my goofy husband and your Easter treats, I can only muse about when I used to remotely resemble the Playboy version of your species. Next year, only carrots and kale. Please. But can you make them taste like those crunchy little chocolate eggs? Thanks. Elizabeth Kirby has been around a long time—a resident of Thousand Oaks since 1983, whose glass is usually half full if she can find it. Her column appears twice a month in the Acorn. Reach her at kirby@theacorn.com or kirby.hanson@verizon.net. To read all her columns, check out her Facebook page https://www.facebook.com/#!/elizabethkirbyandhotflashes. Return to top Copyright © 2005-2016 J.Bee NP Publishing, Ltd., All Rights Reserved. Newspaper web site content management software and services
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY More Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY social Follow search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Buying a car? Your ZIP code can be key to rebates When it comes to car shopping, one of the weird tips out there is don't forget your ZIP code.  Post to Facebook Buying a car? Your ZIP code can be key to rebates When it comes to car shopping, one of the weird tips out there is don't forget your ZIP code.   Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/2oAsqkK {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Buying a car? Your ZIP code can be key to rebates Susan Tompor , Detroit Free Press Personal Finance Columnist 11:01 p.m. ET March 29, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share VIDEO PLAYLIST: MONEY MATTERSBest jobs of 2017 | 1:06 A new jobs site assessment of the best jobs to have in 2017 is heavy on the tech industry. Hannah Gaber/azcentral.com Wochit 1 of 10 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share VIDEO PLAYLIST: MONEY MATTERSIs grad school worth the cost? | 1:09 Going to graduate school can easily cost up to $100,000. With that much money on the line, here are some things to consider before you take the plunge. Read More: 7 Ways to Gauge Whether Grad School Is Worth the Cost Video provided by TheStreet Newslook 2 of 10 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share VIDEO PLAYLIST: MONEY MATTERSWhat to do with that tax refund | 1:04 So Uncle Sam has given you something back. Our experts suggest you try to make that money grow, by investing it, rather than just putting it in savings. Simply Money for The Enquirer 3 of 10 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share VIDEO PLAYLIST: MONEY MATTERS10 states with the highest tax rates | 0:56 California, Oregon, Minnesota, Iowa, New Jersey, Vermont, District of Columbia, New York, Hawaii and Wisconsin are the top 10 states with the highest tax rates. Newslook 4 of 10 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share VIDEO PLAYLIST: MONEY MATTERS6 things nobody tells you about buying a house | 0:59 Buying a new home can be very overwhelming, especially if it's your first one. These six tips – like getting extra inspections and researching your neighborhood beforehand – can help simplify the process. What are your best tips for new homeowners? Time 5 of 10 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share VIDEO PLAYLIST: MONEY MATTERSFive mistakes that are slamming your retirement savings | 3:53 Americans are making a series of easily fixable mistakes that are slamming their retirement savings. Newslook 6 of 10 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share VIDEO PLAYLIST: MONEY MATTERS7 celebrities who will inspire you to spend wisely | 1:32 Actor Terry Crews, originally from Flint, went viral after a wallet photo of him inspired a student to save cash, Detroit Free Press 7 of 10 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share VIDEO PLAYLIST: MONEY MATTERSGiving up $5 habits to save money | 2:03 Low-income families in Detroit get tips from a banker on how to save money. Susan Tompor, Detroit Free Press 8 of 10 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share VIDEO PLAYLIST: MONEY MATTERSWhat if you owe taxes but have no cash? | 1:59 The IRS has payment plans and recommends filing a return by April 18. Videolicious 9 of 10 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share VIDEO PLAYLIST: MONEY MATTERSSave those veggies! Tips for longer-lasting groceries | 1:48 Want to keep your food fresher longer? Money expert Matt Granite has some of the surprise tips to help make your produce, and other foods, last longer. 10 of 10Last VideoNext Video Best jobs of 2017 Is grad school worth the cost? What to do with that tax refund 10 states with the highest tax rates 6 things nobody tells you about buying a house Five mistakes that are slamming your retirement savings 7 celebrities who will inspire you to spend wisely Giving up $5 habits to save money What if you owe taxes but have no cash? Save those veggies! Tips for longer-lasting groceries Buy Photo Car rebates aren't always obvious and just painted on a windshield. It can help consumers to do some research before shopping around. (Photo: Detroit Free Press file photo, William Archie)Buy Photo 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE When it comes to car shopping, one of the weird tips out there is don't forget your ZIP code. The reason? Rebates aren't a one-size-fits-all proposition. While we see big national ads on TV, the reality is that dealers need to move cars and trucks off local lots. ZIP codes can unlock many incentives that may be offered at a given time on a specific vehicle in a metro area, said Brad Korner, general manager for Cox Automotive Rates & Incentives in Ann Arbor. As annoying as it might seem to take an extra step, consumers should plug in that ZIP code when researching car prices and deals online to determine local or regional incentives. Picture these examples, taken from AIS Rebates, a Cox Automotive company that offers rebate and incentive research and analysis: In late March, a 2017 Chevrolet Impala LT had $3,750 in incentives in Detroit versus $2,750 in Charlotte, N.C. A 2017 Buick Envision had $2,000 in incentives in Detroit versus $4,000 in Tampa, Fla. A 2017 Malibu LT had $3,000 in incentives in Detroit versus $4,000 in Chicago and other select markets. March incentives can change as early as April 1.  Can you simply head to another state to get a better discount? Probably not. Most often, carmakers will require that you use the rebates that would be available where you're going to be registering the car, Korner said. But the better equipped you are with information about the latest incentives before walking onto a car lot, the more likely you'll be able to negotiate the best deal possible for yourself. If you spot a special rebate online, make sure the car salesperson adds in that discount, too. When you know the right questions to ask, experts say, it's amazing how often a car salesperson can find another $1,000 or $2,000 in incentives. Many consumers would never imagine that dealers in different states could have different rebates on the same car — or incentives that go beyond what's advertised on TV.  But maybe an automaker wants to hold onto its competitive edge and market share in an area, so the carmaker has more reason to push pick-up trucks in Texas than, say, Rhode Island. And some incentives are applied to individual vehicle identification numbers to help sell specific, slow-to-move vehicles in a given area, Korner said. What are some clues for getting a better discount on a car? • Pay attention to special offers or conditional rebates.  If you're a recent college grad, look for things like College Cash. Automakers can have special rebates for college students and active military. Take time to understand what's required to be an eligible participant, said Alicia Rudowyj, import rebate manager and trainer at Cox Automotive Rates & Incentives. Nissan is offering $500 in Grad Cash, for example, on a 2017 Nissan 370Z Coupe. Among other requirements, Nissan wants proof of college graduation within the past 24 months or proof of current enrollment in a U.S. graduate school or written confirmation of an upcoming graduation within the next six months. When it comes to the military discount of $500, Nissan defines the military as U.S. active and reserve military, U.S. military veterans within 12 months of separation from active or reserve duty, and U.S. military retirees who have completed at least 20 years of active or reserve duty. Or there can be loyalty bonuses if an automaker wants to encourage drivers to stay with the same brand or even the same model. Some conquest bonuses are available if an automaker has a smaller market share but wants to lure consumers over to a new car brand. Sometimes you can find rebates on new 2016 cars that remain on the lot, as well as new 2017 models. Many times, automakers will peg special rebates to holidays or events, such as a local auto show. "This time of year is really big for auto shows. So you're going to see a lot of incentives there," Korner said. • Remember, incentives change over time.  For many car manufacturers, incentives can change on the first or the second of the month. But some incentives can be added during the month, too. Incentives tied to leasing will vary, too. To find out about rebates, check the manufacturer's website and other research spots, such as Kelley Blue Book at KBB.com or Edmunds.com. Ronald Montoya, senior consumer advice editor for Edmunds.com, said you want to find out what incentives you can stack — or use together. Think of it like using $10 in Kohl's cash or rewards on top of a 30%-off coupon when you're buying an item that's already on sale. In some cases, Montoya noted that an automaker's bonus cash cannot be combined with a low annual percentage rate offer at the dealership. Some recommend getting pre-approved for a car loan elsewhere before shopping in order to compare offers. In some cases, it may be better to take the rebate and find low-cost financing elsewhere. Montoya suggests double-checking with a salesperson to see whether there are other incentives, maybe local promotions that are not advertised nationally. Related: How much is too much for a car payment? Borrowers with bad credit could be more on edge in 2017 Bad credit? Jumping into a bad car loan could be easy Record number of car buyers 'upside down' on trade-ins • Think inside the big box. Big retailers, such as Costco and now Wal-Mart, to a limited degree, are offering auto-buying programs. No, they're not stocking SUVs next to the socks or salad fixings. Instead, it's often a way to connect car buyers with select dealerships that are offering low prices. Wal-Mart is working with a partner called CarSaver — an online auto retail platform — to provide the service. Wal-Mart has one pilot program through a store in Stuart, Fla. Automotive News reported in January that Wal-Mart will lease space in some additional stores this year. CarSaver, for example, will set up kiosks inside four stores in Arizona in April, according to Wal-Mart. Car dealer Earl Stewart, who writes a blog called Earloncars.com, said consumers can find a transparent pricing model via the Costco auto-buying program. Stewart, a Fla.-based auto dealer who loves to talk about the car buying process, said the Costco program can protect consumers from efforts by some car dealers to add dealer fees and dealer-installed options to a car or truck to boost the price. Stewart, who is the owner of Earl Stewart Toyota in North Palm Beach, Fla., said he is part of the Costco dealer network and must provide pricing that is a good value. Select dealers would have a Costco member-only price sheet to show the exclusive prearranged savings. Costco has 47 franchised dealers in Michigan. More than 3,000 dealerships participate nationwide. Costco's program can apply to new vehicles and pre-owned vehicles with a manufacturer's warranty. Only certain trained personnel at the select dealership are able to sell vehicles under the Costco program. Information is at CostcoAuto.com. Stewart said consumers would be entitled to applicable manufacturer rebates or special financing. He suggests that auto buyers ask to see the manufacturer’s invoice and the manufacturer's suggested retail price for the vehicle they select to see how much they saved as a Costco member. Another option is to review information on TrueCar.com — a digital automotive marketplace that provides pricing data about what other people paid for their cars and also powers some car-buying programs. You also might want to shop a dealer early in the month to compare prices and return at the end of the month to see whether a deal has improved. Not rushing to drive a car off a lot remains a good way to save money. Contact Susan Tompor: stompor@freepress.com or 313-222-8876. Follow her on Twitter @Tompor.  1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2oAsqkK
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Amazon to Shut Down Unprofitable Quidsi Division ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Amazon to Shut Down Unprofitable Quidsi Division By Laura Stevens Published March 29, 2017 Retail Dow Jones Newswires Facebook Twitter Print FILE PHOTO: Amazon.com's logo is seen at Amazon Japan's office building in Tokyo, Japan, August 8, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon (Copyright Reuters 2017) Amazon.com Inc. said Wednesday it is shutting down the company behind Diapers.com that it bought for more than $500 million because it was unprofitable. Continue Reading Below Amazon struck a deal for Quidsi, which also ran Soap.com, in late 2010 after it rose to prominence shipping diapers and other household staples largely for free -- a segment in which Amazon was also fiercely competing. "We have worked extremely hard for the past seven years to get Quidsi to be profitable, and unfortunately we have not been able to do so," an Amazon spokeswoman said. Quidsi's goods will be sold on Amazon.com, she said. Its software development team will be moved to AmazonFresh, the company's grocery division, she added. Amazon is laying off 263 employees, some of whom will have the opportunity to apply for other jobs within the company, according to a document filed with the New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development. "It probably makes sense from a cost and logistical perspective to integrate the operations, including the brands," said Colin Sebastian, an analyst with Robert W. Baird & Co. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Other than Diapers.com, the sites haven't been generating a lot of traffic, and much of it was referrals back and forth from Amazon.com anyway, he added. In addition, many of Quidsi's product categories are ones Amazon plans to delve into with its Fresh grocery business. Quidsi was co-founded by Marc Lore, who stayed with the company for about three years after Amazon's acquisition. Mr. Lore went on to found Amazon rival Jet.com, which was acquired by Wal-Mart Stores Inc. last year for $3.3 billion -- the largest price ever paid in a U.S. e-commerce startup acquisition. He is now head of Wal-Mart's U.S. online operations. Quidsi's Diapers.com, which launched in 2005, helped prove that consumers would buy household products online if a broad selection was paired with free, fast shipping. By the time of the acquisition in late 2010, however, Amazon had undercut its competitor on diaper prices and launched a service that offered free two-day shipping for new parents for three months or more. The Quidsi developers will be working on a current focus for Amazon: food and groceries, as it seeks a bigger share of consumer spending. Amazon's Fresh delivery service is available in more than 20 markets, and the company said this week it will open two brick-and-mortar pickup locations in its hometown of Seattle. At the stores, customers will be able to pick up groceries in as little as 15 minutes. But unlike the free delivery that was part of Quidsi's original pitch to consumers, AmazonFresh comes with additional fees. The company charges an extra $14.99 a month on top of its $99 annual Prime membership fee for the service. Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscriber Services Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search weather unavailableweather unavailable Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Human Interest Case closed, but family still wonders how toddler was left on Alafia River island US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News 13 killed, 2 hurt when church bus and truck crash in Texas Judge in Hawaii extends order blocking Trump's travel ban N.C. lawmakers, governor reach deal to end 'bathroom bill' standoff Pasco sheriff: 4-year-old Zephyrhills boy injured in accidental shooting About 200 march on South Tampa Publix, Wendy's to protest farm-worker exploitation News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana State Roundup Meet the Freedom Caucus, the group that dared to say no to President Donald Trump Top News Judge in Hawaii extends order blocking Trump's travel ban No one is showing cards yet, but a gambling compromise could be coming Legislature tries to turn the tables on judges in redistricting cases Melania Trump: An elusive — and reclusive — first lady Trump taps Christie, not Pam Bondi, to head opioid panel Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Spring Training Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More The Heater Saving the day? Rays go with catchers Derek Norris and Jesus Sucre Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News Tampa Catholic's Kevin Knox soars at McDonald's All-American Game Saving the day? Rays go with catchers Derek Norris and Jesus Sucre Lightning's Steven Stamkos could return this weekend (w/ video) Fennelly: Jon Cooper, Lightning's magician, hopes another playoff run's no illusion (w/ video) Dirk Koetter: Bucs look at NFC South chances and say 'this is possible' Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2017 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Food & Dining Dining Planner: Crowning the king at the Cuban Sandwich smackdown Top News Plan your weekend: Cuban Sandwich Festival, Rays opening day, new food event at the zoo Review: 'Personal Shopper' changes the conversation on Kristen Stewart A glossary to help you understand WrestleMania 33 in Orlando Movie Planner: 'Ghost in the Shell,' 'The Zookeeper's Wife' Dining Planner: Crowning the king at the Cuban Sandwich smackdown Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Times recommends: Vote yes on St. Petersburg soccer referendum Top Opinion Times recommends: Vote yes on St. Petersburg soccer referendum Ruth: Congress strips away your online privacy LeMieux: Lessons from the Republican health care debacle Leonard Pitts Jr.: Campaign 2016, journalism's biggest fail Ruth: Rays' stadium search a stew of money, politics, timing, Kismet Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Worse than the pain? The shame of endometriosis Top News Interview: Poet laureate Robert Pinsky on his work and the world Think you can learn to ski in a weekend? I tried Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test About 200 march on South Tampa Publix, Wendy's to protest farm-worker exploitation Anastasia Dawson, Times Staff Writer Link View all Articles ANASTASIA DAWSONTampa Bay Times Wednesday, March 29, 2017 9:50pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged TAMPA — About 200 protesters from across the state picketed outside two food giants Wednesday in support of the people who pick tomatoes in Florida. Related News/Archive Starbucks to open a cafe inside a Publix store in Tampa 6 Months Ago Instacart expands into Tampa Bay to deliver Publix groceries and more 5 Months Ago 1,200 Brandon-area customers lose power, Tampa Electric says 7 Months Ago The farm workers, students and church members marched the mile from the Publix GreenWise Market in Hyde Park to the Wendy's restaurant on Kennedy Boulevard Wednesday afternoon. They held banners calling for boycotts of the two brands unless they join the Fair Food Program. It's an effort that began in 2011, when Florida farm workers with the Coalition of Immokalee Workers created the partnership with Florida tomato growers and major food retailers to prevent produce purchases from companies that exploit their employees. Since then the group has recruited 14 corporations, including McDonald's, Walmart and Trader Joe's, to pay one penny more per pound of tomatoes to help increase workers' wages. The member organizations also promised to only purchase products from growers who adhere to a strict code of conduct that prohibits sexual harassment and forced labor. Still, not all major food retailers agree with the program. For seven years, Lakeland-based Publix has resisted increasing pressure to join the FFP, and has no plans to relent anytime soon. "It's very simple for us: They're asking us to pay a penny more per pound of tomatoes for the workers and we're asking them to put it in the price of their product," said Publix spokesman Brian West as he watched protestors march along the perimeter of the Hyde Park store Wednesday. "If you're not satisfied with your pay you don't go to the customer and talk about it, you talk to your boss, the people who pay your wage," West said. Wendy's got on the coalition's radar last year, when the company began purchasing tomatoes from Mexico instead of it's traditional vendors in Florida after the FFP began seeking reforms in the industry. A brief protest and candle-light vigil outside the Kennedy Boulevard fast-food restaurant during rush hour Wednesday marked the final stop in the coalition's 2,000-mile, 12-city "Return to Human Rights Tour." One after another, potential Wendy's customers chatted with police officers and took photos with their cell phones before making a U-turn in the parking lot and heading to the nearby Kentucky Fried Chicken, Taco Bell or McDonald's. "For me it means a lot because I see the changes where I work," said Cruz Salucio, as he marched across Kennedy Boulevard while scores of Tampa police officers on bicycles held back traffic. "Before the bosses felt like they could get away with anything and you were in an environment where you weren't respected," said Salucio, a 32-year-old who has worked in Immokalee's tomato fields for about 10 years. "Now we're starting to get the things that other workers take for granted, like being able to punch in and punch out so there's a record of how many hours you work, or having access to shade and clean drinking water." Other extreme abuses in the fields, such as sexual harassment and wage theft, have also declined dramatically since the FFP's inception, said the Rev. Noelle Damico, an organizer with the National Economic and Social Rights Initiative. Students such 21-year-old Alex Schelle, a social services major at New College of Florida in Sarasota, have spread the movement to campuses across the country. Next week, students at New College will fast to draw attention to the coalition's efforts, Schelle said. "It's really awesome how communities of faith and students can be drawn together to use their consumer powers to let these corporations know that this is already a successful program and all they have to do is join," Schelle said. Despite resistance from Publix and others, the group remains optimistic, she said. "I know we'll change their minds, we have before and we will now," said the Rev. Robert Murphy, 69, who marched with members of the Unitarian Universalist Church of Tarpon Springs. "We're asking for so little, just basic human decency," he said. Contact Anastasia Dawson at adawson@tampabay.com or (813) 226-3377. Follow @adawsonwrites. Previous Next Previous Next About 200 march on South Tampa Publix, Wendy's to protest farm-worker exploitation 03/29/17 [Last modified: Wednesday, March 29, 2017 9:50pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Today's top stats MORE Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Photo reprints and licensing Article reprints and licensing Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2017 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ U.S. pricing, availability, and offers Jordan Palmer Follow View All Posts 2017/03/29 10:34am PDTMar 29, 2017 10 Plus 1 on G+ 29 Share on Facebook 40 Share on Twitter Total Shares79 AT&T Cricket Wireless Galaxy S8 MetroPCS News Samsung Sprint T-Mobile US Cellular Verizon Wireless Videos Article Contents 1 Carriers 1.1 AT&T 1.2 Sprint 1.3 T-Mobile 1.4 U.S. Cellular 1.5 Verizon 2 Retail 2.1 Best Buy The Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ are finally official, after months of leaks, speculation, and rumors. The phone seems like more than just another iterative step for good ol' Sammy, what with the shift to softkeys for navigation (finally), the new screen aspect ratio, and so on. But as exciting as all of this is, I am certain that those of you who are interested in either phone will want to know where, when, and for how much you can pick one up. Luckily, we've compiled a nice list for you. Before we get started, here's the official blurb from Samsung: "In the U.S., the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ will be available in Midnight Black, Orchid Gray and Arctic Silver. Pre-orders for both Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ will begin at 12:01 EDT on March 30, 20173. AT&T, Cricket Wireless, Sprint, Straight Talk Wireless, T-Mobile, U.S. Cellular, and Verizon Wireless will carry the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ in stores beginning April 21. In addition, the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ will be available at all Best Buy stores as well as BestBuy.com, ShopSamsung app, Target and Walmart." Carriers Most of the carriers have chimed in at this point, although we are still missing information from Cricket and Straight Talk. We'll keep you updated as we learn more. AT&T The blue carrier has announced its pricing and availability for the S8. Pre-orders open tomorrow, March 30, and there are a few pricing options. AT&T Next customers can get the smaller phone for $25 per month, or the larger for $28.34 per month — both for 30-month terms.That, taking into account the 0% APR, brings the final retail price to $750 and $852 respectively, excluding taxes (which are due at the time of sale). In addition, Next customers are also eligible for the following promotions: Up to $750 in bill credits toward another S8/S8+ The new Gear VR controller and Oculus content bundle A Gear S3 for $49 with a two-year contract A Galaxy Tab E or Gear S2 for $0.99 with a two-year contract AT&T also mentions that Samsung's newest devices will be the first ones to take advantage of the carrier's "5G Evolution Markets" program. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are expected to be available on April 21. Sprint Sprint's pre-orders begin tomorrow, March 30th, including the same three colors as the other US carriers, along with the Gear VR bundle. You can also choose to upgrade to the Gear VR "Experience" bundle that includes a set of premium on-ear headphones and a 256GB memory card along with the Gear VR pack. Sprint will offer the S8 for $31.25 per month for 18 months on lease, and the S8+ will be $35.42 for the same 18 months. Sprint adds that Boost and Virgin will stock the standard S8 starting on April 21st. Sprint's standard retail price for S8 and S8+ will be $750 and $850, respectively. T-Mobile Team Magenta, on the other hand, released plenty of details for the S8, pricing, and network capabilities (what's a Tmo press release without the company talking about its network?). Customers can pre-order Samsung's latest at 9:01pm PT tonight, March 29. Both phones can be had for $30/month on the Equipment Installment Plan for 24 months. The catch is that the S8 requires $30 (plus taxes) down initially, whereas the S8+ requires $130 down. That makes the phones $750 and $850 respectively when all is said and done. Pre-orderers will also score the new Gear VR controller and Oculus content bundle for free. T-Mobile is also hyping up its new network technology, where the S8 will be the first to take advantage of a trifecta of stuff. I don't want to spoil your experience reading up on it, so be sure to check out the source links and the end of the post. MetroPCS customers can also take advantage of the pre-order freebies. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are supposed to launch on April 21. U.S. Cellular The underdog of the bunch, U.S. Cellular is also getting in on the new Galaxy goodness. Where this carrier is hoping to stand out is that customers can get the S8/S8+ for nothing down (with qualifying trade-in) — if you don't have such a device and want a new Galaxy S8, the company will give a you a $100 promo card. As for pricing, U.S. Cellular's press release doesn't actually specify what customers will pay. Though, if my calculator skills prove correct, I'd bet around $31/mo for the S8 and $35/mo for the S8+, assuming 0% APR and no down payment. Like its competitors, U.S. Cellular is giving its customers a Gear VR controller bundle for free if they pre-order between tomorrow, March 30, and April 20. I think it's pretty safe to assume that the phones will be available on April 21. U.S. Cellular reached out to us to offer a correction to the original press release. Only the Galaxy S8 will be "free," but the S8+ will cost $3.64 per month on a 30-month "retail installment contract." You can find the updated press release here or at the updated U.S. Cellular source link at the bottom of the post. Verizon We round out our carrier list with Verizon. Big Red is offering the Galaxy S8 and S8+ to Unlimited customers for $15/month for 24 months, 0% APR, with an eligible device trade-in. In short, that's a very good deal. Pre-orderers can choose between two additional options: 1). The new Gear VR controller and Oculus content bundle for free, or 2). the Experience Box, which includes the aforementioned free bundle plus a pair of Harman Kardon headphones and a 256GB microSD card, for $99. If you don't have a qualifying device for trade-in, then you'll need to pay $30 per month for the S8 ($720 final) or $35 per month for the S8+ ($840 final). Overall, Verizon has some of the better pricing for Samsung's new flagships. Both phones will be available on April 21. Retail There will be a few retail stores (besides the obvious carrier ones) where you can purchase a Galaxy S8 or S8+. Right now, we only have information from Best Buy, but you can also expect some news from Target and Walmart in the near future. Best Buy There isn't much to say with the electronics retailer, other than it is taking pre-orders for the S8/S8+ starting tomorrow. Like with Verizon, pre-orderers can get the Gear VR controller and Oculus content bundle for free or the Experience Box for $99. Best Buy is also offering Geek Squad Complete Protection (i.e. insurance) in case your phone breaks or something. Also be checking the stores and the website for cases, accessories, and whatnot. Source: AT&T, Sprint,  T-Mobile, U.S. Cellular,  Verizon, Best Buy Tags AT&T availability Best Buy Carriers galaxy s8 pricing Samsung Sprint T-Mobile Target US Cellular verizon wireless video walmart subscribe ... Previous Story Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series blasts its way onto the Play Store April 18th ... Next Story Exciting news for CRPG fans, Planescape Torment will see an enhanced edition release on April 11th Trending 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 Comments ddevito It's staggering to me to see people still falling for the carrier scam. Just buy the thing outright and save yourself a ton of dough in the long run. Cellphone Chris How is it any cheaper to do that? The carriers will allow you to buy outright as well - it's not like they charge interest on the installment plans. ddevito Right - then why use the carrier at all then? Suicide_Note The carrier versions have actually been getting updated quicker than the unlocked US models. Plus, the carriers offer easy installment plans. ddevito Okay, that's a good reason I guess. That's insane to me but I'm not disagreeing with you. Suicide_Note I agree. One would think the unlocked models would be updated faster, but unfortunately that hasn't been the case lately. Adil Tajgeer this. and with the phone launching on 7.0 instead of 7.1 i don't see samsung actually updating this round of unlocked phones in the US any faster. (the unlocked US model STILL doesn't have Nougat when all US carrier models do.) Jay Quir I dont beleive the unlocked model best buy will be selling will be the u.s. version. It will probably be a international one instead. Can't remember which international version the black s7 was though Adil Tajgeer I didn't think best buy sold international models, the s7 was a us unlocked model. But it would be better if they sold the intl ones since they seem to get better support. Jay Quir Yea they sold two versions of the gs7 one was the silver u.s. unlocked and the black international. I ended up taking back the black one due to not having samsung pay at the time ( I got way too used to Samsung Pay) now that samsung pay seems to be available in all countries ( I beleive) that shouldnt be a problem with the s8/s8 +. Although the international version s7 could not receive best buy geek squad protection. Jay Quir Yup still waiting for it, bet anything they wont update it until a month or so or the day of the s8 launch. Jay Quir Best buy up charges the unlocked models yet give you so many months to pay for it. All depends on how bad you dont want that carrier logo 😂 Suicide_Note Best Buy has the unlocked S8+ for $825, which is $25 cheaper than the carriers. Jay Quir Nice! Before they used to up charge the price. Still have to wait a month later but not that bad of a wait Doby Gillis Choice. Look up the definition if it confuses you. ddevito But won't you have more choices if bought outright? Adil Tajgeer i'm not sure i'm following your argument. what extra choices would you have in buying the unlocked model? as for cost, BYOD nets you the same discount as using an EIP on the major carriers, so you don't save anything on your bill. i can see if you want to use an MVNO and their service/price is a better option, but if one is happy with what they are getting service wise from a major carrier, there is no real benefit to buying a phone outright. if there is, please enlighten me, because i truly can't see the benefit. ddevito yes, more choice as in carriers. MVNOs use the same networks and are way cheaper. So I don't see YOUR point Adil Tajgeer MVNOs don't always offer the right service packages for everyone. if an MVNO works for you, then it's great as you can potentially save $20-30 a month, but if it doesn't and you're using a major carrier anyways, then there is really no reason to buy the phone outright. ddevito Okay, but you kind of said the same thing I did. Adil Tajgeer the issue is that MVNOs aren't a good deal for everyone. sometimes the plan offered by the major carrier works better for the user, and in that case, the EIP makes far more sense than buying the phone outright. everyone should shop around to see what works for them, being on a major carriers plan JUST to be able to get the phone in installments is a bad idea for sure. Michael2011 Just pay the damn thing off and free up your monthly income. You're essentially financing a phone and getting into debt. Debt is risk. Adil Tajgeer You're not spending any more or less money total either way. A fixed loan at 0% interest is not the same thing as a credit card, nor is it as dangerous. Michael2011 Lol. My friends who think like you are basically broke and better hope they stay in good health. Their monthly income is tied up in 0% fixed loans. One catastrophic event and they're bankrupt. Adil Tajgeer Sorry your friends have no idea how to manage their finances. Michael2011 Yup. As well as most Americans who believe debt (a fixed rate of 0% is still debt) is normal and acceptable. The problem is it ties up their income and introduces stress and risk because life happens (unexpected financial burdens). It's always best to save up and pay for toys in full. Michael2011 As well as many in countries where financing every little thing is normal. Have fun with your debt/liability. Adil Tajgeer I will, because the $30 a month is not going to break my budget. I know how to manage my money. Thanks! Michael2011 Sure you do. Keep living the debt life. Adil Tajgeer Keep living that judge life. You don't know me man, so kindly piss off with your judgement. Michael2011 You mad bro? Adil Tajgeer Nah, it really doesn't matter to me. Cellphone Chris I agree that updates are more timely. Also, why invest the capital up front when you don't need to? It's the same benefit of leasing a car - Controlled expense and the ability to upgrade more frequently - By the time your manufacturer's warranty is set to expire, you've most likely moved on to a newer device. ddevito Right, and I see your point of view with the warranty. But owning it outright gives you more choice and more flexibility with the device itself and the carrier it operates on. Yes, controlled expenses work when the total assets total much more than we have in our bank accounts (why mortgages exist, and car payments) but a < $1000 piece of equipment shouldn't have this much control of your expenses. It's ludicrous Cellphone Chris I agree with your assessment if the ability to switch carriers adds value for you. I've been very satisfied with mine, so I tend to lean the other way. Dllemm Except Sprint doesn't work with Verizon doesn't work with AT&T. And sim card locks. Justin W On top of that, with the value of money decreasing over time (inflation), paying $30/mo is better in the long-run with 0% interest than paying all of it down now, though of course this depends on whether or not you could/will invest the remaining amount in an investment that will be a net positive when considering inflation rate. MJ I don't know where you live but inflation is "low" in the US so that is not really a factor on "small" purchases like this. Saying that, I wouldn't ever buy a carrier phone nor want to be committed to service for the long term. This is ignoring the fact, that personally ,I could pay the balance immediately). niuguy Time value of money....$1 now is more valuable than $1 in a year. Inflation is only one component in that equation. MJ What? Time is a factor but NOT over two years for the amount in question. Again, inflation has been irrelevant for years now and the American dollar stable for even longer. The argument makes sense if purchasing a car or house but NOT a phone. Justin W I'd agree it's not a significant factor, but the value of money over time decreases in this economy. That may change, but typically it doesn't, but if we're looking at efficiency, that is probably the best way to do if you don't mind having a slightly higher monthly payment. As @niuguy:disqus said, the money is more valuable now than it will be in a month, a year, two years, etc. and that applies to pretty much everything. Defenestratus Believe it or not, many American's cannot find an emergency $500 if it came down to it. The smartest thing they did is release this around tax refund season since that is likely the only way a lot of people will be able to afford this handset at full retail. ddevito I agree with you, but it's so sad Maha Rashtrian Tax season point covered. Michael2011 Those people have no business buying a $750+ phone then. Adil Tajgeer if you're happy with your carrier, i don't see the issue with the EIP, it's a 0% interest loan and you need a carrier to use the phone anyways. if you are unhappy with service you can pay it off and move on, they will unlock the phone if its paid off, and with the verizon models they're unlocked anyways. i'd rather keep my money liquid than dump it all in a phone for no actual benefit. ddevito I don't mean to sound like an elitist, but having a "liquid" $800 isn't going to make or break you, and if you do your homework you will realize you will save money in the long run, thus being more "liquid" in the long run. I can understand expensive home appliances such as a furnace or roof, or a car payment, but not a smartphone. Adil Tajgeer that only works if you find an MVNO that is acceptable to you in terms of service for the price. metroPCS is $60 to get even close to the plan i have with tmo for $70, and they will still cap you at a far lower amount than tmo straighttalk is the same and will also cap you at a low amount same with mint so you have more options and can potentially save some money, but you also are getting less for that savings. i'll take my 30gb soft cap before throttling, unlimited international roaming, more tethering allowance, and other random perks for the $10-15 more a month. i get that $800-1000 isn't a ton of money, but i have yet to find an MVNO that really offers me much more for my money, and if one is on a major provider already then there is no benefit to sinking any amount of cash for no gain. ddevito I pay $55/month for Straight Talk on AT&T's network for 10GB. It's a great deal and I'm not capped until I reach the 10GB. Not sure what low amount you're referring to. Adil Tajgeer i pay $70 for unlimited on tmobile and i'm not capped until 30. being that i regularly use 15-20gb a month on average, the 10gb caps don't work for me, especially for the $15 in savings. plus their international roaming is a livesaver and has saved me a considerable amount of money traveling. most MVNOs at the 50+ price range will give you 10GB of data. if someone's usage is below 10GB (even more so if they use less than 6GB) MVNOs offer a good value, but if you use a lot of data (especially if you use more than 10GB) there is little benefit gained by using an MVNO. that is the crux of my argument, if you are happy with what you are getting from a major carrier, and MVNOs don't offer you what you need from a provider, then there is no benefit from buying the phone outright versus an EIP. if a new MVNO pops up, or offers a new plan that works better, simply paying off the phone you have will let you jump ship to them and you will be out the same money you would have been if you had bought it outright in the first place. niuguy The time value of money (TVM) is the idea that money available at the present time is worth more than the same amount in the future due to its potential earning capacity. This core principle of finance holds that, provided money can earn interest, any amount of money is worth more the sooner it is received. rockstarr27 The price isn't the issue, t-mobile is $750 with only $30 monthly payments, no interest, so you're actually saving money since it's still $750 in the future even when inflation has devalued your money. The real carrier scam is carrier lock-in. ddevito Okay, sure, but that's just T-Mobile. Unless you live in a metro area their coverage is miserable. MadMartigan "Unless you live in a metro area their coverage is miserable." So the LTE in my hometown is imaginary? Cool... DKBNYC How is having to pay off the phone a termination fee? You agreed to buy the phone at a set price. They were kind enough to let you do that over a set number of months. You decided 10 months in that you no longer want to use the service. Well you agreed to pay for a phone. Shouldn't you have to pay what you owe on your phone? " It isn't hard math to do once you realize how much dough you actually save with a sim-only/MVNO, etc." Didn't you have to buy a phone to use this? Whats the difference? tim242 It's the same price either way. ddevito For the phone, yes. But for service included, not even close. tim242 That has nothing to do with the price of the phone througj the carrier. ddevito I never said it did. But read your bill, you're paying for that phone whether you realize it or not. You simply want to troll and argue, but you're not doing a sufficient job keeping your argument going. I also added the cost of the service to my original point. In the long run you're paying more, it's a simple fact. You like paying more? Good for you, capitalism loves people like you. tim242 I don't know where you reside, but US carriers removed subsidies years ago. ddevito Yes. But you're still paying for it. But you're a troll, I get it. I'm moving on. MadMartigan "it's the same price either way" now equals trolling? I must have missed that memo - or the part where he made any kind of claim as to not "still paying for it"... tim242 I'm a troll for proving you wrong. Ok. yardie good luck buying a phone with no service what a tool TechGuy22 no, you end up paying more in long run tim242 What are you talking about? The S8 is $720 full retail on Verizon, or $30 per month for 24 months. That is $720 either way. yardie stop smoking crack bruh youre so stupid. please learn basic Math Benedict Weren't carrier phones also optimized for their specific network? ddevito Perhaps, but I don't believe that's the case with recent phones, but I can be wrong. Paco Inurreta I pay the same montly fee with my carrier with a phone or without it. Buying the phone from my carrier gives me 50% off the total phone price in a 24 month contract which I already use with or without a contract. So no, is not a scam if you know what the heck is up! Brendan Sprint seems to be offering a Gear VR with controller, content bundle, and an exclusive "Platinum Experience with Samsung Rewards". Cakefish UK pricing: S8: £689 S8+: £779 S7 series launch day pricing for comparison: S7: £569 (S8 is 21% more expensive) S7 edge: £639 (S8+ is 22% more expensive) Conclusion: thanks Brexit :( Moeen Ahmed Any VR headset available with pre orders? Checked Samsung and Carphone and neither seemed to offer VR headset. Christopher Bailey (Xcom923) you need to look at https://samsungpromotions.com/ X-47B You can't compare directly like that. You have to take into account inflation and base storage as well. Check prices against 64GB S7. Cakefish Yep, UK inflation is the highest it's been for years. I wonder why? Because Brexit. Samsung didn't sell 64GB S7 in UK by the way, only 32GB, so that comparison is moot. PC_Peasant’s number 1 fan S8 is more expensive in general too. Us TRUE €UROPEANS are gonna get fked too. Mike Marshall President of MSN!, is giving advice individuals to start "Work at home" method, that Loads of marketers have been doing more than a year now. These days only, I generated close to $36k so far with nothing but my computer and some free time, however i have a full-time nine to 5 job. Even everyone new at all to this, can make $50/per h undoubtedly and the income may go much very high over time... This is how i started >> http://adultadda.net/2Xk StopBeingOffendedDERP ridiculous blaming it on Brexit. Please, continue being a slave to a non-UK nation controlling who can enter your country and take jobs, vs. UK leaders. Cakefish Ridiculous eh? What caused the pound to drop considerably in value vs the US dollar in the last 12 months? Thereby making imported goods considerably more expensive. The Brexit referendum result. Francisco Peña Brexit happened 9 months ago. Maybe the pound dropped because the markets knew that Obama would finally leave and praise the banks that he did. StopBeingOffendedDERP The vote happened - the actual exit will take planning. Cakefish Brexit didn't happen 9 months ago, the referendum did. Article 50 was only just triggered today. So there's still roughly 2 years before the UK is officially out of the EU. And what does the former US president's term coming to an end have to do with the currency of the UK? StopBeingOffendedDERP As noted, Brexit would cause economic impact when first implemented. That would be 'short term'. If I were told 'merge with Mexico and Canada, let them dictate social, economic and trade policies, be powerless regarding who has essentially free reign to enter and hold jobs', I would gladly pay more money for luxury items. I guess that is my ultimate point. Overall, Brexit WILL be good for the UK and bad for the EU. Paying less to lose sovereignty is totally independence, IMHO. Cakefish They say 'short term' but this period of extreme economic uncertainty will last a minimum of another two years (until UK officially leaves the EU) and possibly many more as trade deals between nations often take many years to finalise and Scotland will try and break away again as soon as they can hold another independence referendum. Defenestratus So wait, if you do the pre-order promo do you get the VR headset with the controller? Or just the Controller? I'm so confused. Suicide_Note You get both. Defenestratus Score! Benedict Germany: Preorders are live, 799€, 899€, shipping 18th April 2017 rockstarr27 And unlocked is where? Synacks When Verizon means trade-in up top, do they mean existing customer trade-in as in Edge-Up? Or do they mean new customers trading in a device from another carrier? Corey W. Trading in any device, but it must be paid off entirely. tim242 They have the yearly upgrade now. They pay off the last half with your trade-in. But you have to have one of the devices from the last year or two that qualifies. Adil Tajgeer Tmobile is also offering that $99 SD card and headphone bundle, and i think samsung is giving the "platinum experience" thing on their end, so all carriers will be offering it Daniel Tiberius Which sd card and headphones are they? Adil Tajgeer Looks like a 256gb card and some on ear akg bt headphones Scott Looks like AT&T's BOGO deal requires a TV package :( TechGuy22 sounds good really expensive but if i can sell my s7 edge for around 300 then i'd be good Howard Stern ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ In addition, Next customers are also eligible for the following promotions: Up to $750 in bill credits toward another S8/S8+ WITH an additional line mind you. looks like a great device....but has battery improvements been made?? seems this will have the same lackluster battery the S7's had. Not that they were horrible, in my eyes, they couldve/shouldve been better. TechGuy22 also bootloader better not locked PC_Peasant’s number 1 fan It is, if you want that don't bother with Samsung TechGuy22 the exynos will be unlocked. the s7 edge is unlocked running remix rom Corey W. Man that $50 Gear S3 is a killer deal even with the $5/m for 24months, that's only a $170bucks headpiece747 Too bad Verizon is not offering that I would get the S8 and S3 in a heartbeat if they did. Corey W. Same lol. On Verizon too. Averix Please include the stupid upgrade fees in this pricing. Verizon's cost isn't so attractive when you tack on a useless $30 fee to each phone that has no clear value. MadMartigan T-Mobile is doing this now as well, but I don't remember the exact total of the "upgrade fee".... Lame. dabug91 $30 is what it was years ago. Isn't it $40 now? Averix Pretty sure it's still $30. A few years ago, the fee only applied to contract upgrades. If you were off contract, there was no fee. Then they made the fee mandatory for all. A $30 fee for me to swap a SIM chip ON MY OWN. If they want to charge an in-store setup fee of $30 for people that can't figure out what they're doing, fine. But making me pay a nebulous fee with 0 tangible benefit to me just makes me irritated. Aaron Did you call them first before SIM swapping? I mean if you are buying a new phone through them I can see where they have you but I have never noticed a charge when SIM swapping between phones myself. Of course Verizon tells you that you can't, but I've never noticed any issues afterward. dabug91 Well it was $40 even two years ago. It started at $30 in 2012, went to $35, and then $40, and now it's back down to $30. https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2017/01/verizon-raises-upgrade-fee-to-cover-increased-cost-but-its-costs-declined/ Ryan Cottrell Just do it on Verizonwireless.com and they usually waive the fee Averix No, they don't anymore. They used to online for full price buys, but it's locked in as part of the sale now. You may be able to get it waived if you call, but I wouldn't hold my breath. AbbyZFresh Samsung fans will be able to satisfy their burning desire for a new Galaxy product. It's gonna blow up the smartphone market. Marty The back looks like my Note 5. Nothing different. kapilmachi S8 is all about the front side. Marty ...except for the fingerprint scanner. Analyst_NYC So if i am already an AT&T customer, I can get buy 1 get 1 free (bill credits)? ArrTooDeeToo Meh Margaritas Ante Porcos Still no word on TouchWiz? Did they make it lighter or does it still suck as always? TouchWiz is the only big thank in Samsung phone that makes me look the other way. Kevin I have the S7Edge on Nougat and they've done wonders for TouchWiz (and I think they're calling it something else now). It's still not as lightweight as stock Android but it's considerably better than it's ever been and no longer makes me want to punch the nearest baby. jonzey231 Unlocked availability? Good_Ole_Pinocchio #Unlocked https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/f4745c019aae7e3c05746af0e61186e5fb91f093c06fdbaea6e834c1cf1ea30a.png Barron Roth Any downside to getting this version? Good_Ole_Pinocchio I mean it's fully unlocked and has the bands for all carriers...... But the unlocked S7 still doesn't have nougat....So theres that. Leonardo Baez You will get updates faster on an unlocked device than a carrier one Good_Ole_Pinocchio No. The US Unlocked models still don't have nougat. All the carrier variants do. Leonardo Baez I bet you that will be an upgrade OTA on the first week after unboxing it Good_Ole_Pinocchio Bro I'm taking about the unlocked S7 from last year lol. Daniel Tiberius Yeah that used to be the case but not anymore. :-( Mike O Probably the best... but those are looking at a May release. Eddy Nelson Lopez Look at the model number, if it ends with the letter U do not buy it if you care about software updates, if the variant ends with the F then do buy it, that's the best variant to receive Software updates and rhe Fastest thanks to the exynos processor. Eddy Nelson Lopez Is this the unlocked version finishing with a letter X like they did with the poor S7 that does not even have 7.0 yet or That's the the one finishing with the letter F AKA the best variant to buy and exynos variant? Good_Ole_Pinocchio The "U" model is the US Model that doesn't have Nougat. Don't think there's an X model. Best Buy used to sell the F International model but I don't think they do anymore since the U model became a thing last year. Eddy Nelson Lopez You're right, the U is the bad variant, the X is the variant they use for Demo purposes at the stores. Leonardo Baez Quick and dirty preview from Casey Neistat. (He works closely with samsung and got a preview sample unit) https://youtu.be/n0makpckS8c Maybe is the unfinished firmware or something else.... but the image quality of video and pictures looks better in the iPhone. Maybe something that can be corrected with an update? Jay Quir Not going to lie I have recently thought about going from cricket to att because of their direct tv cell phone plan bundle. Yet still trying to see if it will save me money in the long run. Anyone have that plan and dont mind saying how much they pay a month for it? Ailín Ó’S Irish pricing (probably same in the rest of the EU.) S8: €799.99 S8+ €899.99 Interestingly there's a network here (3) which will sell the phone 8 days before general release if someone preorders. Must be preordered by 12/4 however which means the phone will be available on 20/4 instead of 28/April. Richard Markert 95xU news? Mr. Robot "Pre-orders for both Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ will begin at 12:01 EDT on March 30, 20173" I strongly doubt there's much interest in the S8 by 20173 ;-) brgulker Is it just me, or is that fingerprint sensor in just about the worst possible spot imaginable? Who likes fingerprints all over their camera lenses!?!?! Bonedatt It's just you 😉 Wildcard Funny, if this were a HTC phone, you guys would have been killing them over the pricing Bonedatt Yea but htc screwed themselves. Always one step forward two steps backwards. They just started listening again to their customers. A little too late if you ask me, but I wish them well. I'm a fan of their designs. dblock Really on the fence about getting one of these. They appear to be quite nice, but I don't know if I want to lock myself into Verizon or not. Plus, the new rumors of the OnePlus 5 having an edge variant has me curious. Seeing as OPO phones are kind of the new Nexus phones these days. Vivek Rameses When does opo release their devices? dblock Just doing a quick search on the release dates for the OPO 2 and 3, looks like the summer months is when they typically release new devices. So, hopefully we can expect to seem some details soon on a device from them, with a release in June or July. Dllemm S8 plus? I had to double check, but it looks like they're ripping off Apple's naming scheme now? Cakefish What suffix or prefix would you give the larger model? Daniel Tiberius Ultra!! Cakefish That has been 'claimed' by HTC though ;) Mike O Venti? Dllemm XL or Pro or Edge or something their #1 direct competitor didn't just started using. Suresh Aryal There was Galaxy S2 plus years before iPhone plus. Dllemm It would help their credibility if (A) they were upfront about pricing and (B) acknowledge that most people use phone cases in their marketing and build the back of their phones more rigid. Daniel Tiberius Anyone know if I can still use Jump On Demand on T-Mobile for this? Flo R. S8 € 799.- S8+ € 899.- In Austria http://www.saturn.at/de/shop/samsung-s8.html?utm_medium=affilate&utm_campaign=SE%5F%5Fsparhamster%2Dpost&utm_source=sparhamster&etcc_var=textlink&etcc_grp=sparhamster&dclid=CNaO16DU_NICFYyPGwodyNEOnA Fiorta I gotta get rid of this Nexus 6. It's terrible... G6 or S8?! Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Ju kidding me mon? S8 or S8 Plus. G6 is nice, but not worth $750. iluvthesoftsoft One Plus 3T, and save $300-$400. Bonedatt OP3T... That's the equivalent (processor wise) to the G6. Eddy Nelson Lopez I can't believe people still buy phones from US carriers, that's the stupidest idea you can have, just buy the european variant at full price and forget about US carriers controlling your software updates and Just use a pre-paid company like Simple Mobile. lomsha You do that and let others make purchases as they wish. It's a free world. krazy $1199 and $1349 in Australia... Insane! Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 14 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 26 [Deal Alert] Pick up an AUKEY car charger with a QC 3.0 port and a USB Type-C 5V 3A port for $9.20 (Normally $19.99) 2017/03/25 5:23pm PDTMar 25, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Get a Triby portable speaker with Amazon Alexa for $69.99 on Woot! (65% off) 2017/03/25 5:00am PDTMar 25, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 203 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 156 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 88 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 Not one to let a franchise sit on its laurels, Ubisoft is bringing its Tom Clancy series to Android 2017/03/29 2:09pm PDTMar 29, 2017 4 Exciting news for CRPG fans, Planescape Torment will see an enhanced edition release on April 11th 2017/03/29 11:45am PDTMar 29, 2017 5 Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series blasts its way onto the Play Store April 18th 2017/03/29 9:22am PDTMar 29, 2017 28 Inbox v1.43 prepares to give users more control over notification frequency by looking for high priority messages [APK Teardown] 2017/03/29 9:21am PDTMar 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 66 1 Year Ago Today Amazon Updates Its Policies To Ban USB Type-C Cables That Are Not Fully Spec Compliant 2016/03/29 8:29pm PDTMar 29, 2016 95 2 Years Ago Today Upbeat Monsters Icon Pack Fills Your Homescreen With Adorable Googly-Eyed Apps 2015/03/29 11:57am PDTMar 29, 2015 79 3 Years Ago Today Rumor: Google Now Will Help You Remember, Pay Your Bills [APK Teardown] 2014/03/29 11:55am PDTMar 29, 2014 69 4 Years Ago Today [New App] BBQScreen Mirrors Your Display On A Computer At 25FPS (Root Only) 2013/03/29 7:31pm PDTMar 29, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today WSJ: Google To Open Online Store This Year, Will Sell Tablets Independently Of Retailers (Perhaps With The Launch Of Jellybean) 2012/03/29 8:56pm PDTMar 29, 2012 9 6 Years Ago Today Get Your Credit Cards Ready - Android In-App Billing System Now Live (P.S. Devs, No More Separate Lite/Paid Apps, Please) 2011/03/29 8:34pm PDTMar 29, 2011 11 7 Years Ago Today Upgrade Your Android Phone's External Storage With A-Data Turbo 16GB Class 6 MicroSD Card - Review And Benchmarks 2010/03/29 11:15pm PDTMar 29, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 63 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 105 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 35 Galaxy S7 and S7 edge vs Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+: Photos, comparisons, specs, and more 2017/03/29 8:00am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 7 Days 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 63 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 105 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 142 queries | 0.518s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close By Traders For Traders Live Trading News HOME Investments Real Estate Education Strategy Stocks US Stocks Australia OTC Markets Futures Asia Middle East Currencies Commodities Metals Grains Crude Oil FX Politics America Asia Australia Middle East Terrorism Lifestyle Luxury Travel Dubai Health Opinion Shayne Heffernan Paul Ebeling Sports Fishing Formula One Ferrari Horse Racing Formula One NFL Dubai World Cup Contact Us Privacy Policy Free Trial Consulting IR EB5 CrowdFunding Contributors Marketing Metals Race Horse Syndication Monetization of Bank Instruments One Ohana The Deal Sheet Managed FX Asset Management Asia Business Financial Solutions Emaar Malls’ Souq.com Bid to Limit Amazon’s Regional Growth By Paul Ebeling on March 29, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post Emaar Malls’ Souq.com Bid to Limit Amazon’s Regional Growth $AMZN Emaar Malls has submitted an $800-M bid to acquire Souq.com Emaar Malls’ “competitive” bid for UAE-based e-Commerce retailer Souq.com could help the traditional retailer prevent Amazon’s immediate entry into the regional market, according to an analyst. Dubai-listed Emaar Malls confirmed Monday that it had submitted an $800-M bid to acquire Souq.com. The bid has not been accepted. yet The move is “in line with our strategy to align e-commerce with physical shopping,” Emaar Malls said. Last week, it was reported that online shopping giant Amazon had agreed to fully acquire Souq.com after previously backing away from a deal. The news has not yet been confirmed. “Emaar Malls’ bid for Souq.com makes sense,” said Paul Cuatrecasas, CEO of Aquaa Partners. “Souq is already an e-Commerce giant in the region, and as a commercial property developer, Emaar Malls has seen the destructive effect e-Commerce players have had on traditional retail profitability in the developing world. “In the US, established retailers, like Walmart and Kroger, are fighting for their lives against competition from Amazon, who not only offers a wider range of products, but a better customer experience and faster delivery too. Walmart and Kroger have been caught on the backfoot, and they are now trying to catch up by investing in technology. “Emaar Malls can’t afford to find itself in the same position in a few years’ time – it needs to limit Amazon’s growth at all costs. The best way to do this is to make sure that Amazon can’t get a significant foothold in the market in the first place,” he said. Souq was valued at $1-B in its last funding round in which it raised $275-M from investors including Standard Chartered. Amazon is reported to be offering less than that valuation, the amount is around $650-M. “The competitive bid for Souq is a sensible way to keep Amazon out of the market, and if it means that Emaar Malls can help stave off potential competition that would lead to its death in 5, 10, or even 20 years, as well as enhance the customer experience going forward, then $800-M is a relatively cheap price to pay,” said Mr. Cuatrecasas. “But the real genius of this bid is that it is not only defensive – it’s offensive too. By putting itself in a powerful position to drive growth through e-Commerce, Emaar Malls is ramping up competition with other established commercial developers in the market. “It believes that the future of retail is online, or online combined with an enhanced offline shopping ‘experience’, and that Souq could also drive a new generation of growth for the company in the region.” The GCC’s e-commerce market is expected to grow to $20-B by Y 2020 from $5.3-B in Y 2015, according to a report by consultancy AT Kearney. By Aarti Nagraj Paul Ebeling, Editor   Amazon, AMZN, competition, Dubai, e-commerce, Emaar, GCC, growth, market, online, shopping Emaar Malls’ Souq.com Bid to Limit Amazon’s Regional Growth added by Paul Ebeling on March 29, 2017 View all posts by Paul Ebeling → The following two tabs change content below. Bio Latest Posts Paul Ebeling Paul A. Ebeling, polymath, excels in diverse fields of knowledge. Pattern Recognition Analyst in Equities, Commodities and Foreign Exchange and author of “The Red Roadmaster’s Technical Report” on the US Major Market Indices™, a highly regarded, weekly financial market letter, he is also a philosopher, issuing insights on a wide range of subjects to a following of over 250,000 cohorts. An international audience of opinion makers, business leaders, and global organizations recognizes Ebeling as an expert. Latest posts by Paul Ebeling (see all) The False Compassion of Liberalism - March 29, 2017 Emaar Malls’ Souq.com Bid to Limit Amazon’s Regional Growth - March 29, 2017 Sheriffs Who Want Sanctuary Cities “Need to Quit Their Jobs” - March 29, 2017 Related posts: Retailers Rally, Driving S&P 500 to Record Highs Mid-Caps Stocks Leading in the US Market Rally Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations US Housing Starts +3%, Led by Single-family Homes Subscribe You must be logged in to post comments :   CONNECT WITH FREE HEFFX MEMBERSHIP TODAY   Enter Email * First Name * Last Name * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Live Trading News. (You can unsubscribe anytime) Constant Contact Use. By submitting this form, you are granting: heffx, 3 Raffles Place, Singapore, 048617, permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy (http://constantcontact.com/legal/privacy-statement) for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact. Booking.com Category Specific RSS All Topics Stocks FX Politics Horse Racing Opinion Travel Health Asia Business Asset Management Consulting Contact Us Privacy Policy Contributors CrowdFunding EB5 Financial Solutions Free Trial IR Live Trading Room Managed FX Marketing Metals Monetization of Bank Instruments One Ohana Race Horse Syndication The Deal Sheet Copyright 2016 HEFFX.com © 2017, ↑ Live Trading News By Traders For Traders
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path PCMagPicks Windows10CreatorsUpdate SamsungDeX GalaxyS8 FCCPrivacyData Menu Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Cell Phones/ The Best Deals for the Samsung Galaxy S8 The Best Deals for the Samsung Galaxy S8 By Sascha Segan March 29, 2017 05:12pm EST 10 Comments The Samsung Galaxy S8 goes on pre-sale March 30. Here's how to save $100. The Samsung Galaxy S8 is arriving soon everywhere; Samsung says pre-orders begin March 30 and phones ship April 21, though that timetable will likely depend on your carrier. The phone will be available from AT&T, Cricket Wireless, Sprint, Straight Talk Wireless, T-Mobile, U.S. Cellular, and Verizon Wireless, as well as Best Buy, Target, and Walmart. There are a bewildering array of plan options. You can buy it up front, on fast-upgrade plans, or on payment plans. Your best deals, almost certainly, will come from third-party retailers such as Best Buy. Samsung says all pre-orders should include a free Gear VR headset with a controller. If you want to add a 256GB MicroSD card and AKG Bluetooth headphones, that will be $99 more. That's a good deal, as a high-quality (not trash) 256GB MicroSD card alone costs around $129 right now. There won't be a non-carrier-branded model of the phone in the US to start, but Samsung told us that an officially unlocked, all carrier-compatible unit will follow "within a few months." Verizon models are always unlocked, but it'll initially be difficult to buy a Verizon model without a Verizon account. So far, we've gotten prices from the four major carriers and two retailers. AT&T, Sprint and T-Mobile are all charging $750 for the S8 and $850 for the S8+. On AT&T, if you go for the AT&T Next payment plan, have two lines of service, and you're also a DirecTV customer, you can get credits towards a second Galaxy S8 to the tune of $25 a month for 30 months. Or, if you choose a two-year contract, you can get a Gear S3 watch for $49, or a Samsung Tab E or a Gear S2 for 99 cents. All of those would be on contract. Sprint has a deal where if you lease the Galaxy S8, you'll be able to upgrade to a Galaxy S9 after 12 months, having paid only $375 for your phone (but you'll have to give it back to Sprint.) Verizon is charging slightly less than the other carriers: $720 for the S8 and $840 for the S8+. We haven't seen prices from U.S. Cellular or the prepaid carriers yet. Remember, if you have another phone that's paid off, you can sell it or trade it in to help finance your Galaxy S8 purchase. The carriers have their own trade-in programs, and we also have a guide to some third-party options here. Better Buy at Best Buy Best Buy and Target are undercutting the carriers' direct prices, hoping you'll also spend money on accessories or other home electronics. Best Buy's discount looks cleaner; it's just a discount. Target gives you a gift card. Best Buy: "Up to $100 off," if you use payment plans from AT&T, Sprint, and Verizon. On the AT&T Next plan, Best Buy says that lowers the overall price of an S8 from $724.99 to $674.99, and an S8+ drops from $824.99 to $724.99. Target: A flier leaked last week shows a deal for a $100 gift card on AT&T, Sprint, and Verizon. Walmart: No details yet. For more, check out my Galaxy S8 Q&A from today's launch event below. Hands on with the Galaxy S8, live at Samsung Unpacked! Posted by PCMag on Wednesday, March 29, 2017 Back to top Previous : Galaxy S8 May Be the Fastest Phone on Every Network By Sascha Segan Lead Analyst, Mobile Twitter Email PCMag.com's lead mobile analyst, Sascha Segan, has reviewed hundreds of smartphones, tablets and other gadgets in more than 9 years with PCMag. He's the head of our Fastest Mobile Networks project, one of the hosts of the daily PCMag Live Web show and speaks frequently in mass media on cell-phone-related issues. His commentary has appeared on ABC, the BBC, the CBC, CNBC, CNN, Fox News, and in newspapers from San Antonio, Texas to Edmonton, Alberta. Segan is also a multiple award-winning travel writer, having contributed... More » More Stories by Sascha Galaxy S8 May Be the Fastest Phone on Every Network The Samsung Galaxy S8 is T-Mobile's first 'gigabit phone' and can hear Sprint's LTE signals better t... More » Samsung Mobile CEO: Note 7 'Was Like Heaven to Hell' In an interview with PCMag, Samsung's mobile CEO discusses regaining consumer trust and where he wan... More » Inside Samsung's Galaxy S8 Testing Facility Samsung showed us how much force it takes to make a Galaxy S8 battery explode, and what it's doing t... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles The Best Amazon Alexa Skills Everything Leaving Netflix in April New iPad vs. iPad Pro 9.7-Inch: Apple Tablet Showdown Two-Factor Authentication: Who Has It and How to Set It Up The Coolest Cases, Mounts, and Stands for Amazon Echo 23 Cool Tricks and Secret Gems Inside Facebook Messenger »See More //Related Reviews Apple iPhone 7 Plus Google Pixel Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge The Best Phones of 2017 //Discover... Meet the Robots Who Are Scarily Close to Being Human 22 Things You Didn't Know Your Chromecast Could Do 13 Secret Codes That Unlock Hidden Features on Your Phone »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
News Local Oil & Gas National Sports World Entertainment Business Breaking News Alerts News Tips About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Local Sports Entertainment Oil & Gas National Loading articles... Volunteers desperately needed for Food Banks spring food drive Charity Community Events Local News by melaniewalsh Posted Mar 29, 2017 5:39 pm MDT PHOTO. Supplied. The Wood Buffalo Food Bank hosts an annual Spring Food Drive to help get food out to residents in need The Wood Buffalo Food Bank will be having their third annual Spring Food Drive this weekend. They are desperate for 100 more volunteers. The food drive will be occurring at every local grocery store including Wal-Mart and Anzac on Saturday, April 1 from 9:00 a.m. till 9:00 p.m. and Sunday, April 2 from 9:00 a.m. till 7:00 p.m. Volunteers will help out buy manning the trucks, collecting monetary and food donations and handing out shopping lists and bags. Volunteer Coordinator, Anna Noble says that Volunteers are really the driving force behind the food bank. “This year our demand is so high, especially after the wildfire. We need volunteers to help us run these events, we could not do anything without them,” said Noble, “this ensures that we are able to keep supporting the community and getting the food out for those in need.” If you would like to sign up to volunteer for the food drive you can go to the Wood Buffalo Food Bank website. If you can’t make it this weekend, the Food Bank is always looking for volunteers in their warehouse, they are open Monday-Friday 8:30 a.m.-8:30 p.m. #ymm|foodbank|fooddrive|RMWB Movie Trailers March 24, 2017 to March 30, 2017 Landmark 6, 10015 Manning Ave. PH:791-6610 Landmark Cinemas Landmark Cinemas Fort McMurray Weekend Listings: Beauty and the Beast (PG) 3D 10:00pm 12:00pm / 3:00pm / 3:45pm / 6:15pm / 7:00pm / 9:15pm Kong: Skull Island (PG) 10:30pm Goon: Last of the Enforcers (14A) 3:30pm / 6:45pm / 9:45pm Get Out (14A) 4:00pm / 7:15pm / 10:15pm Logan (18A) 3:15pm / 6:30pm / 9:30pm 660 NEWS CALGARY NATIONAL Brad Wall letter prompts some intrigue and irritation in Alberta Mar 29, 2017, 5:51 PM Cenovus Energy to buy most ConocoPhillips assets for $17.7 billion Mar 29, 2017, 4:56 PM Condo market stabilizing in Calgary Mar 29, 2017, 2:57 PM See future rodeo stars at Stampede Park Mar 29, 2017, 2:48 PM Family in California to reunite with missing cat found in southern Ontario Mar 29, 2017, 2:19 PM Saskatchewan invites Alberta companies to move east Mar 29, 2017, 2:11 PM Defence chief promises action as review finds major problems at military college Mar 29, 2017, 10:50 AM Navy commander overwhelmed by visit to historic cotton tree in Sierra Leone Mar 29, 2017, 10:44 AM Canadian found guilty of insulting Turkey's president released as lawyer appeals case Mar 29, 2017, 9:51 AM Trudeau says child care budget plan 'huge' as critics call it overselling Mar 29, 2017, 9:46 AM Warmer weather on way for Maritimes, but meteorologist warns more snow possible Mar 29, 2017, 9:18 AM New Brunswick lowers small business income tax rate to three per cent Mar 27, 2017, 7:17 AM BUSINESS SPORTSNET OIL & GAS ENTERTAINMENT AP EXPLAINS: What the death of broadband privacy rules means Mar 29, 2017, 10:54 AM Windows update will bring 3-D, game tools and less clutter Mar 29, 2017, 10:50 AM 2 women charge racial discrimination at Fox News Mar 29, 2017, 10:40 AM Fears for Indonesian park's rare species as Trump town rises Mar 29, 2017, 10:33 AM Etihad to lend US-bound passengers iPads as ban workaround Mar 29, 2017, 10:27 AM NHL to unveil protected and available player lists for expansion draft Mar 29, 2017, 5:41 PM Big Read: The Oral History of Toronto FC Mar 29, 2017, 10:06 AM Draisaitl’s play with McDavid creating nice problem for Oilers Mar 29, 2017, 5:06 PM Blue Jays reliever Bo Schultz undergoes Tommy John surgery Mar 29, 2017, 4:48 PM Source: Montreal baseball investors have met MLB conditions Mar 29, 2017, 4:24 PM Environmental groups concerned pipeline project will increase tanker traffic Jul 26, 2016, 8:20 AM Oil prices poised to slide, crude glut continues Jul 26, 2016, 7:33 AM "Distasteful" ad prompts Canada Action to further distance itself from former volunteer Jul 25, 2016, 2:35 PM Oil spill forces Prince Albert to shutdown water intake Jul 25, 2016, 10:11 AM ConocoPhillips Canada plans to cut upwards of 300 staff, mostly in Calgary Jul 22, 2016, 1:01 PM Lamar Odom regrets affairs, says cocaine helped end career Mar 29, 2017, 11:36 AM Disney moves Magic Kingdom metal detectors to ticket centre Mar 29, 2017, 11:23 AM St. Louis services set for April 9 for rock icon Chuck Berry Mar 29, 2017, 11:07 AM Fallon's 'Tonight' heads to Florida with Vin Diesel, Pitbull Mar 29, 2017, 11:07 AM Champlain settled here first, N.S. mayor says after mini-series snub Mar 29, 2017, 10:59 AM Home About Us Contact Us Breaking News Alerts Advertise with us Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 9912 Franklin Ave, Fort McMurray, Alberta T9H 2K5 © 2016-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ U.S. pricing, availability, and offers Jordan Palmer Follow View All Posts 2017/03/29 10:34am PDTMar 29, 2017 10 Plus 1 on G+ 29 Share on Facebook 40 Share on Twitter Total Shares79 AT&T Cricket Wireless Galaxy S8 MetroPCS News Samsung Sprint T-Mobile US Cellular Verizon Wireless Videos Article Contents 1 Carriers 1.1 AT&T 1.2 Sprint 1.3 T-Mobile 1.4 U.S. Cellular 1.5 Verizon 2 Retail 2.1 Best Buy The Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ are finally official, after months of leaks, speculation, and rumors. The phone seems like more than just another iterative step for good ol' Sammy, what with the shift to softkeys for navigation (finally), the new screen aspect ratio, and so on. But as exciting as all of this is, I am certain that those of you who are interested in either phone will want to know where, when, and for how much you can pick one up. Luckily, we've compiled a nice list for you. Before we get started, here's the official blurb from Samsung: "In the U.S., the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ will be available in Midnight Black, Orchid Gray and Arctic Silver. Pre-orders for both Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ will begin at 12:01 EDT on March 30, 20173. AT&T, Cricket Wireless, Sprint, Straight Talk Wireless, T-Mobile, U.S. Cellular, and Verizon Wireless will carry the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ in stores beginning April 21. In addition, the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ will be available at all Best Buy stores as well as BestBuy.com, ShopSamsung app, Target and Walmart." Carriers Most of the carriers have chimed in at this point, although we are still missing information from Cricket and Straight Talk. We'll keep you updated as we learn more. AT&T The blue carrier has announced its pricing and availability for the S8. Pre-orders open tomorrow, March 30, and there are a few pricing options. AT&T Next customers can get the smaller phone for $25 per month, or the larger for $28.34 per month — both for 30-month terms.That, taking into account the 0% APR, brings the final retail price to $750 and $852 respectively, excluding taxes (which are due at the time of sale). In addition, Next customers are also eligible for the following promotions: Up to $750 in bill credits toward another S8/S8+ The new Gear VR controller and Oculus content bundle A Gear S3 for $49 with a two-year contract A Galaxy Tab E or Gear S2 for $0.99 with a two-year contract AT&T also mentions that Samsung's newest devices will be the first ones to take advantage of the carrier's "5G Evolution Markets" program. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are expected to be available on April 21. Sprint Sprint's pre-orders begin tomorrow, March 30th, including the same three colors as the other US carriers, along with the Gear VR bundle. You can also choose to upgrade to the Gear VR "Experience" bundle that includes a set of premium on-ear headphones and a 256GB memory card along with the Gear VR pack. Sprint will offer the S8 for $31.25 per month for 18 months on lease, and the S8+ will be $35.42 for the same 18 months. Sprint adds that Boost and Virgin will stock the standard S8 starting on April 21st. Sprint's standard retail price for S8 and S8+ will be $750 and $850, respectively. T-Mobile Team Magenta, on the other hand, released plenty of details for the S8, pricing, and network capabilities (what's a Tmo press release without the company talking about its network?). Customers can pre-order Samsung's latest at 9:01pm PT tonight, March 29. Both phones can be had for $30/month on the Equipment Installment Plan for 24 months. The catch is that the S8 requires $30 (plus taxes) down initially, whereas the S8+ requires $130 down. That makes the phones $750 and $850 respectively when all is said and done. Pre-orderers will also score the new Gear VR controller and Oculus content bundle for free. T-Mobile is also hyping up its new network technology, where the S8 will be the first to take advantage of a trifecta of stuff. I don't want to spoil your experience reading up on it, so be sure to check out the source links and the end of the post. MetroPCS customers can also take advantage of the pre-order freebies. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are supposed to launch on April 21. U.S. Cellular The underdog of the bunch, U.S. Cellular is also getting in on the new Galaxy goodness. Where this carrier is hoping to stand out is that customers can get the S8/S8+ for nothing down (with qualifying trade-in) — if you don't have such a device and want a new Galaxy S8, the company will give a you a $100 promo card. As for pricing, U.S. Cellular's press release doesn't actually specify what customers will pay. Though, if my calculator skills prove correct, I'd bet around $31/mo for the S8 and $35/mo for the S8+, assuming 0% APR and no down payment. Like its competitors, U.S. Cellular is giving its customers a Gear VR controller bundle for free if they pre-order between tomorrow, March 30, and April 20. I think it's pretty safe to assume that the phones will be available on April 21. U.S. Cellular reached out to us to offer a correction to the original press release. Only the Galaxy S8 will be "free," but the S8+ will cost $3.64 per month on a 30-month "retail installment contract." You can find the updated press release here or at the updated U.S. Cellular source link at the bottom of the post. Verizon We round out our carrier list with Verizon. Big Red is offering the Galaxy S8 and S8+ to Unlimited customers for $15/month for 24 months, 0% APR, with an eligible device trade-in. In short, that's a very good deal. Pre-orderers can choose between two additional options: 1). The new Gear VR controller and Oculus content bundle for free, or 2). the Experience Box, which includes the aforementioned free bundle plus a pair of Harman Kardon headphones and a 256GB microSD card, for $99. If you don't have a qualifying device for trade-in, then you'll need to pay $30 per month for the S8 ($720 final) or $35 per month for the S8+ ($840 final). Overall, Verizon has some of the better pricing for Samsung's new flagships. Both phones will be available on April 21. Retail There will be a few retail stores (besides the obvious carrier ones) where you can purchase a Galaxy S8 or S8+. Right now, we only have information from Best Buy, but you can also expect some news from Target and Walmart in the near future. Best Buy There isn't much to say with the electronics retailer, other than it is taking pre-orders for the S8/S8+ starting tomorrow. Like with Verizon, pre-orderers can get the Gear VR controller and Oculus content bundle for free or the Experience Box for $99. Best Buy is also offering Geek Squad Complete Protection (i.e. insurance) in case your phone breaks or something. Also be checking the stores and the website for cases, accessories, and whatnot. Source: AT&T, Sprint,  T-Mobile, U.S. Cellular,  Verizon, Best Buy Tags AT&T availability Best Buy Carriers galaxy s8 pricing Samsung Sprint T-Mobile Target US Cellular verizon wireless video walmart subscribe ... Previous Story Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series blasts its way onto the Play Store April 18th ... Next Story Exciting news for CRPG fans, Planescape Torment will see an enhanced edition release on April 11th Trending 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 Comments ddevito It's staggering to me to see people still falling for the carrier scam. Just buy the thing outright and save yourself a ton of dough in the long run. Cellphone Chris How is it any cheaper to do that? The carriers will allow you to buy outright as well - it's not like they charge interest on the installment plans. ddevito Right - then why use the carrier at all then? Suicide_Note The carrier versions have actually been getting updated quicker than the unlocked US models. Plus, the carriers offer easy installment plans. ddevito Okay, that's a good reason I guess. That's insane to me but I'm not disagreeing with you. Suicide_Note I agree. One would think the unlocked models would be updated faster, but unfortunately that hasn't been the case lately. Adil Tajgeer this. and with the phone launching on 7.0 instead of 7.1 i don't see samsung actually updating this round of unlocked phones in the US any faster. (the unlocked US model STILL doesn't have Nougat when all US carrier models do.) Jay Quir I dont beleive the unlocked model best buy will be selling will be the u.s. version. It will probably be a international one instead. Can't remember which international version the black s7 was though Adil Tajgeer I didn't think best buy sold international models, the s7 was a us unlocked model. But it would be better if they sold the intl ones since they seem to get better support. Jay Quir Yea they sold two versions of the gs7 one was the silver u.s. unlocked and the black international. I ended up taking back the black one due to not having samsung pay at the time ( I got way too used to Samsung Pay) now that samsung pay seems to be available in all countries ( I beleive) that shouldnt be a problem with the s8/s8 +. Although the international version s7 could not receive best buy geek squad protection. Jay Quir Yup still waiting for it, bet anything they wont update it until a month or so or the day of the s8 launch. Jay Quir Best buy up charges the unlocked models yet give you so many months to pay for it. All depends on how bad you dont want that carrier logo 😂 Suicide_Note Best Buy has the unlocked S8+ for $825, which is $25 cheaper than the carriers. Jay Quir Nice! Before they used to up charge the price. Still have to wait a month later but not that bad of a wait Doby Gillis Choice. Look up the definition if it confuses you. ddevito But won't you have more choices if bought outright? Adil Tajgeer i'm not sure i'm following your argument. what extra choices would you have in buying the unlocked model? as for cost, BYOD nets you the same discount as using an EIP on the major carriers, so you don't save anything on your bill. i can see if you want to use an MVNO and their service/price is a better option, but if one is happy with what they are getting service wise from a major carrier, there is no real benefit to buying a phone outright. if there is, please enlighten me, because i truly can't see the benefit. ddevito yes, more choice as in carriers. MVNOs use the same networks and are way cheaper. So I don't see YOUR point Adil Tajgeer MVNOs don't always offer the right service packages for everyone. if an MVNO works for you, then it's great as you can potentially save $20-30 a month, but if it doesn't and you're using a major carrier anyways, then there is really no reason to buy the phone outright. ddevito Okay, but you kind of said the same thing I did. Adil Tajgeer the issue is that MVNOs aren't a good deal for everyone. sometimes the plan offered by the major carrier works better for the user, and in that case, the EIP makes far more sense than buying the phone outright. everyone should shop around to see what works for them, being on a major carriers plan JUST to be able to get the phone in installments is a bad idea for sure. Michael2011 Just pay the damn thing off and free up your monthly income. You're essentially financing a phone and getting into debt. Debt is risk. Adil Tajgeer You're not spending any more or less money total either way. A fixed loan at 0% interest is not the same thing as a credit card, nor is it as dangerous. Michael2011 Lol. My friends who think like you are basically broke and better hope they stay in good health. Their monthly income is tied up in 0% fixed loans. One catastrophic event and they're bankrupt. Adil Tajgeer Sorry your friends have no idea how to manage their finances. Michael2011 Yup. As well as most Americans who believe debt (a fixed rate of 0% is still debt) is normal and acceptable. The problem is it ties up their income and introduces stress and risk because life happens (unexpected financial burdens). It's always best to save up and pay for toys in full. Michael2011 As well as many in countries where financing every little thing is normal. Have fun with your debt/liability. Adil Tajgeer I will, because the $30 a month is not going to break my budget. I know how to manage my money. Thanks! Michael2011 Sure you do. Keep living the debt life. Adil Tajgeer Keep living that judge life. You don't know me man, so kindly piss off with your judgement. Michael2011 You mad bro? Adil Tajgeer Nah, it really doesn't matter to me. Cellphone Chris I agree that updates are more timely. Also, why invest the capital up front when you don't need to? It's the same benefit of leasing a car - Controlled expense and the ability to upgrade more frequently - By the time your manufacturer's warranty is set to expire, you've most likely moved on to a newer device. ddevito Right, and I see your point of view with the warranty. But owning it outright gives you more choice and more flexibility with the device itself and the carrier it operates on. Yes, controlled expenses work when the total assets total much more than we have in our bank accounts (why mortgages exist, and car payments) but a < $1000 piece of equipment shouldn't have this much control of your expenses. It's ludicrous Cellphone Chris I agree with your assessment if the ability to switch carriers adds value for you. I've been very satisfied with mine, so I tend to lean the other way. Dllemm Except Sprint doesn't work with Verizon doesn't work with AT&T. And sim card locks. Justin W On top of that, with the value of money decreasing over time (inflation), paying $30/mo is better in the long-run with 0% interest than paying all of it down now, though of course this depends on whether or not you could/will invest the remaining amount in an investment that will be a net positive when considering inflation rate. MJ I don't know where you live but inflation is "low" in the US so that is not really a factor on "small" purchases like this. Saying that, I wouldn't ever buy a carrier phone nor want to be committed to service for the long term. This is ignoring the fact, that personally ,I could pay the balance immediately). niuguy Time value of money....$1 now is more valuable than $1 in a year. Inflation is only one component in that equation. MJ What? Time is a factor but NOT over two years for the amount in question. Again, inflation has been irrelevant for years now and the American dollar stable for even longer. The argument makes sense if purchasing a car or house but NOT a phone. Justin W I'd agree it's not a significant factor, but the value of money over time decreases in this economy. That may change, but typically it doesn't, but if we're looking at efficiency, that is probably the best way to do if you don't mind having a slightly higher monthly payment. As @niuguy:disqus said, the money is more valuable now than it will be in a month, a year, two years, etc. and that applies to pretty much everything. Defenestratus Believe it or not, many American's cannot find an emergency $500 if it came down to it. The smartest thing they did is release this around tax refund season since that is likely the only way a lot of people will be able to afford this handset at full retail. ddevito I agree with you, but it's so sad Maha Rashtrian Tax season point covered. Michael2011 Those people have no business buying a $750+ phone then. Adil Tajgeer if you're happy with your carrier, i don't see the issue with the EIP, it's a 0% interest loan and you need a carrier to use the phone anyways. if you are unhappy with service you can pay it off and move on, they will unlock the phone if its paid off, and with the verizon models they're unlocked anyways. i'd rather keep my money liquid than dump it all in a phone for no actual benefit. ddevito I don't mean to sound like an elitist, but having a "liquid" $800 isn't going to make or break you, and if you do your homework you will realize you will save money in the long run, thus being more "liquid" in the long run. I can understand expensive home appliances such as a furnace or roof, or a car payment, but not a smartphone. Adil Tajgeer that only works if you find an MVNO that is acceptable to you in terms of service for the price. metroPCS is $60 to get even close to the plan i have with tmo for $70, and they will still cap you at a far lower amount than tmo straighttalk is the same and will also cap you at a low amount same with mint so you have more options and can potentially save some money, but you also are getting less for that savings. i'll take my 30gb soft cap before throttling, unlimited international roaming, more tethering allowance, and other random perks for the $10-15 more a month. i get that $800-1000 isn't a ton of money, but i have yet to find an MVNO that really offers me much more for my money, and if one is on a major provider already then there is no benefit to sinking any amount of cash for no gain. ddevito I pay $55/month for Straight Talk on AT&T's network for 10GB. It's a great deal and I'm not capped until I reach the 10GB. Not sure what low amount you're referring to. Adil Tajgeer i pay $70 for unlimited on tmobile and i'm not capped until 30. being that i regularly use 15-20gb a month on average, the 10gb caps don't work for me, especially for the $15 in savings. plus their international roaming is a livesaver and has saved me a considerable amount of money traveling. most MVNOs at the 50+ price range will give you 10GB of data. if someone's usage is below 10GB (even more so if they use less than 6GB) MVNOs offer a good value, but if you use a lot of data (especially if you use more than 10GB) there is little benefit gained by using an MVNO. that is the crux of my argument, if you are happy with what you are getting from a major carrier, and MVNOs don't offer you what you need from a provider, then there is no benefit from buying the phone outright versus an EIP. if a new MVNO pops up, or offers a new plan that works better, simply paying off the phone you have will let you jump ship to them and you will be out the same money you would have been if you had bought it outright in the first place. niuguy The time value of money (TVM) is the idea that money available at the present time is worth more than the same amount in the future due to its potential earning capacity. This core principle of finance holds that, provided money can earn interest, any amount of money is worth more the sooner it is received. rockstarr27 The price isn't the issue, t-mobile is $750 with only $30 monthly payments, no interest, so you're actually saving money since it's still $750 in the future even when inflation has devalued your money. The real carrier scam is carrier lock-in. ddevito Okay, sure, but that's just T-Mobile. Unless you live in a metro area their coverage is miserable. MadMartigan "Unless you live in a metro area their coverage is miserable." So the LTE in my hometown is imaginary? Cool... DKBNYC How is having to pay off the phone a termination fee? You agreed to buy the phone at a set price. They were kind enough to let you do that over a set number of months. You decided 10 months in that you no longer want to use the service. Well you agreed to pay for a phone. Shouldn't you have to pay what you owe on your phone? " It isn't hard math to do once you realize how much dough you actually save with a sim-only/MVNO, etc." Didn't you have to buy a phone to use this? Whats the difference? tim242 It's the same price either way. ddevito For the phone, yes. But for service included, not even close. tim242 That has nothing to do with the price of the phone througj the carrier. ddevito I never said it did. But read your bill, you're paying for that phone whether you realize it or not. You simply want to troll and argue, but you're not doing a sufficient job keeping your argument going. I also added the cost of the service to my original point. In the long run you're paying more, it's a simple fact. You like paying more? Good for you, capitalism loves people like you. tim242 I don't know where you reside, but US carriers removed subsidies years ago. ddevito Yes. But you're still paying for it. But you're a troll, I get it. I'm moving on. MadMartigan "it's the same price either way" now equals trolling? I must have missed that memo - or the part where he made any kind of claim as to not "still paying for it"... tim242 I'm a troll for proving you wrong. Ok. yardie good luck buying a phone with no service what a tool TechGuy22 no, you end up paying more in long run tim242 What are you talking about? The S8 is $720 full retail on Verizon, or $30 per month for 24 months. That is $720 either way. yardie stop smoking crack bruh youre so stupid. please learn basic Math Benedict Weren't carrier phones also optimized for their specific network? ddevito Perhaps, but I don't believe that's the case with recent phones, but I can be wrong. Paco Inurreta I pay the same montly fee with my carrier with a phone or without it. Buying the phone from my carrier gives me 50% off the total phone price in a 24 month contract which I already use with or without a contract. So no, is not a scam if you know what the heck is up! Brendan Sprint seems to be offering a Gear VR with controller, content bundle, and an exclusive "Platinum Experience with Samsung Rewards". Cakefish UK pricing: S8: £689 S8+: £779 S7 series launch day pricing for comparison: S7: £569 (S8 is 21% more expensive) S7 edge: £639 (S8+ is 22% more expensive) Conclusion: thanks Brexit :( Moeen Ahmed Any VR headset available with pre orders? Checked Samsung and Carphone and neither seemed to offer VR headset. Christopher Bailey (Xcom923) you need to look at https://samsungpromotions.com/ X-47B You can't compare directly like that. You have to take into account inflation and base storage as well. Check prices against 64GB S7. Cakefish Yep, UK inflation is the highest it's been for years. I wonder why? Because Brexit. Samsung didn't sell 64GB S7 in UK by the way, only 32GB, so that comparison is moot. PC_Peasant’s number 1 fan S8 is more expensive in general too. Us TRUE €UROPEANS are gonna get fked too. Mike Marshall President of MSN!, is giving advice individuals to start "Work at home" method, that Loads of marketers have been doing more than a year now. These days only, I generated close to $36k so far with nothing but my computer and some free time, however i have a full-time nine to 5 job. Even everyone new at all to this, can make $50/per h undoubtedly and the income may go much very high over time... This is how i started >> http://adultadda.net/2Xk StopBeingOffendedDERP ridiculous blaming it on Brexit. Please, continue being a slave to a non-UK nation controlling who can enter your country and take jobs, vs. UK leaders. Cakefish Ridiculous eh? What caused the pound to drop considerably in value vs the US dollar in the last 12 months? Thereby making imported goods considerably more expensive. The Brexit referendum result. Francisco Peña Brexit happened 9 months ago. Maybe the pound dropped because the markets knew that Obama would finally leave and praise the banks that he did. StopBeingOffendedDERP The vote happened - the actual exit will take planning. Cakefish Brexit didn't happen 9 months ago, the referendum did. Article 50 was only just triggered today. So there's still roughly 2 years before the UK is officially out of the EU. And what does the former US president's term coming to an end have to do with the currency of the UK? StopBeingOffendedDERP As noted, Brexit would cause economic impact when first implemented. That would be 'short term'. If I were told 'merge with Mexico and Canada, let them dictate social, economic and trade policies, be powerless regarding who has essentially free reign to enter and hold jobs', I would gladly pay more money for luxury items. I guess that is my ultimate point. Overall, Brexit WILL be good for the UK and bad for the EU. Paying less to lose sovereignty is totally independence, IMHO. Cakefish They say 'short term' but this period of extreme economic uncertainty will last a minimum of another two years (until UK officially leaves the EU) and possibly many more as trade deals between nations often take many years to finalise and Scotland will try and break away again as soon as they can hold another independence referendum. Defenestratus So wait, if you do the pre-order promo do you get the VR headset with the controller? Or just the Controller? I'm so confused. Suicide_Note You get both. Defenestratus Score! Benedict Germany: Preorders are live, 799€, 899€, shipping 18th April 2017 rockstarr27 And unlocked is where? Synacks When Verizon means trade-in up top, do they mean existing customer trade-in as in Edge-Up? Or do they mean new customers trading in a device from another carrier? Corey W. Trading in any device, but it must be paid off entirely. tim242 They have the yearly upgrade now. They pay off the last half with your trade-in. But you have to have one of the devices from the last year or two that qualifies. Adil Tajgeer Tmobile is also offering that $99 SD card and headphone bundle, and i think samsung is giving the "platinum experience" thing on their end, so all carriers will be offering it Daniel Tiberius Which sd card and headphones are they? Adil Tajgeer Looks like a 256gb card and some on ear akg bt headphones Scott Looks like AT&T's BOGO deal requires a TV package :( TechGuy22 sounds good really expensive but if i can sell my s7 edge for around 300 then i'd be good Howard Stern ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ In addition, Next customers are also eligible for the following promotions: Up to $750 in bill credits toward another S8/S8+ WITH an additional line mind you. looks like a great device....but has battery improvements been made?? seems this will have the same lackluster battery the S7's had. Not that they were horrible, in my eyes, they couldve/shouldve been better. TechGuy22 also bootloader better not locked PC_Peasant’s number 1 fan It is, if you want that don't bother with Samsung TechGuy22 the exynos will be unlocked. the s7 edge is unlocked running remix rom Corey W. Man that $50 Gear S3 is a killer deal even with the $5/m for 24months, that's only a $170bucks headpiece747 Too bad Verizon is not offering that I would get the S8 and S3 in a heartbeat if they did. Corey W. Same lol. On Verizon too. Averix Please include the stupid upgrade fees in this pricing. Verizon's cost isn't so attractive when you tack on a useless $30 fee to each phone that has no clear value. MadMartigan T-Mobile is doing this now as well, but I don't remember the exact total of the "upgrade fee".... Lame. dabug91 $30 is what it was years ago. Isn't it $40 now? Averix Pretty sure it's still $30. A few years ago, the fee only applied to contract upgrades. If you were off contract, there was no fee. Then they made the fee mandatory for all. A $30 fee for me to swap a SIM chip ON MY OWN. If they want to charge an in-store setup fee of $30 for people that can't figure out what they're doing, fine. But making me pay a nebulous fee with 0 tangible benefit to me just makes me irritated. Aaron Did you call them first before SIM swapping? I mean if you are buying a new phone through them I can see where they have you but I have never noticed a charge when SIM swapping between phones myself. Of course Verizon tells you that you can't, but I've never noticed any issues afterward. dabug91 Well it was $40 even two years ago. It started at $30 in 2012, went to $35, and then $40, and now it's back down to $30. https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2017/01/verizon-raises-upgrade-fee-to-cover-increased-cost-but-its-costs-declined/ Ryan Cottrell Just do it on Verizonwireless.com and they usually waive the fee Averix No, they don't anymore. They used to online for full price buys, but it's locked in as part of the sale now. You may be able to get it waived if you call, but I wouldn't hold my breath. AbbyZFresh Samsung fans will be able to satisfy their burning desire for a new Galaxy product. It's gonna blow up the smartphone market. Marty The back looks like my Note 5. Nothing different. kapilmachi S8 is all about the front side. Marty ...except for the fingerprint scanner. Analyst_NYC So if i am already an AT&T customer, I can get buy 1 get 1 free (bill credits)? ArrTooDeeToo Meh Margaritas Ante Porcos Still no word on TouchWiz? Did they make it lighter or does it still suck as always? TouchWiz is the only big thank in Samsung phone that makes me look the other way. Kevin I have the S7Edge on Nougat and they've done wonders for TouchWiz (and I think they're calling it something else now). It's still not as lightweight as stock Android but it's considerably better than it's ever been and no longer makes me want to punch the nearest baby. jonzey231 Unlocked availability? Good_Ole_Pinocchio #Unlocked https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/f4745c019aae7e3c05746af0e61186e5fb91f093c06fdbaea6e834c1cf1ea30a.png Barron Roth Any downside to getting this version? Good_Ole_Pinocchio I mean it's fully unlocked and has the bands for all carriers...... But the unlocked S7 still doesn't have nougat....So theres that. Leonardo Baez You will get updates faster on an unlocked device than a carrier one Good_Ole_Pinocchio No. The US Unlocked models still don't have nougat. All the carrier variants do. Leonardo Baez I bet you that will be an upgrade OTA on the first week after unboxing it Good_Ole_Pinocchio Bro I'm taking about the unlocked S7 from last year lol. Daniel Tiberius Yeah that used to be the case but not anymore. :-( Mike O Probably the best... but those are looking at a May release. Eddy Nelson Lopez Look at the model number, if it ends with the letter U do not buy it if you care about software updates, if the variant ends with the F then do buy it, that's the best variant to receive Software updates and rhe Fastest thanks to the exynos processor. Eddy Nelson Lopez Is this the unlocked version finishing with a letter X like they did with the poor S7 that does not even have 7.0 yet or That's the the one finishing with the letter F AKA the best variant to buy and exynos variant? Good_Ole_Pinocchio The "U" model is the US Model that doesn't have Nougat. Don't think there's an X model. Best Buy used to sell the F International model but I don't think they do anymore since the U model became a thing last year. Eddy Nelson Lopez You're right, the U is the bad variant, the X is the variant they use for Demo purposes at the stores. Leonardo Baez Quick and dirty preview from Casey Neistat. (He works closely with samsung and got a preview sample unit) https://youtu.be/n0makpckS8c Maybe is the unfinished firmware or something else.... but the image quality of video and pictures looks better in the iPhone. Maybe something that can be corrected with an update? Jay Quir Not going to lie I have recently thought about going from cricket to att because of their direct tv cell phone plan bundle. Yet still trying to see if it will save me money in the long run. Anyone have that plan and dont mind saying how much they pay a month for it? Ailín Ó’S Irish pricing (probably same in the rest of the EU.) S8: €799.99 S8+ €899.99 Interestingly there's a network here (3) which will sell the phone 8 days before general release if someone preorders. Must be preordered by 12/4 however which means the phone will be available on 20/4 instead of 28/April. Richard Markert 95xU news? Mr. Robot "Pre-orders for both Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ will begin at 12:01 EDT on March 30, 20173" I strongly doubt there's much interest in the S8 by 20173 ;-) brgulker Is it just me, or is that fingerprint sensor in just about the worst possible spot imaginable? Who likes fingerprints all over their camera lenses!?!?! Bonedatt It's just you 😉 Wildcard Funny, if this were a HTC phone, you guys would have been killing them over the pricing Bonedatt Yea but htc screwed themselves. Always one step forward two steps backwards. They just started listening again to their customers. A little too late if you ask me, but I wish them well. I'm a fan of their designs. dblock Really on the fence about getting one of these. They appear to be quite nice, but I don't know if I want to lock myself into Verizon or not. Plus, the new rumors of the OnePlus 5 having an edge variant has me curious. Seeing as OPO phones are kind of the new Nexus phones these days. Vivek Rameses When does opo release their devices? dblock Just doing a quick search on the release dates for the OPO 2 and 3, looks like the summer months is when they typically release new devices. So, hopefully we can expect to seem some details soon on a device from them, with a release in June or July. Dllemm S8 plus? I had to double check, but it looks like they're ripping off Apple's naming scheme now? Cakefish What suffix or prefix would you give the larger model? Daniel Tiberius Ultra!! Cakefish That has been 'claimed' by HTC though ;) Mike O Venti? Dllemm XL or Pro or Edge or something their #1 direct competitor didn't just started using. Suresh Aryal There was Galaxy S2 plus years before iPhone plus. Dllemm It would help their credibility if (A) they were upfront about pricing and (B) acknowledge that most people use phone cases in their marketing and build the back of their phones more rigid. Daniel Tiberius Anyone know if I can still use Jump On Demand on T-Mobile for this? Flo R. S8 € 799.- S8+ € 899.- In Austria http://www.saturn.at/de/shop/samsung-s8.html?utm_medium=affilate&utm_campaign=SE%5F%5Fsparhamster%2Dpost&utm_source=sparhamster&etcc_var=textlink&etcc_grp=sparhamster&dclid=CNaO16DU_NICFYyPGwodyNEOnA Fiorta I gotta get rid of this Nexus 6. It's terrible... G6 or S8?! Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Ju kidding me mon? S8 or S8 Plus. G6 is nice, but not worth $750. iluvthesoftsoft One Plus 3T, and save $300-$400. Bonedatt OP3T... That's the equivalent (processor wise) to the G6. Eddy Nelson Lopez I can't believe people still buy phones from US carriers, that's the stupidest idea you can have, just buy the european variant at full price and forget about US carriers controlling your software updates and Just use a pre-paid company like Simple Mobile. lomsha You do that and let others make purchases as they wish. It's a free world. krazy $1199 and $1349 in Australia... Insane! Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 14 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 26 [Deal Alert] Pick up an AUKEY car charger with a QC 3.0 port and a USB Type-C 5V 3A port for $9.20 (Normally $19.99) 2017/03/25 5:23pm PDTMar 25, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Get a Triby portable speaker with Amazon Alexa for $69.99 on Woot! (65% off) 2017/03/25 5:00am PDTMar 25, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 203 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 156 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 88 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 Not one to let a franchise sit on its laurels, Ubisoft is bringing its Tom Clancy series to Android 2017/03/29 2:09pm PDTMar 29, 2017 4 Exciting news for CRPG fans, Planescape Torment will see an enhanced edition release on April 11th 2017/03/29 11:45am PDTMar 29, 2017 5 Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series blasts its way onto the Play Store April 18th 2017/03/29 9:22am PDTMar 29, 2017 28 Inbox v1.43 prepares to give users more control over notification frequency by looking for high priority messages [APK Teardown] 2017/03/29 9:21am PDTMar 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 66 1 Year Ago Today Amazon Updates Its Policies To Ban USB Type-C Cables That Are Not Fully Spec Compliant 2016/03/29 8:29pm PDTMar 29, 2016 95 2 Years Ago Today Upbeat Monsters Icon Pack Fills Your Homescreen With Adorable Googly-Eyed Apps 2015/03/29 11:57am PDTMar 29, 2015 79 3 Years Ago Today Rumor: Google Now Will Help You Remember, Pay Your Bills [APK Teardown] 2014/03/29 11:55am PDTMar 29, 2014 69 4 Years Ago Today [New App] BBQScreen Mirrors Your Display On A Computer At 25FPS (Root Only) 2013/03/29 7:31pm PDTMar 29, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today WSJ: Google To Open Online Store This Year, Will Sell Tablets Independently Of Retailers (Perhaps With The Launch Of Jellybean) 2012/03/29 8:56pm PDTMar 29, 2012 9 6 Years Ago Today Get Your Credit Cards Ready - Android In-App Billing System Now Live (P.S. Devs, No More Separate Lite/Paid Apps, Please) 2011/03/29 8:34pm PDTMar 29, 2011 11 7 Years Ago Today Upgrade Your Android Phone's External Storage With A-Data Turbo 16GB Class 6 MicroSD Card - Review And Benchmarks 2010/03/29 11:15pm PDTMar 29, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 63 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 105 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 35 Galaxy S7 and S7 edge vs Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+: Photos, comparisons, specs, and more 2017/03/29 8:00am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 7 Days 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 63 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 105 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 142 queries | 0.518s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
null
Customer Care Contact Us Staff Directory Circulation Redeliver Paper Vacation Hold Online Access Help Newsroom Corrections News Tip Letters to the Editor You Said It Media Kit Place a Classified Subscribe Login Register 40° F Clear Wind E at 1 MPH Pressure 1015 MB Dewpoint 24° F Visibility 8 miles Area forecast >     Home Weather Breaking News Columnists Obituaries Magazines Coupons Oil & Gas RSS Contests News Western Colorado Colorado U.S. World Business Blotter Politics Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns You Said It Sports High School CMU GJ Rockies Local Results College Columns Community JUCO Wrestling Outdoors Hiking & Camping Biking Hunting & Fishing Snow Sports Spring Summer Fall Winter Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home & Garden Food Celebrate! Pets Entertainment Music Movies Television Puzzles & Games Festivals and Events Blogs Music on the Goe Birds and More Photos & Video All Photo Galleries All Videos Sandstone to Summit Directories Downtown Grand Junction Local Business Churches Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Cars • Articles/Galleries/Videos • Classifieds • Business Directory Tip: Use quotation marks to search for articles. SHARE A poker game, a story and a glass that’s always half-full By Steve Beauregard Wednesday, March 29, 2017 My daughter is drinking grape juice out of my special cocktail glass. It’s the one I stole from the Bellagio casino, although let’s not get hung up on the word “stole.” I just sort of walked out with it, which is different from larceny, right? My point is that it’s a very special glass. I use it almost every night. It makes me think about two Vietnamese guys and fist bumps. I’ve never been a fan of the adult fist bump, but the Vietnamese gang member wanted one, so I gave him one, because we were in Las Vegas, bonding as the only two guys at the poker table laughing, and because, well, he was a Vietnamese gang member. He didn’t admit it outright. It’s not like I asked, “What do you do for work?” and he replied,  “I’m employed by a Southeast Asian organized crime outfit,” but the gold chains, gun tattoos, Breitling watch, and vague references to self-employment gave one the impression. Overall I found him to be very pleasant, although I’m sure the people he killed would disagree. He was just one of the many characters I’ve meet playing poker. That’s partly why I love to play. I don’t run in these circles. You don’t see many dangerous thugs at the Chick-fil-A by Walmart. A Las Vegas casino poker table, however, is the ultimate melting pot. You’re seated randomly and stuck there for hours, with strangers. Sometimes the person next to you is obnoxious and smells like hot dogs. Sometimes they are interesting and funny, and you like them immensely, even after they’ve taken your money. Never mind the “Everything I Need to Know I Learned in Kindergarten” posters. These are stupid, because otherwise we should eliminate first grade on up and have public service ads teaching people how to share graham crackers. Everything I need to know I learned at the poker table: social skills, math, money management, and emotional control. Like when there is a big pot in the middle, you have a great hand, and you’re counting the money coming your way, when suddenly your unbeatable hand loses to an even better hand. Worse, the annoying winner proceeds to rub it in. You learn a lot about yourself then. In such scenarios, I’ve seen men fight, curse, pout, and even cry. But you have to learn to deal with it by, say, going outside to take a walk, calming down, and then slashing his tires with a steak knife. No, I’m kidding. You swallow and force yourself to say “nice hand” while taking the high road because karma is coming for the poor sport. Maybe not tonight, but it’s most certainly coming for him. As it is for us all. I’ve played poker with the wealthy and downtrodden. There was a night at the Stardust on the Las Vegas Strip where I sat next to a dishwasher/aspiring rapper from Haiti who only spoke in rhyming sentences. Like Dr. Seuss with dreadlocks. Once during a break in a poker tournament — inside a casino bathroom of all places — I found myself discussing a poker hand with Rene Angelil, Celion Dion’s husband, who is now deceased, although he wasn’t at the time. Then there was the man I met one August night at the Bellagio. It was one of those frustrating days when the cards weren’t going my way, and I lost hand after hand. Nursing my glass of Crown and Coke, depressed and feeling sorry for myself, I struck up a conversation with the middle-aged man across from me, who said he was originally from Vietnam. (Southeast Asians love their poker). We arrived at the topic of kids. I said I had two. He said he had one, a 16-year-old daughter, but that she had been killed two years earlier after being hit by a car while riding her bicycle. He bowed his head. Normally, I don’t steal, but I walked out of the Bellagio that day with that cocktail glass, just as a reminder. I still have it. My daughter sometimes drinks grape juice out of it. I think about him almost every night. ■ Reach Steve Beauregard at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . COMMENTS TOP JOBS Process Control Technician, External Affairs Assistant Ute Water Conservancy District is hiring for the following positions Service Techs, Sales People NOW HIRINGService TechsSales PeopleApply in person with resum... Cleaning Associate NeededFull and Part time positions available. Cleaning in residen... Loan Processor Interested in people who are looking for a career with a progressive company. Veterinary Hospital Help Are you an energetic, compassionateanimal lover?Arrowhead Veterin... Rock Mountain Health Plans - Multiple Positions Intervention DeveloperResearch, develop and implement intervention st... Search More Jobs GJSENTINEL.COM Sections • Grand Junction News • Grand Junction Weather • Grand Junction Opinion • Grand Junction Sports • Grand Junction Lifestyle • Grand Junction Entertainment • Grand Junction Blogs • Grand Junction Obituaries Contact • Staff directory • Send a news tip • Corrections • Report a broken link • Submit a letter to the Editor • Submit a You Said It • Sign up for Email Updates Marketplace • Grand Junction Classifieds • Find Grand Junction Jobs • Grand Junction Real Estate • Grand Junction Rentals • Grand Junction Cars • Place an ad THE DAILY SENTINEL 734 S. Seventh St. Grand Junction, CO 81501 970-242-5050; M-F 8:00 - 5:00 Editions • Subscribe to print edition • E-edition Advertisers • Advertiser Tearsheet • Information © 2017 Grand Junction Media, Inc. By using this site you agree to the Visitor Agreement and the Privacy Policy
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share PRO Real Estate Investment Trust TSX VENTURE : PRV.UN March 29, 2017 18:06 ET Fiscal 2016 Was a Transformational Year for PROREIT Continuing growth in key financial and operating metrics MONTRÉAL, QUÉBEC--(Marketwired - March 29, 2017) - NOT FOR DISSEMINATION IN THE UNITED STATES OR DISTRIBUTION THROUGH UNITED STATES NEWS OR WIRE SERVICES. PRO Real Estate Investment Trust ("PROREIT" or the "REIT") (TSX VENTURE:PRV.UN) is pleased to report financial and operating results for the three-months (or "fourth quarter") and twelve-month ("full year") periods ended December 31, 2016. Fourth quarter results are characterized by continuing strong growth in property revenues, net operating income ("NOI")(1) and adjusted funds from operations ("AFFO")(1), and by strong operating performance. (1) Non-IFRS financial measure. See "Non-IFRS and Operational Key Performance Indicators". "It was a transformational year for PROREIT in 2016," said James W. Beckerleg, President and Chief Executive Officer. "Our acquisitions in 2015 and 2016 and the successful development of a new retail pad at the Hall's Creek property in March 2016, underpin strong growth in our property revenue and net operating income. "Late in the year, we capitalized on improving equity markets for the REIT sector, announcing several new acquisitions, six of which closed before year-end, taking our total assets over the $250 million mark. In conjunction with the acquisitions, PROREIT completed a successful bought deal - our second - raising our market capitalization over $100 million for the first time at the time of closing, which was a significant growth hurdle for our REIT. The success of the bought deal equity financing was reflected not only in the fact that the deal was fully subscribed, but also in the participation of a wide number of investment banking firms in the syndicate, a measure of the growing credibility of PROREIT in financial and real estate markets, concluded Mr. Beckerleg. Fourth Quarter 2016 Financial and Operating Highlights Compared to Prior Year Periods Property revenues increased 9.41% to $6.08 million for fourth quarter; and 26.24% to $22.96 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2016 NOI grew 8.25% to $3.65 million in the fourth quarter; and 25.86% to $14.11 million for the full year AFFO increased 12.94% to $2.10 million in the fourth quarter; and 22.4% to $7.66 million for the full year Total assets increased 27.0% to $258 million year over year Debt to gross book value dropped to 58.94% from 61.28% year over year Occupancy rate remained stable at 94.7% Successful $28.98 million bought deal equity financing 6 high-quality commercial properties acquired Significant Developments During 2016 Market conditions for REITs improved in the third quarter of 2016, enabling PROREIT to announce the acquisition of 11 properties, six of which closed before year-end. The acquisitions were financed in part by a bought deal equity financing (the "Offering") on October 18, 2016 of 12,880,000 trust units of the REIT at $2.25 per unit, yielding total gross proceeds of $28,980,000. The financing drew the participation of a strong syndicate, and was fully subscribed by retail and institutional investors, including a 15% overallotment option of almost $4 million. The success of this transaction helps confirm the growing stature of PROREIT in both the real estate and financial communities. Closing of the announced transactions commenced in the fourth quarter, and by year-end six were completed, including four properties in Nova Scotia, one in Prince Edward Island and one in Quebec. These deals extended PROREIT's strategy of acquiring strong properties outside of the largest metropolitan areas. On November 15, 2016, the REIT completed the acquisition of 5110 St. Margaret's Bay Road, known as St. Margaret's Square, a 58,907 square foot three building multi-tenant retail property located in the Halifax, Nova Scotia suburb of Upper Tantallon. The property is anchored by a Lawton's Drugs on a long-term lease until 2024 with other tenants including Tim Horton's and Credit Union Atlantic. It is shadow anchored by a Canadian Tire. The property has a minimum of 24,500 square feet of additional density possible for future development as well as leasing upside. It is a good example of PROREIT's retail strategy of focusing on retail investments on grocery or drugstore-anchored community shopping centers. The total purchase price of $14.1 million was satisfied with $4.7 million in cash from the Offering, as well as a new $9.4 million, 3.82% 10-year mortgage. On December 13, 2016, the REIT acquired four retail properties from a vendor for an aggregate purchase price of $21.8 million before closing costs. The four properties add an additional 217,625 square feet of gross leasable area ("GLA") to the REIT's portfolio and include three properties in Nova Scotia, and one property in Prince Edward Island. The acquisition was financed by $16.3 million of new debt, with a 5-year term at an interest rate of 3.16 percent and cash from the Offering. The four properties include: 50 Empire Lane, Windsor, Nova Scotia is also known as Fort Edward Plaza. It is a Sobeys-anchored multi-tenant retail plaza facing Wentworth Road, which is the main retail artery connecting the community of Windsor with Highway 101. The property was built in 1972 and has been maintained in excellent condition, with renovations in 1988, 1991, 1994, 2000 and 2009. It is comprised of 125,393 square feet of GLA on approximately 28 acres of land. Fort Edward Plaza is 100% occupied by Sobeys, Home Hardware, Rossy and Dollarama, amongst others, and has 601 parking stalls. Sobeys occupies the property under a long-term lease until 2026. There is sufficient land available at this property to add at least one retail tenant on a standalone pad. 95 Keltic Drive, Sydney River, Nova Scotia is a single-tenant grocery store leased entirely to Sobeys on a long-term lease until 2027. The property was built in 1987 with renovations completed in 2005. It is comprised of 50,517 square feet of GLA, on approximately 6 acres of land, with 380 parking stalls. The Nova Scotia Liquor Corporation occupies 12,500 square feet of the building and is a subtenant of Sobeys. The property is immediately next door to a Wal-Mart store, and is subject to a ground lease to 2037 with renewal options until 2062. 25 Brookside Street, Glace Bay, Nova Scotia is a single tenant grocery store leased entirely to Foodland (Sobeys) on a long-term lease until 2025. It is in the area's primary commercial corridor at the intersection of Brookside Street and Commercial Street. The property, which was built in 1991, is comprised of 17,200 square feet of GLA, on approximately 2 acres of land with 125 parking stalls. 531 Main Street, Montague, Prince Edward Island is a single-tenant grocery store leased entirely to Sobeys on a long-term lease until 2029. The property has good exposure and is well located in the growing community of Montague, PEI. The property was built in 1997, expanded in 1999 and renovated in 2002. It is comprised of 24,515 square feet of GLA, on approximately 2 acres of land with 100 parking stalls. We also added to our growing footprint in Quebec. On December 7, 2016, the REIT successfully closed a transaction to acquire a mixed-use office and retail building for $7.4 million before closing costs. The property, which is located at 1275 Jules Verne Avenue in L'Ancienne Lorette, an established, fast-growing suburb of Quebec City, is anchored by strong tenants in both the office and the retail sectors. The total purchase price of the property was financed by $5 million of new debt with an 8-year term, at 3.95 percent, and cash on hand from the Offering. Growing contribution of development opportunities In March 2016, PROREIT completed the construction on a new 7,400 square foot development at Hall's Creek in Moncton, New Brunswick, and turned the property over to tenants. The strip mall, which is built on excess land subdivided from another PROREIT property and which is now referred to as "Hall's Creek Plaza," is currently 73% leased, generating approximately $90,000 in NOI on an annualized basis. 2016 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Financial Results (CAD $ thousands except per unit amounts and unless otherwise stated) 3 Months Ended December 31 2016 3 Months Ended December 31 2015 Year Ended December 31 2016 Year Ended December 31 2015 Financial data Property revenue $ 6,081 $ 5,558 $ 22,963 $ 18,190 Net operating income (NOI) (1) $ 3,649 $ 3,371 $ 14,105 $ 11,207 Total assets $ 257,995 $ 203,194 $ 257,995 $ 203,194 Debt to gross book value (1) 58.94 % 61.28 % 58.94 % 61.28 % Interest coverage ratio (1) 2.9x 2.6x 2.6x 2.7x Debt service coverage ratio (1) 1.7x 1.6x 1.6x 1.6x Weighted average interest rate on mortgage debt 3.70 % 3.71 % 3.70 % 3.71 % Net cash flows provided from operating activities $ 2,091 $ 1,354 $ 3,568 $ 4,465 Funds from Operations (FFO) (1) $ 1,901 $ 1,593 $ 6,442 $ 5,460 Basic FFO per unit (1) (2) $ 0.0424 $ 0.0467 $ 0.1746 $ 0.1883 Diluted FFO per unit (1) (2) $ 0.0415 $ 0.0458 $ 0.1703 $ 0.1870 Adjusted Funds from Operations (AFFO) (1) $ 2,104 $ 1,863 $ 7,659 $ 6,258 Basic AFFO per unit (1) (2) $ 0.0470 $ 0.0546 $ 0.2077 $ 0.2158 Diluted AFFO per unit (1) (2) $ 0.0460 $ 0.0535 $ 0.2026 $ 0.2143 AFFO payout ratio - Basic (1) 111.8 % 96.1 % 101.1 % 97.3 % AFFO payout ratio - Diluted (1) 114.2 % 98.1 % 103.7 % 98.0 % Adjusted AFFO payout ratio - Basic (3) 97 % 97 % (1) Non-IFRS measure. See "Non-IFRS and Operational Key Performance Indicators". (2) FFO and AFFO per unit is calculated as FFO or AFFO, as the case may be, divided by the total of the weighted number of basic or diluted units, added to the weighted average number of Class B LP Units outstanding during the period. (3) On an adjusted basis, if the 6 property acquisitions and their related AFFO contribution were removed along with the units issued from the Offering, the AFFO payout ratio would be approximately 97% for the three and twelve month period ended December 31, 2016. See "Non-IFRS and Operational Key Performance Indicators". At December 31, 2016, total assets stood at $258 million, a 27% increase compared to total assets of $203.2 million at December 31, 2015. Property revenues increased 9.41% to $6.08 million in the fourth quarter, compared to $5.56 million for the fourth-quarter ended December 31, 2015. For the twelve-months ended December 31, 2016, property revenues grew 26.24% to $22.96 million, compared to the same twelve-month period in 2015. For both the fourth quarter and twelve-month periods, increases in property revenues were driven by the inclusion of a full year of revenue from property acquisitions in 2015, by property revenue from the development of a new retail pad at the Hall's Creek Plaza property in Moncton, N.B., and by the inclusion of some early revenue from the six acquisitions that closed in the latter half of the fourth quarter, 2016. NOI grew 8.25% to $3.65 million in the fourth quarter, compared to $3.37 million for the same quarter in 2015. Growth in NOI for the fourth quarter, compared to the fourth quarter ending December 31, 2015 was due primarily to the addition of NOI from the development of the Hall's Creek Plaza retail pad development in Moncton, N.B. property, along with the inclusion of NOI for the six properties acquired in November and December 2016. This growth was offset in part by a slightly lower occupancy rate. For the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2016, NOI grew 25.86% to $14.11 million, compared to $11.21 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2015. AFFO increased 12.94% to $2.10 million in the fourth quarter, compared to $1.86 million for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2015. At $0.0470 per unit, AFFO per basic unit was marginally lower for the three months ended December 31, 2016, compared to $0.0546 for the same three months in 2015. The decline is tied to the delay between the receipt of funds from the Offering on October 18, 2016, and the investment of those funds in acquisitions on November 15, December 7 and December 13, 2016. For the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2016, AFFO per basic unit decreased to $0.2077 per unit from $0.2158 per unit in the same period last year. Basic AFFO per unit was $0.0470 for the three month period ended December 31, 2016 with a corresponding basic payout ratio of 111.8%. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2016, the basic AFFO per unit was $0.2077 with a corresponding basic payout ratio of 101.1%. The AFFO payout ratio exceeds 100% due to the delay between the receipt of the Offering proceeds on October 18, 2016, and the progressive closing of property acquisitions on November 15, December 7 and December 13, 2016. These properties made only a marginal contribution to AFFO during the quarter. On an adjusted basis, if the six property acquisitions and their related AFFO contribution were removed, along with the units issued from the Offering, the AFFO payout ratio in the fourth quarter would be at the REIT's recent run rate of approximately 97%. Distributions of $0.0175 were declared and paid in each month of the fiscal year. For the full year, PROREIT paid $0.21 on all its trust units and the Class B limited partnership units of its subsidiary PRO REIT Limited Partnership ("Class B LP Units") outstanding. Balance Sheet Improvements - Debt Reduction At December 31, 2016, total debt to gross book value stood at 58.94%, compared to 61.28% on December 31 the previous year. This improvement was primarily the result of $7 million from the proceeds of the Offering being used to repay a term loan during the fourth quarter, and an additional $3.2 million used to pay down a credit facility. In addition, during the third quarter, the REIT refinanced four properties with a new $17.8 million 10-year mortgage creating annual interest savings of $180,000 as well as avoiding certain loan extension fees, mitigating interest rate renewal risk on near-term maturities, and extending the debt maturity of the portfolio. The cost of the prepayments was $0.95 million. A second refinancing was for a $1.8 million second mortgage on an existing asset. Proceeds of the mortgage were used to repay a $1.3 million vendor take back mortgage that was due in September 2016 for an asset purchased in June 2015. The balance of $0.5 million was used for general working capital. 2016 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Operating Results December 31 2016 December 31 2015 Operational data Number of properties 39 32 Gross leasable area ("GLA") (square feet) 2,004,604 1,669,947 Occupancy rate 94.7 % 95.9 % Weighted average lease term to maturity (years) 6.4 6.6 On December 31, 2016, the REIT's portfolio consisted of 39 properties, compared to 32 at the same date in 2015. Gross leasable area increased 20.01% to 2,004,604 square feet compared to 1,669,947 square feet at December 31, 2015. The increase of 334,657 square feet compared to December 31, 2015 is a result of the completion of the Hall's Creek Plaza retail pad development in Moncton, N.B., and the acquisition of 6 properties in the fourth quarter of 2016. At December 31, 2016, the occupancy rate stood at 94.7%, compared to 95.9% a year earlier, and compared to 94.2% at September 30, 2016, the end of the previous quarter. Since the majority of the increase in GLA was added late in the fourth quarter, it is expected that the full impact of the 20% increase in GLA will be felt more comprehensively in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. The weighted average lease term remained strong at 6.4 years compared to 6.6 years a year earlier. PROREIT continues to successfully renew leases coming to term and attract new tenants to vacant space. Approximately 45% of the space coming due in 2017 is already leased. Subsequent Events On February 28, 2017, the REIT completed the closing of the acquisition of a 50% undivided interest in a property located at 1750 Jean-Berchmans-Michaud Street, Drummondville, Québec for a purchase price of $3.0 million, excluding closing costs. The property is a freestanding single-tenant industrial property built in 1997 and totaling 171,119 square feet of gross leasable area on 10.75 acres of land. It is fully occupied under a long-term lease of 12 years with contracted annual rent steps, expiring in 2028. The purchase price of $3.0 million was satisfied by the assumption of 50% of a recently completed 4% ten-year mortgage of approximately $4.0 million and the issuance of 383,598 Class B LP Units, at a price of $2.25 per Class B LP Unit. Outlook PROREIT continues to focus on finding new accretive acquisitions. In addition to other opportunities in the pipeline, we expect to complete the acquisition this spring of the remaining four properties announced as part of the eleven property transaction last October. There continues to be substantial opportunity to acquire good quality commercial properties in suburban markets in the Maritimes and in Quebec, not to mention in markets in many of the thriving communities in Ontario. PROREIT's significant network in the commercial real estate business in Canada, along with Management's proven ability to access equity markets to finance acquisitions, are competitive strengths that support the REIT's ongoing access to great real estate opportunities in its focus markets. Management believes that while interest rates may rise over the course of 2017, much of the potential increase has already been integrated into equity valuations in the REIT sector. Market participants recognize that rising interest rates are indicative of a strong economy, which generally has a positive impact on real estate prices and leasing activity. Management also continues to pursue internal development opportunities, as discussed above. The REIT's properties in Nova Scotia and New Brunswick provide several opportunities for future development. The Miramichi, N.B. mall has substantial excess land that provides an opportunity to develop two new retail pads. Other significant lease-up and development opportunities exist at the recently acquired properties in Digby, N.S. and in the Halifax suburb of St. Margaret's Bay, N.S. These opportunities are currently being advanced and Management we will keep investors informed of any new development decisions. Annual Meeting of Shareholders PROREIT is pleased to invite unitholders to its annual meeting of unitholders, to be held at 11:00 a.m. (Halifax Time) on Wednesday May 31, 2017 in the Atlantic Ballroom at the Westin Nova Scotian Hotel, located at 1181 Hollis Street, Halifax, Nova Scotia. About PROREIT PROREIT is an unincorporated open-ended real estate investment trust established pursuant to a declaration of trust under the laws of the Province of Ontario. PROREIT owns a portfolio of diversified commercial real estate properties in Canada, with growth objectives focused on primary and secondary markets in Québec and Atlantic Canada, with selective expansion into Ontario and Western Canada. Non-IFRS and Operational Key Performance Indicators PROREIT's consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"). In this press release, as a complement to results provided in accordance with IFRS, PROREIT discloses and discusses certain non-IFRS financial measures, including Adjusted Funds From Operations ("AFFO"), Funds From Operations ("FFO"), Net Operating Income ("NOI"), debt to gross book value, interest coverage ratio, debt service coverage ratio, and payout ratios as well as other measures discussed elsewhere in this release. These non-IFRS measures are not defined by IFRS, do not have a standardized meaning and may not be comparable with similar measures presented by other issuers. PROREIT has presented such non-IFRS measures as Management believes they are relevant measures of PROREIT's underlying operating performance and debt management. Non-IFRS measures should not be considered as alternatives to net income, cash generated from (utilized in) operating activities or comparable metrics determined in accordance with IFRS as indicators of PROREIT's performance, liquidity, cash flow, and profitability. For a full description of these measures and, where applicable, a reconciliation to the most directly comparable measure calculated in accordance with IFRS, please refer to the "Non-IFRS and Operational Key Performance Indicators" section in PROREIT's Management's Discussion and Analysis for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2016, available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. Forward-Looking Information Certain statements contained in this news release constitute forward-looking information within the meaning of applicable securities laws. In some cases, forward-looking information can be identified by such terms such as "may", "might", "will", "could", "should", "would", "occur", "expect", "plan", "anticipate", "believe", "intend", "estimate", "predict", "potential", "continue", "likely", "schedule", or the negative thereof or other similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. Some of the specific forward-looking statements in this news release include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to the extent to PROREIT's future financial performance, future development opportunities and the ability of PROREIT to execute its growth strategies. Forward‐looking statements are based on a number of assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond PROREIT's control, that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those that are disclosed in or implied by such forward‐looking statements. PROREIT's objectives and forward‐looking statements are based on certain assumptions, including that (i) PROREIT will receive financing on favourable terms; (ii) the future level of indebtedness of PROREIT and its future growth potential will remain consistent with PROREIT's current expectations; (iii) there will be no changes to tax laws adversely affecting PROREIT's financing capacity or operations; (iv) the impact of the current economic climate and the current global financial conditions on PROREIT's operations, including its financing capacity and asset value, will remain consistent with PROREIT's current expectations; (v) the performance of PROREIT's investments in Canada will proceed on a basis consistent with PROREIT's current expectations; and (vi) capital markets will provide PROREIT with readily available access to equity and/or debt. Additional information about these assumptions and risks and uncertainties is contained under "Risk Factors" in PROREIT's latest annual information form, which is available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com, and in other filings that PROREIT has made and may make with applicable securities authorities in the future. The forward‐looking statements contained in this news release are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. Investors are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward‐looking statements. All forward‐looking statements in this press release are made as of the date of this press release. PROREIT does not undertake to update any such forward‐looking information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. Contact Information PRO Real Estate Investment Trust James W. Beckerleg President and Chief Executive Officer 514-933-9552 PRO Real Estate Investment Trust Gordon G. Lawlor, CPA, CA Chief Financial Officer 514-933-9552 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company PRO Real Estate Investment Trust From this industry Real Estate and Construction From this sub-industry Commercial Real Estate See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Home News Local News Sports Crime Call 12 for Action Ted Nesi Dan McGowan Politics US & World Street Stories Entertainment News eNews & Alerts Signup Live Streaming: Eyewitness News Live Streaming: CBS News News Team Sky Drone 12 News Links Weather Detailed 7-Day Radar Pinpoint Traffic Futurecast Threat Tracker Current Conditions Ocean & Bay Winter Weather Resources Severe Weather Satellite Weather Alerts Closings Power Outages Alerts Signup Weather Blog Pic of the Day Pinpoint Weather App Pinpoint Weather Network Live Cams: Remote Video Target 12 Target 12 Home Inside Mafia Tim White Walt Buteau Ted Nesi Dan McGowan Consumer Investigations Eyewitness News Investigates 12 for Action CFA Home Consumer Guide Parent Guide Recalls Job Finder Contact Call for Action Call 12 For Action Volunteer Application Report It! Submit ReportIt! ReportIt! Photo Galleries Rhode Show Happening Here Food and Drink Homelife Style Living Healthy Rhode Show On The Go App Summer Stars Money Matters Talking Tech Contests Coming Up This Week Watch Live Weekdays 9a-10a On Air TV Schedule FOX Providence myRITV Newsmakers Executive Suite The Money Pros Dan Yorke State of Mind News Links News Team More Live Streaming: Eyewitness News Pinpoint Traffic Community Community Events Calendar TV Schedule Contests & Sweepstakes About Us Contact Us Work for Us Obituaries Rescue a Pet Morning Message Eyewitness News App Pinpoint Weather App Rhode Show On The Go App Podcasts 37° F Clear Hi: 55° F Lo: 37° F Detailed 7 Day Live Radar Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Sports Crime Call 12 for Action Ted Nesi Dan McGowan Politics US & World Street Stories Entertainment News eNews & Alerts Signup Live Streaming: Eyewitness News Live Streaming: CBS News News Team Sky Drone 12 News Links Featured: 38 Studios Aaron Hernandez First 100 Days NCAA Tournament Special Reports UHIP Latest Headlines 13 killed, 2 hurt when church bus and truck crash in Texas March 29, 2017 All of the victims who died were senior adults who attended First Baptist Church of New Braunfels, Texas, including the driver. Centracchio explains TSA security tactics March 29, 2017 According to Centracchio, the TSA is maintaining unpredictability in their screening process. I-195 reopened after gas leak closed the highway for hours 12:05 am Dozens testify as RI lawmakers discuss abortion bills March 29, 2017 How specialized oxygen masks can save pets’ lives March 29, 2017 Weather Weather Detailed 7-Day Radar Pinpoint Traffic Futurecast Threat Tracker Current Conditions Ocean & Bay Winter Weather Resources Severe Weather Satellite Weather Alerts Closings Power Outages Alerts Signup Weather Blog Pic of the Day Pinpoint Weather App Pinpoint Weather Network Live Cams: Remote Video Featured: Storm Ready Resource Guide Current Conditions 37° F Clear Feels Like: 29° F Wind: NW 13 Humidity: 54% Dewpoint: 22° F Sunrise: 6:32 AM Sunset: 7:08 PM Live Radar & Futurecasts Live Radar 7 Day Futurecast Currently Ocean Sponsored by: Target 12 Target 12 Target 12 Home Inside Mafia Tim White Walt Buteau Ted Nesi Dan McGowan Consumer Investigations Eyewitness News Investigates Featured: 38 Studios Gordon Fox Investigation PawSox Future Special Reports Where's the Chief? Latest Headlines UHIP backlog grows to nearly 28,000 cases March 29, 2017 The $364-million, Deloitte-built computer system has been riddled with defects that have affected health care and benefits. Union: ‘Political stunt’ to hire police recruit allegedly caught selling drugs when younger March 29, 2017 TARGET 12 At this time, the police union does not plan on demanding that the recruit in question be removed from the academy. Veteran’s widow questions ’cause of death’ in husband’s VA medical file March 27, 2017 John Ouimette, underworld figure and heist mastermind, dies at the age of 75 March 27, 2017 Newsmakers 3/24/2017: Political Roundtable March 24, 2017 12 for Action 12 for Action CFA Home Consumer Guide Parent Guide Recalls Job Finder Contact Call for Action Call 12 For Action Volunteer Application Featured: Gas Tracker Latest Headlines Battle over paid sick time heating up at RI State House March 29, 2017 Some business owners say paid sick time is a basic human right while others say state government shouldn’t be involved in employment benefit… UHIP backlog grows to nearly 28,000 cases March 29, 2017 The $364-million, Deloitte-built computer system has been riddled with defects that have affected health care and benefits. Chevy gives popular Trax SUV new styling, features for 2017 March 29, 2017 Ford recalls 570K vehicles for fire risk, door latch trouble March 29, 2017 Study: Gen Z more likely to shop in-store than online March 28, 2017 Report It! Submit ReportIt! ReportIt! Photo Galleries Rhode Show Rhode Show Happening Here Food and Drink Homelife Style Living Healthy Rhode Show On The Go App Summer Stars Money Matters Talking Tech Contests Coming Up This Week Watch Live Weekdays 9a-10a Featured: Audrey McClelland Jill Marinelli On The Rhode RI Monthly Roger Williams Park Zoo Latest Headlines What does your handwriting mean? March 29, 2017 Did you ever wonder if you could learn about someone just by examining their writing? The answer is yes! Today on The Rhode Show, we visited… New feature added to RI Home Show March 29, 2017 The 67th Annual Rhode Island Home Show is coming to the Rhode Island Convention Center. And the show has a new show within the show – that w… In the Kitchen: Spice Rubbed Tenderloin with Swiss Chard, Sweet Potatoes, and Apple Chutney March 29, 2017 Get your yard in tip top shape for spring March 29, 2017 In the Kitchen: Black Spaghetti with House Made Chorizo, Jalapeño, and Black Garlic March 29, 2017 On Air TV Schedule FOX Providence myRITV Newsmakers Executive Suite The Money Pros Dan Yorke State of Mind News Links News Team More Live Streaming: Eyewitness News Pinpoint Traffic Community Community Events Calendar TV Schedule Contests & Sweepstakes About Us Contact Us Work for Us Obituaries Rescue a Pet Morning Message Eyewitness News App Pinpoint Weather App Rhode Show On The Go App Podcasts Search for: Search the site 37° F Clear Hi: 55° F Lo: 37° F Providence man accused of leading store theft ring, making threats By Associated Press and Nancy Krause Published: March 29, 2017, 5:43 pm Updated: March 29, 2017, 5:45 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) WILLIAMSTOWN, Vt. (AP/WPRI) — Vermont State Police have accused a man of forcing women to steal bed sheets, bicycle parts, school supplies, and other items from Walmart stores in a theft ring across New England. Police said Johnnie Hammond, 41, of Providence, Rhode Island, called “Poopie,” forced the women to shoplift and intimidated them with threats of beatings. Hammond denied the accusations and pleaded not guilty to theft and unlawful restraint in a court appearance Monday. Court documents said police talked to women who said they were afraid of Hammond. Police said Hammond instructed others to take the items, then would return them for store credit at other store locations. They said the return frauds happened in Vermont, New Hampshire, Maine, Massachusetts, and Rhode Island. Police said they found a vehicle in Williamstown, Vermont, on Sunday, containing over $4,000 worth of stolen items and traced it to Hammond. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Share this: Email Print Twitter Facebook Google Pinterest More LinkedIn Tumblr Reddit Send to Kindle Pocket Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Tattoo artist talks about Hernandez’s skin art Police identify ‘Bottle Bandit’ liquor theft suspect Police: Providence raid connected to $90K diaper heist Police: Brady’s missing Super Bowl jerseys recovered in Mexico Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Busted in Southern New England Mugshot Gallery: March 2017 March 10, 2017 A collection of mugshots showing suspects recently arrested in Southern New England. Trending Now on WPRI.com Must See Photo Galleries Latest Galleries PHOTOS: Van goes into Providence Restaurant 4 dead in vehicle, knife attack near British Parliament Photos: Rhody Rams in the Big Dance NCAA Tournament: Meet the 2017 Mascots Photos: March 14 snowstorm News Links Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WPRI 12 Eyewitness News © 1998-2017 WPRI.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Sports Target 12 Call 12 for Action Report It! Rhode Show Community Station About Us Contact Us Advertise Work for Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC File – WPRI EEO Report Children’s TV Report Nexstar Partners CBS FOX CNN WTNH WWLP On Air Live Streaming TV Schedule FOX Providence Newsmakers Executive Suite The Money Pros Dan Yorke State of Mind News Links News Team Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Advertisement Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
MI News 26 Northern Michigan's 24/7 Local News Channel Watch What’s On 26.1 | MI News 26 26.2 | Antenna TV 26 26.3 | Laff 26 26.4 | Escape 26 26.5 | Grit 26 26.6 | Buzzr 26 How to Receive MI News 26 Request MI News 26 News Special Sections CherryT Ball Drop Dancing with the Y Stars Event of the Week Person of the Week Victorian Sleighbell Parade Zoo De Mack Featured Local News Events National & World Health News Legal News Transportation News GasWatch Cadillac Area Manistee Area Petoskey Area Traverse City Area News Archives 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 Weather Local Weather Overview Local Radar 7-Day Forecast Day Planner Lower County Temps Upper County Temps Sports Broadcast Schedule Shop miLocalShops Contact Us News Team Bios Advertise on MI News 26 Antenna TV 26 UPDATE – Police Say Person of Interest in Suspicious Materials Left on Vehicles Case Took His Own Life POSTED March 29, 2017 BY Jacob Owens And we have an update to the investigation in Isabella County where pornographic material was left on vehicles in parking lots. The investigation began last Thursday when a woman reported finding a DVD on her windshield. The Isabella County Sheriff’s Office began investigating, and said they had received reports of 10 cases within the county and another two from outside of it. On Friday another case was reported from the Walmart store near Mt Pleasant and deputies were able to obtain photos of a person of interest from surveillance cameras. Photos of this suspect were circulated, asking for the community’s help in identifying the man. The Isabella County Sheriff’s Office say they received information on Tuesday related to the case from law enforcement in Muskegon County. According to that police agency, the man in the surveillance photos took his own life on Tuesday. Detectives from Isabella County traveled to Muskegon County and were able to link the 68-year-old man to the multiple cases in and around the Isabella County area. Detectives say the man spoke to his family about the incidents before he left his home on Tuesday. The man’s name is being withheld. The Isabella County Sheriff’s Office says they are relieved that they may close this case, but they extend their thoughts and prayers to the man’s family. 7-Day Forecast Around our Area Volleyball Team Uses Dodgeball for Fundraiser Lampwork Glass Artist Looks to Share Talent What is CERT? Supportive Housing in Grand Traverse County Helping Youth Learn Creative Arts Live From Charlevoix State News First Case of Measles for 2017 Confirmed in Michigan New Legislation Requires a Mechanic to Certify Salvage Vehicles DNR Asks Homes and Businesses to Remove Bird Feeders due to Bear Activity Michigan High School Graduation Rates Very Similar to Previous Year MDOT Lifts Spring Weight Restrictions from US-10 South to State Border AMBER ALERT UPDATE – CHILDREN WHO WERE IN BACKSEAT OF STOLEN CAR FOUND SAFE IN FLINT World News RECALL – OK Food Recalls over 900,000lbs of Breaded Chicken that could have Metal Pieces Inside RECALL – Canadian Company Recalls Pig Ears over Salmonella Concerns J.C. Penney Announces Closure of 138 Stores, Including Seven in Michigan U.S. Department of Justice Charges Four, Including Two Russian Intelligence Officers, During Investigation into Yahoo Security Breach Gander Mountain Announces Closures, Bankruptcy Filing RECALL – I.M. Healthy Expands Recall of Peanut Butter Alternative Events United Way Dinner Theater 2017 Fishing Contest and Class 2017 Betsie Bay Frozen 5k 2017 Frostbite Saturday 2017 AlpenFrost Guns N Hoses Hockey © 2007-2017 Freelancer Television Broadcasting, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Find us on Facebook | Follow us on Twitter
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 March 2017 by Military News Terra Tech Corp. (TRTC: OTCQX U.S.) | Terra Tech Corp. Reschedules Full-Year 2016 Earnings Release for Friday, March 31, 2017 IRVINE, CA–(Marketwired – March 29, 2017) – Terra Tech Corp. (OTCQX: TRTC) („Terra Tech”) or (the „Company”), a vertically integrated cannabis-focused agriculture company, today announced that it has rescheduled the release of its full-year 2016 results to Friday, March 31, 2017 after U.S. markets close. The company has also rescheduled its earnings conference call to Friday, March 31, 2017 at 4:30 PM Eastern. Dial-In Number: 1-857-232-0157 Access Code: 422095 Derek Peterson, Chairman and CEO of Terra Tech Corp., will be answering shareholder questions at the end of the call. Should you have questions during or prior to the conference call please send an email to TRTC@kcsa.com with TRTC Question in the subject line. Mr. Peterson will answer as many questions as time will allow. For those unable to participate in the live conference call, a replay will be available at http://smallcapvoice.com/blog/trtc/. An archived version of the webcast will also be available on the investor relations section of the company’s website. To be added to the Terra Tech email distribution list, please email TRTC@kcsa.com with TRTC in the subject line. About Terra Tech Terra Tech Corp. (OTCQX: TRTC) operates through multiple subsidiary businesses including: Blüm, IVXX Inc., Edible Garden, MediFarm LLC and GrowOp Technology. Blüm’s retail medical cannabis facilities focus on providing the highest quality medical cannabis to patients who are looking for alternative treatments for their chronic medical conditions. Blüm offers a broad selection of medical cannabis products including; flowers, concentrates and edibles through its Oakland, CA and multiple Nevada locations. IVXX, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Terra Tech that produces medical cannabis-extracted products for regulated medical cannabis dispensaries throughout California. The Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Edible Garden, cultivates a premier brand of local and sustainably grown hydroponic produce, sold through major grocery stores such as ShopRite, Walmart, Winn-Dixie, Raley’s, Meijer, Kroger, and others throughout New Jersey, New York, Delaware, Maryland, Connecticut, Pennsylvania and the Midwest. Terra Tech’s MediFarm LLC subsidiaries are focused on medical cannabis cultivation and permitting businesses throughout Nevada. The Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary GrowOp Technology, specializes in controlled environment agricultural technologies. For more information about Terra Tech Corp visit: http://www.terratechcorp.com/ For more information about IVXX visit: http://ivxx.com/ For more information about Blüm Nevada visit: http://letsblum.com For more information about Blüm Oakland visit: http://blumoak.com/ Visit us on Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/terratechcorp/timeline Follow us on Twitter @terratechcorp For more information about Edible Garden visit: http://www.ediblegarden.com/ Visit Edible Garden on Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/ediblefarms?fref=ts Visit IVXX on Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/ivxxbrand?fref=ts Cautionary Language Concerning Forward-Looking Statements Statements in this press release may be „forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as „anticipate”, „believe”, „estimate”, „expect”, „intend”, and similar expressions, as they relate to the Company or its management, identify forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, and projections about the Company’s business, based, in part, on assumptions made by management. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may, and probably will, differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements due to numerous factors, including those described above and those risks discussed from time to time in Terra Tech Corp.’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, such statements could be affected by risks and uncertainties related to: (i) our ability to integrate Black Oak Gallery, a California corporation („Black Oak”), as well as vitamin and dietary supplement lines, into the Company’s operations, (ii) product demand, market, and customer acceptance of the Company’s products, (iii) the Company’s ability to obtain financing to expand our operations, (iv) the Company’s ability to attract qualified sales representatives, (v) competition, pricing and development difficulties, (vi) the Company’s ability to conduct the business of IVXX, Inc., the contemplated businesses of MediFarm, LLC, MediFarm I, LLC, and MediFarm II, LLC, if there are changes in laws, regulations, or government policies related to cannabis, (vii) the Company’s ability to conduct operations if disease, insects, or mites affect Edible Garden Corp.’s produce, herbs, and floral products, and (viii) general industry and market conditions and growth rates and general economic conditions. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and the Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this release. Information on Terra Tech Corp.’s website does not constitute a part of this release. Copyright © 2017 Marketwired. All Rights Reserved The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, commission, Companies, company, Environment, general, Home and Garden, Industry, major, Markets, private, section, service, Technology, Terra Tech Corp. Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Asia Pacific Halal Cosmetics Market Segmentation, Industry Trends and Developments 2020 Next PostNext Homebuyers Education Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Amazon is shutting down a division it bought for $545 million, escalating a feud between Jeff Bezos and his Walmart rival Matt Weinberger Mar. 29, 2017, 4:11 PM 27,256 facebook linkedin twitter email print Marc Lore, founder of Jet.com and Quidsi.Jet Bloomberg reports that Amazon is shutting down its subsidiary Quidsi, the parent company of Diapers.com, Wag.com, Soap.com, and three other shopping sites. Quidsi has 1,100 total employees. Amazon purchased Quidsi for $545 million in 2010. In a statement, Amazon said it shut the subsidiary down simply because it couldn't get it to profitability in the intervening years. The products offered by Quidsi will be stocked on Amazon.com, and Quidsi's programmers will work on the AmazonFresh grocery service. Amazon will undergo 263 layoffs at Quidsi as part of this restructuring, reports Reuters. The shutdown also carries some weight for Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos and his longtime rival Marc Lore, who founded Quidsi and is currently the CEO of US commerce for Walmart. Quidsi was acquired after a vicious price war between Lore's company and Bezos' Amazon. Eventually, Quidsi was unable to raise more investment capital, and Lore sold the company to Amazon. Lore and his cofounder, Vinit Bharara, made a lot of money in the deal but left Amazon in 2013, not long after their contractual mandate to work at the company after the acquisition ended. Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos.Steve Jurvetson / Wikimedia Commons Lore went on to found Jet.com, a shopping site with the explicit goal of outpacing Amazon in terms of innovation. Jet raised $225 million in venture-capital cash but was said to be running out of money not long before Walmart swooped in to buy it for $3 billion in August. Now Lore is in charge of helping the titanic Walmart better stave off Amazon's relentless march on retail and commerce, putting him at loggerheads with Bezos yet again. And while Amazon apparently closed Quidsi for good business reasons, it still has to be a splinter in Lore's eye that Bezos is shutting down the company he built. Here's Amazon's full statement on the Quidsi shutdown: "We have worked extremely hard for the past seven years to get Quidsi to be profitable, and unfortunately we have not been able to do so. Quidsi has great brand expertise and they will continue to offer selection on Amazon.com; the software development team will focus on building technology for AmazonFresh." SEE ALSO: Salesforce's chief diplomat on what it's like being BFFs with Amazon's $12 billion cloud NOW WATCH: Amazon is launching a drive-up grocery service — here's how it works Loading video... More: Amazon Jeff Bezos Marc Lore Walmart facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Amazon is shutting down a division it bought for $545 million, escalating a feud between Jeff Bezos and his Walmart rival Amazon is shutting down a division it bought for $545 million, escalating a feud between Jeff Bezos and his Walmart rival Bloomberg reports that Amazon is shutting down... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey April Glaser Eric Johnson Tony Romm Tess Townsend Kurt Wagner Rani Molla Podcasts Events ✕ Commerce Amazon E-commerce Amazon is shutting down Diapers.com — whose founder is now at war with Amazon The site was part of Amazon’s fourth-largest acquisition back in 2011. by Jason Del Rey@DelRey Mar 29, 2017, 3:45pm EDT tweet share Linkedin Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos at Recode’s 2016 Code Conference. Asa Mathat Amazon said on Wednesday that it is shutting down Quidsi, one of its largest-ever acquisitions, which runs six shopping sites, including Diapers.com, Soap.com and Wag.com. The shutdown will result in layoffs of 263 people, according to a New Jersey state filing. But Bloomberg, which first reported the news, said some of these employees would be able to apply for new positions at Amazon. In a statement, an Amazon spokesperson blamed the shutdown on profitability issues. “We have worked extremely hard for the past seven years to get Quidsi to be profitable, and unfortunately we have not been able to do so,” the statement said. “Quidsi has great brand expertise and they will continue to offer selection on Amazon.com; the software development team will focus on building technology for AmazonFresh.” The spokesperson did not say when the sites are going offline. Amazon bought Quidsi almost six years ago to the day (not seven, like the statement says) in a deal valued at around $545 million — the company’s fourth-largest purchase as of now. The acquisition was the culmination of an intense price battle between the companies that were threatening to push Jersey City-based Quidsi out of business. Quidsi’s co-founder and then-CEO Marc Lore worked at Amazon for a few years following the deal, but it is an open secret in the industry that he did not enjoy his time there. He went on to launch an Amazon competitor, Jet.com, in 2015, which he sold last year to Walmart for $3.3 billion. Lore now runs all U.S. e-commerce operations for Walmart, Amazon’s biggest competitor stateside. Last week, he told me in an onstage interview at Code Commerce that his long-term goal for Walmart is to win the U.S. e-commerce battle. I asked him if that means being the No. 2 player behind Amazon, since the Seattle giant has such a huge lead. “Win means win,” Lore said. So is there a chance that Amazon’s decision was driven by more than what the public statement says — either some personal vendetta or some level of gamesmanship? That would seem like a long shot for such a data-focused company. But it has been easy to find people who know both companies well that won’t rule out the possibility. If you have more information about these changes, contact me at jason@recode.net or at 917 655 4267 on messaging services including Signal, Confide and WhatsApp. Subscribe to the Recode newsletter Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Your email Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. recode_divider More From Recode Full transcript: Crooked Media on Recode Decode Silicon Valley is living in a bubble of technology that’s not accessible to the rest of the world Pandora is in trouble, and Big Music is surprisingly sad about that Samsung’s Galaxy S8 shows Apple is behind the smartphone design trend The government just gave your ISP even more power. Here’s how to fight back. Google is letting its advertisers who bolted see which videos their ads could run on Trending Six jobs are eliminated for every robot introduced into the workforce, a new study says The threat of robots taking our jobs is very real. Samsung’s Galaxy S8 shows Apple is behind the smartphone design trend That’s probably okay, especially if iPhone 8 rumors turn out correct. The government just gave your ISP even more power. Here’s how to fight back. It’s time to tunnel all home internet traffic through a proxy server. More Trending Recode Daily Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Your email Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 14. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest Full transcript: Crooked Media on Recode Decode by Recode Staff Silicon Valley is living in a bubble of technology that’s not accessible to the rest of the world by Jan Dawson Pandora is in trouble, and Big Music is surprisingly sad about that by Peter Kafka Samsung’s Galaxy S8 shows Apple is behind the smartphone design trend by Dan Frommer Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Terra Tech Corp. March 29, 2017 16:33 ET Terra Tech Corp. Reschedules Full-Year 2016 Earnings Release for Friday, March 31, 2017 IRVINE, CA--(Marketwired - March 29, 2017) - Terra Tech Corp. (OTCQX: TRTC) ("Terra Tech") or (the "Company"), a vertically integrated cannabis-focused agriculture company, today announced that it has rescheduled the release of its full-year 2016 results to Friday, March 31, 2017 after U.S. markets close. The company has also rescheduled its earnings conference call to Friday, March 31, 2017 at 4:30 PM Eastern. Dial-In Number: 1-857-232-0157 Access Code: 422095 Derek Peterson, Chairman and CEO of Terra Tech Corp., will be answering shareholder questions at the end of the call. Should you have questions during or prior to the conference call please send an email to TRTC@kcsa.com with TRTC Question in the subject line. Mr. Peterson will answer as many questions as time will allow. For those unable to participate in the live conference call, a replay will be available at http://smallcapvoice.com/blog/trtc/. An archived version of the webcast will also be available on the investor relations section of the company's website. To be added to the Terra Tech email distribution list, please email TRTC@kcsa.com with TRTC in the subject line. About Terra Tech Terra Tech Corp. (OTCQX: TRTC) operates through multiple subsidiary businesses including: Blüm, IVXX Inc., Edible Garden, MediFarm LLC and GrowOp Technology. Blüm's retail medical cannabis facilities focus on providing the highest quality medical cannabis to patients who are looking for alternative treatments for their chronic medical conditions. Blüm offers a broad selection of medical cannabis products including; flowers, concentrates and edibles through its Oakland, CA and multiple Nevada locations. IVXX, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Terra Tech that produces medical cannabis-extracted products for regulated medical cannabis dispensaries throughout California. The Company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Edible Garden, cultivates a premier brand of local and sustainably grown hydroponic produce, sold through major grocery stores such as ShopRite, Walmart, Winn-Dixie, Raley's, Meijer, Kroger, and others throughout New Jersey, New York, Delaware, Maryland, Connecticut, Pennsylvania and the Midwest. Terra Tech's MediFarm LLC subsidiaries are focused on medical cannabis cultivation and permitting businesses throughout Nevada. The Company's wholly-owned subsidiary GrowOp Technology, specializes in controlled environment agricultural technologies. For more information about Terra Tech Corp visit: http://www.terratechcorp.com/ For more information about IVXX visit: http://ivxx.com/ For more information about Blüm Nevada visit: http://letsblum.com For more information about Blüm Oakland visit: http://blumoak.com/ Visit us on Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/terratechcorp/timeline Follow us on Twitter @terratechcorp For more information about Edible Garden visit: http://www.ediblegarden.com/ Visit Edible Garden on Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/ediblefarms?fref=ts Visit IVXX on Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/ivxxbrand?fref=ts Cautionary Language Concerning Forward-Looking Statements Statements in this press release may be "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as "anticipate", "believe", "estimate", "expect", "intend", and similar expressions, as they relate to the Company or its management, identify forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, and projections about the Company's business, based, in part, on assumptions made by management. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may, and probably will, differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements due to numerous factors, including those described above and those risks discussed from time to time in Terra Tech Corp.'s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, such statements could be affected by risks and uncertainties related to: (i) our ability to integrate Black Oak Gallery, a California corporation ("Black Oak"), as well as vitamin and dietary supplement lines, into the Company's operations, (ii) product demand, market, and customer acceptance of the Company's products, (iii) the Company's ability to obtain financing to expand our operations, (iv) the Company's ability to attract qualified sales representatives, (v) competition, pricing and development difficulties, (vi) the Company's ability to conduct the business of IVXX, Inc., the contemplated businesses of MediFarm, LLC, MediFarm I, LLC, and MediFarm II, LLC, if there are changes in laws, regulations, or government policies related to cannabis, (vii) the Company's ability to conduct operations if disease, insects, or mites affect Edible Garden Corp.'s produce, herbs, and floral products, and (viii) general industry and market conditions and growth rates and general economic conditions. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and the Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this release. Information on Terra Tech Corp.'s website does not constitute a part of this release. Contact Information Contact Philip Carlson KCSA Strategic Communications TRTC@kcsa.com 212-896-1238 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Terra Tech Corp. From this industry Agriculture Medical and Healthcare From this sub-industry Equipment and Supplies Farming Alternative See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ U.S. pricing, availability, and offers Jordan Palmer Follow View All Posts 2017/03/29 10:34am PDTMar 29, 2017 10 Plus 1 on G+ 29 Share on Facebook 40 Share on Twitter Total Shares79 AT&T Cricket Wireless Galaxy S8 MetroPCS News Samsung Sprint T-Mobile US Cellular Verizon Wireless Videos Article Contents 1 Carriers 1.1 AT&T 1.2 Sprint 1.3 T-Mobile 1.4 U.S. Cellular 1.5 Verizon 2 Retail 2.1 Best Buy The Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ are finally official, after months of leaks, speculation, and rumors. The phone seems like more than just another iterative step for good ol' Sammy, what with the shift to softkeys for navigation (finally), the new screen aspect ratio, and so on. But as exciting as all of this is, I am certain that those of you who are interested in either phone will want to know where, when, and for how much you can pick one up. Luckily, we've compiled a nice list for you. Before we get started, here's the official blurb from Samsung: "In the U.S., the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ will be available in Midnight Black, Orchid Gray and Arctic Silver. Pre-orders for both Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ will begin at 12:01 EDT on March 30, 20173. AT&T, Cricket Wireless, Sprint, Straight Talk Wireless, T-Mobile, U.S. Cellular, and Verizon Wireless will carry the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ in stores beginning April 21. In addition, the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ will be available at all Best Buy stores as well as BestBuy.com, ShopSamsung app, Target and Walmart." Carriers Most of the carriers have chimed in at this point, although we are still missing information from Cricket and Straight Talk. We'll keep you updated as we learn more. AT&T The blue carrier has announced its pricing and availability for the S8. Pre-orders open tomorrow, March 30, and there are a few pricing options. AT&T Next customers can get the smaller phone for $25 per month, or the larger for $28.34 per month — both for 30-month terms.That, taking into account the 0% APR, brings the final retail price to $750 and $852 respectively, excluding taxes (which are due at the time of sale). In addition, Next customers are also eligible for the following promotions: Up to $750 in bill credits toward another S8/S8+ The new Gear VR controller and Oculus content bundle A Gear S3 for $49 with a two-year contract A Galaxy Tab E or Gear S2 for $0.99 with a two-year contract AT&T also mentions that Samsung's newest devices will be the first ones to take advantage of the carrier's "5G Evolution Markets" program. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are expected to be available on April 21. Sprint Sprint's pre-orders begin tomorrow, March 30th, including the same three colors as the other US carriers, along with the Gear VR bundle. You can also choose to upgrade to the Gear VR "Experience" bundle that includes a set of premium on-ear headphones and a 256GB memory card along with the Gear VR pack. Sprint will offer the S8 for $31.25 per month for 18 months on lease, and the S8+ will be $35.42 for the same 18 months. Sprint adds that Boost and Virgin will stock the standard S8 starting on April 21st. Sprint's standard retail price for S8 and S8+ will be $750 and $850, respectively. T-Mobile Team Magenta, on the other hand, released plenty of details for the S8, pricing, and network capabilities (what's a Tmo press release without the company talking about its network?). Customers can pre-order Samsung's latest at 9:01pm PT tonight, March 29. Both phones can be had for $30/month on the Equipment Installment Plan for 24 months. The catch is that the S8 requires $30 (plus taxes) down initially, whereas the S8+ requires $130 down. That makes the phones $750 and $850 respectively when all is said and done. Pre-orderers will also score the new Gear VR controller and Oculus content bundle for free. T-Mobile is also hyping up its new network technology, where the S8 will be the first to take advantage of a trifecta of stuff. I don't want to spoil your experience reading up on it, so be sure to check out the source links and the end of the post. MetroPCS customers can also take advantage of the pre-order freebies. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are supposed to launch on April 21. U.S. Cellular The underdog of the bunch, U.S. Cellular is also getting in on the new Galaxy goodness. Where this carrier is hoping to stand out is that customers can get the S8/S8+ for nothing down (with qualifying trade-in) — if you don't have such a device and want a new Galaxy S8, the company will give a you a $100 promo card. As for pricing, U.S. Cellular's press release doesn't actually specify what customers will pay. Though, if my calculator skills prove correct, I'd bet around $31/mo for the S8 and $35/mo for the S8+, assuming 0% APR and no down payment. Like its competitors, U.S. Cellular is giving its customers a Gear VR controller bundle for free if they pre-order between tomorrow, March 30, and April 20. I think it's pretty safe to assume that the phones will be available on April 21. U.S. Cellular reached out to us to offer a correction to the original press release. Only the Galaxy S8 will be "free," but the S8+ will cost $3.64 per month on a 30-month "retail installment contract." You can find the updated press release here or at the updated U.S. Cellular source link at the bottom of the post. Verizon We round out our carrier list with Verizon. Big Red is offering the Galaxy S8 and S8+ to Unlimited customers for $15/month for 24 months, 0% APR, with an eligible device trade-in. In short, that's a very good deal. Pre-orderers can choose between two additional options: 1). The new Gear VR controller and Oculus content bundle for free, or 2). the Experience Box, which includes the aforementioned free bundle plus a pair of Harman Kardon headphones and a 256GB microSD card, for $99. If you don't have a qualifying device for trade-in, then you'll need to pay $30 per month for the S8 ($720 final) or $35 per month for the S8+ ($840 final). Overall, Verizon has some of the better pricing for Samsung's new flagships. Both phones will be available on April 21. Retail There will be a few retail stores (besides the obvious carrier ones) where you can purchase a Galaxy S8 or S8+. Right now, we only have information from Best Buy, but you can also expect some news from Target and Walmart in the near future. Best Buy There isn't much to say with the electronics retailer, other than it is taking pre-orders for the S8/S8+ starting tomorrow. Like with Verizon, pre-orderers can get the Gear VR controller and Oculus content bundle for free or the Experience Box for $99. Best Buy is also offering Geek Squad Complete Protection (i.e. insurance) in case your phone breaks or something. Also be checking the stores and the website for cases, accessories, and whatnot. Source: AT&T, Sprint,  T-Mobile, U.S. Cellular,  Verizon, Best Buy Tags AT&T availability Best Buy Carriers galaxy s8 pricing Samsung Sprint T-Mobile Target US Cellular verizon wireless video walmart subscribe ... Previous Story Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series blasts its way onto the Play Store April 18th ... Next Story Exciting news for CRPG fans, Planescape Torment will see an enhanced edition release on April 11th Trending 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 Comments ddevito It's staggering to me to see people still falling for the carrier scam. Just buy the thing outright and save yourself a ton of dough in the long run. Cellphone Chris How is it any cheaper to do that? The carriers will allow you to buy outright as well - it's not like they charge interest on the installment plans. ddevito Right - then why use the carrier at all then? Suicide_Note The carrier versions have actually been getting updated quicker than the unlocked US models. Plus, the carriers offer easy installment plans. ddevito Okay, that's a good reason I guess. That's insane to me but I'm not disagreeing with you. Suicide_Note I agree. One would think the unlocked models would be updated faster, but unfortunately that hasn't been the case lately. Adil Tajgeer this. and with the phone launching on 7.0 instead of 7.1 i don't see samsung actually updating this round of unlocked phones in the US any faster. (the unlocked US model STILL doesn't have Nougat when all US carrier models do.) Jay Quir I dont beleive the unlocked model best buy will be selling will be the u.s. version. It will probably be a international one instead. Can't remember which international version the black s7 was though Adil Tajgeer I didn't think best buy sold international models, the s7 was a us unlocked model. But it would be better if they sold the intl ones since they seem to get better support. Jay Quir Yea they sold two versions of the gs7 one was the silver u.s. unlocked and the black international. I ended up taking back the black one due to not having samsung pay at the time ( I got way too used to Samsung Pay) now that samsung pay seems to be available in all countries ( I beleive) that shouldnt be a problem with the s8/s8 +. Although the international version s7 could not receive best buy geek squad protection. Jay Quir Yup still waiting for it, bet anything they wont update it until a month or so or the day of the s8 launch. Jay Quir Best buy up charges the unlocked models yet give you so many months to pay for it. All depends on how bad you dont want that carrier logo 😂 Suicide_Note Best Buy has the unlocked S8+ for $825, which is $25 cheaper than the carriers. Jay Quir Nice! Before they used to up charge the price. Still have to wait a month later but not that bad of a wait Doby Gillis Choice. Look up the definition if it confuses you. ddevito But won't you have more choices if bought outright? Adil Tajgeer i'm not sure i'm following your argument. what extra choices would you have in buying the unlocked model? as for cost, BYOD nets you the same discount as using an EIP on the major carriers, so you don't save anything on your bill. i can see if you want to use an MVNO and their service/price is a better option, but if one is happy with what they are getting service wise from a major carrier, there is no real benefit to buying a phone outright. if there is, please enlighten me, because i truly can't see the benefit. ddevito yes, more choice as in carriers. MVNOs use the same networks and are way cheaper. So I don't see YOUR point Adil Tajgeer MVNOs don't always offer the right service packages for everyone. if an MVNO works for you, then it's great as you can potentially save $20-30 a month, but if it doesn't and you're using a major carrier anyways, then there is really no reason to buy the phone outright. ddevito Okay, but you kind of said the same thing I did. Adil Tajgeer the issue is that MVNOs aren't a good deal for everyone. sometimes the plan offered by the major carrier works better for the user, and in that case, the EIP makes far more sense than buying the phone outright. everyone should shop around to see what works for them, being on a major carriers plan JUST to be able to get the phone in installments is a bad idea for sure. Michael2011 Just pay the damn thing off and free up your monthly income. You're essentially financing a phone and getting into debt. Debt is risk. Adil Tajgeer You're not spending any more or less money total either way. A fixed loan at 0% interest is not the same thing as a credit card, nor is it as dangerous. Michael2011 Lol. My friends who think like you are basically broke and better hope they stay in good health. Their monthly income is tied up in 0% fixed loans. One catastrophic event and they're bankrupt. Adil Tajgeer Sorry your friends have no idea how to manage their finances. Michael2011 Yup. As well as most Americans who believe debt (a fixed rate of 0% is still debt) is normal and acceptable. The problem is it ties up their income and introduces stress and risk because life happens (unexpected financial burdens). It's always best to save up and pay for toys in full. Michael2011 As well as many in countries where financing every little thing is normal. Have fun with your debt/liability. Adil Tajgeer I will, because the $30 a month is not going to break my budget. I know how to manage my money. Thanks! Michael2011 Sure you do. Keep living the debt life. Adil Tajgeer Keep living that judge life. You don't know me man, so kindly piss off with your judgement. Michael2011 You mad bro? Adil Tajgeer Nah, it really doesn't matter to me. Cellphone Chris I agree that updates are more timely. Also, why invest the capital up front when you don't need to? It's the same benefit of leasing a car - Controlled expense and the ability to upgrade more frequently - By the time your manufacturer's warranty is set to expire, you've most likely moved on to a newer device. ddevito Right, and I see your point of view with the warranty. But owning it outright gives you more choice and more flexibility with the device itself and the carrier it operates on. Yes, controlled expenses work when the total assets total much more than we have in our bank accounts (why mortgages exist, and car payments) but a < $1000 piece of equipment shouldn't have this much control of your expenses. It's ludicrous Cellphone Chris I agree with your assessment if the ability to switch carriers adds value for you. I've been very satisfied with mine, so I tend to lean the other way. Dllemm Except Sprint doesn't work with Verizon doesn't work with AT&T. And sim card locks. Justin W On top of that, with the value of money decreasing over time (inflation), paying $30/mo is better in the long-run with 0% interest than paying all of it down now, though of course this depends on whether or not you could/will invest the remaining amount in an investment that will be a net positive when considering inflation rate. MJ I don't know where you live but inflation is "low" in the US so that is not really a factor on "small" purchases like this. Saying that, I wouldn't ever buy a carrier phone nor want to be committed to service for the long term. This is ignoring the fact, that personally ,I could pay the balance immediately). niuguy Time value of money....$1 now is more valuable than $1 in a year. Inflation is only one component in that equation. MJ What? Time is a factor but NOT over two years for the amount in question. Again, inflation has been irrelevant for years now and the American dollar stable for even longer. The argument makes sense if purchasing a car or house but NOT a phone. Justin W I'd agree it's not a significant factor, but the value of money over time decreases in this economy. That may change, but typically it doesn't, but if we're looking at efficiency, that is probably the best way to do if you don't mind having a slightly higher monthly payment. As @niuguy:disqus said, the money is more valuable now than it will be in a month, a year, two years, etc. and that applies to pretty much everything. Defenestratus Believe it or not, many American's cannot find an emergency $500 if it came down to it. The smartest thing they did is release this around tax refund season since that is likely the only way a lot of people will be able to afford this handset at full retail. ddevito I agree with you, but it's so sad Maha Rashtrian Tax season point covered. Michael2011 Those people have no business buying a $750+ phone then. Adil Tajgeer if you're happy with your carrier, i don't see the issue with the EIP, it's a 0% interest loan and you need a carrier to use the phone anyways. if you are unhappy with service you can pay it off and move on, they will unlock the phone if its paid off, and with the verizon models they're unlocked anyways. i'd rather keep my money liquid than dump it all in a phone for no actual benefit. ddevito I don't mean to sound like an elitist, but having a "liquid" $800 isn't going to make or break you, and if you do your homework you will realize you will save money in the long run, thus being more "liquid" in the long run. I can understand expensive home appliances such as a furnace or roof, or a car payment, but not a smartphone. Adil Tajgeer that only works if you find an MVNO that is acceptable to you in terms of service for the price. metroPCS is $60 to get even close to the plan i have with tmo for $70, and they will still cap you at a far lower amount than tmo straighttalk is the same and will also cap you at a low amount same with mint so you have more options and can potentially save some money, but you also are getting less for that savings. i'll take my 30gb soft cap before throttling, unlimited international roaming, more tethering allowance, and other random perks for the $10-15 more a month. i get that $800-1000 isn't a ton of money, but i have yet to find an MVNO that really offers me much more for my money, and if one is on a major provider already then there is no benefit to sinking any amount of cash for no gain. ddevito I pay $55/month for Straight Talk on AT&T's network for 10GB. It's a great deal and I'm not capped until I reach the 10GB. Not sure what low amount you're referring to. Adil Tajgeer i pay $70 for unlimited on tmobile and i'm not capped until 30. being that i regularly use 15-20gb a month on average, the 10gb caps don't work for me, especially for the $15 in savings. plus their international roaming is a livesaver and has saved me a considerable amount of money traveling. most MVNOs at the 50+ price range will give you 10GB of data. if someone's usage is below 10GB (even more so if they use less than 6GB) MVNOs offer a good value, but if you use a lot of data (especially if you use more than 10GB) there is little benefit gained by using an MVNO. that is the crux of my argument, if you are happy with what you are getting from a major carrier, and MVNOs don't offer you what you need from a provider, then there is no benefit from buying the phone outright versus an EIP. if a new MVNO pops up, or offers a new plan that works better, simply paying off the phone you have will let you jump ship to them and you will be out the same money you would have been if you had bought it outright in the first place. niuguy The time value of money (TVM) is the idea that money available at the present time is worth more than the same amount in the future due to its potential earning capacity. This core principle of finance holds that, provided money can earn interest, any amount of money is worth more the sooner it is received. rockstarr27 The price isn't the issue, t-mobile is $750 with only $30 monthly payments, no interest, so you're actually saving money since it's still $750 in the future even when inflation has devalued your money. The real carrier scam is carrier lock-in. ddevito Okay, sure, but that's just T-Mobile. Unless you live in a metro area their coverage is miserable. MadMartigan "Unless you live in a metro area their coverage is miserable." So the LTE in my hometown is imaginary? Cool... DKBNYC How is having to pay off the phone a termination fee? You agreed to buy the phone at a set price. They were kind enough to let you do that over a set number of months. You decided 10 months in that you no longer want to use the service. Well you agreed to pay for a phone. Shouldn't you have to pay what you owe on your phone? " It isn't hard math to do once you realize how much dough you actually save with a sim-only/MVNO, etc." Didn't you have to buy a phone to use this? Whats the difference? tim242 It's the same price either way. ddevito For the phone, yes. But for service included, not even close. tim242 That has nothing to do with the price of the phone througj the carrier. ddevito I never said it did. But read your bill, you're paying for that phone whether you realize it or not. You simply want to troll and argue, but you're not doing a sufficient job keeping your argument going. I also added the cost of the service to my original point. In the long run you're paying more, it's a simple fact. You like paying more? Good for you, capitalism loves people like you. tim242 I don't know where you reside, but US carriers removed subsidies years ago. ddevito Yes. But you're still paying for it. But you're a troll, I get it. I'm moving on. MadMartigan "it's the same price either way" now equals trolling? I must have missed that memo - or the part where he made any kind of claim as to not "still paying for it"... tim242 I'm a troll for proving you wrong. Ok. yardie good luck buying a phone with no service what a tool TechGuy22 no, you end up paying more in long run tim242 What are you talking about? The S8 is $720 full retail on Verizon, or $30 per month for 24 months. That is $720 either way. yardie stop smoking crack bruh youre so stupid. please learn basic Math Benedict Weren't carrier phones also optimized for their specific network? ddevito Perhaps, but I don't believe that's the case with recent phones, but I can be wrong. Paco Inurreta I pay the same montly fee with my carrier with a phone or without it. Buying the phone from my carrier gives me 50% off the total phone price in a 24 month contract which I already use with or without a contract. So no, is not a scam if you know what the heck is up! Brendan Sprint seems to be offering a Gear VR with controller, content bundle, and an exclusive "Platinum Experience with Samsung Rewards". Cakefish UK pricing: S8: £689 S8+: £779 S7 series launch day pricing for comparison: S7: £569 (S8 is 21% more expensive) S7 edge: £639 (S8+ is 22% more expensive) Conclusion: thanks Brexit :( Moeen Ahmed Any VR headset available with pre orders? Checked Samsung and Carphone and neither seemed to offer VR headset. Christopher Bailey (Xcom923) you need to look at https://samsungpromotions.com/ X-47B You can't compare directly like that. You have to take into account inflation and base storage as well. Check prices against 64GB S7. Cakefish Yep, UK inflation is the highest it's been for years. I wonder why? Because Brexit. Samsung didn't sell 64GB S7 in UK by the way, only 32GB, so that comparison is moot. PC_Peasant’s number 1 fan S8 is more expensive in general too. Us TRUE €UROPEANS are gonna get fked too. Mike Marshall President of MSN!, is giving advice individuals to start "Work at home" method, that Loads of marketers have been doing more than a year now. These days only, I generated close to $36k so far with nothing but my computer and some free time, however i have a full-time nine to 5 job. Even everyone new at all to this, can make $50/per h undoubtedly and the income may go much very high over time... This is how i started >> http://adultadda.net/2Xk StopBeingOffendedDERP ridiculous blaming it on Brexit. Please, continue being a slave to a non-UK nation controlling who can enter your country and take jobs, vs. UK leaders. Cakefish Ridiculous eh? What caused the pound to drop considerably in value vs the US dollar in the last 12 months? Thereby making imported goods considerably more expensive. The Brexit referendum result. Francisco Peña Brexit happened 9 months ago. Maybe the pound dropped because the markets knew that Obama would finally leave and praise the banks that he did. StopBeingOffendedDERP The vote happened - the actual exit will take planning. Cakefish Brexit didn't happen 9 months ago, the referendum did. Article 50 was only just triggered today. So there's still roughly 2 years before the UK is officially out of the EU. And what does the former US president's term coming to an end have to do with the currency of the UK? StopBeingOffendedDERP As noted, Brexit would cause economic impact when first implemented. That would be 'short term'. If I were told 'merge with Mexico and Canada, let them dictate social, economic and trade policies, be powerless regarding who has essentially free reign to enter and hold jobs', I would gladly pay more money for luxury items. I guess that is my ultimate point. Overall, Brexit WILL be good for the UK and bad for the EU. Paying less to lose sovereignty is totally independence, IMHO. Cakefish They say 'short term' but this period of extreme economic uncertainty will last a minimum of another two years (until UK officially leaves the EU) and possibly many more as trade deals between nations often take many years to finalise and Scotland will try and break away again as soon as they can hold another independence referendum. Defenestratus So wait, if you do the pre-order promo do you get the VR headset with the controller? Or just the Controller? I'm so confused. Suicide_Note You get both. Defenestratus Score! Benedict Germany: Preorders are live, 799€, 899€, shipping 18th April 2017 rockstarr27 And unlocked is where? Synacks When Verizon means trade-in up top, do they mean existing customer trade-in as in Edge-Up? Or do they mean new customers trading in a device from another carrier? Corey W. Trading in any device, but it must be paid off entirely. tim242 They have the yearly upgrade now. They pay off the last half with your trade-in. But you have to have one of the devices from the last year or two that qualifies. Adil Tajgeer Tmobile is also offering that $99 SD card and headphone bundle, and i think samsung is giving the "platinum experience" thing on their end, so all carriers will be offering it Daniel Tiberius Which sd card and headphones are they? Adil Tajgeer Looks like a 256gb card and some on ear akg bt headphones Scott Looks like AT&T's BOGO deal requires a TV package :( TechGuy22 sounds good really expensive but if i can sell my s7 edge for around 300 then i'd be good Howard Stern ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ In addition, Next customers are also eligible for the following promotions: Up to $750 in bill credits toward another S8/S8+ WITH an additional line mind you. looks like a great device....but has battery improvements been made?? seems this will have the same lackluster battery the S7's had. Not that they were horrible, in my eyes, they couldve/shouldve been better. TechGuy22 also bootloader better not locked PC_Peasant’s number 1 fan It is, if you want that don't bother with Samsung TechGuy22 the exynos will be unlocked. the s7 edge is unlocked running remix rom Corey W. Man that $50 Gear S3 is a killer deal even with the $5/m for 24months, that's only a $170bucks headpiece747 Too bad Verizon is not offering that I would get the S8 and S3 in a heartbeat if they did. Corey W. Same lol. On Verizon too. Averix Please include the stupid upgrade fees in this pricing. Verizon's cost isn't so attractive when you tack on a useless $30 fee to each phone that has no clear value. MadMartigan T-Mobile is doing this now as well, but I don't remember the exact total of the "upgrade fee".... Lame. dabug91 $30 is what it was years ago. Isn't it $40 now? Averix Pretty sure it's still $30. A few years ago, the fee only applied to contract upgrades. If you were off contract, there was no fee. Then they made the fee mandatory for all. A $30 fee for me to swap a SIM chip ON MY OWN. If they want to charge an in-store setup fee of $30 for people that can't figure out what they're doing, fine. But making me pay a nebulous fee with 0 tangible benefit to me just makes me irritated. Aaron Did you call them first before SIM swapping? I mean if you are buying a new phone through them I can see where they have you but I have never noticed a charge when SIM swapping between phones myself. Of course Verizon tells you that you can't, but I've never noticed any issues afterward. dabug91 Well it was $40 even two years ago. It started at $30 in 2012, went to $35, and then $40, and now it's back down to $30. https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2017/01/verizon-raises-upgrade-fee-to-cover-increased-cost-but-its-costs-declined/ Ryan Cottrell Just do it on Verizonwireless.com and they usually waive the fee Averix No, they don't anymore. They used to online for full price buys, but it's locked in as part of the sale now. You may be able to get it waived if you call, but I wouldn't hold my breath. AbbyZFresh Samsung fans will be able to satisfy their burning desire for a new Galaxy product. It's gonna blow up the smartphone market. Marty The back looks like my Note 5. Nothing different. kapilmachi S8 is all about the front side. Marty ...except for the fingerprint scanner. Analyst_NYC So if i am already an AT&T customer, I can get buy 1 get 1 free (bill credits)? ArrTooDeeToo Meh Margaritas Ante Porcos Still no word on TouchWiz? Did they make it lighter or does it still suck as always? TouchWiz is the only big thank in Samsung phone that makes me look the other way. Kevin I have the S7Edge on Nougat and they've done wonders for TouchWiz (and I think they're calling it something else now). It's still not as lightweight as stock Android but it's considerably better than it's ever been and no longer makes me want to punch the nearest baby. jonzey231 Unlocked availability? Good_Ole_Pinocchio #Unlocked https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/f4745c019aae7e3c05746af0e61186e5fb91f093c06fdbaea6e834c1cf1ea30a.png Barron Roth Any downside to getting this version? Good_Ole_Pinocchio I mean it's fully unlocked and has the bands for all carriers...... But the unlocked S7 still doesn't have nougat....So theres that. Leonardo Baez You will get updates faster on an unlocked device than a carrier one Good_Ole_Pinocchio No. The US Unlocked models still don't have nougat. All the carrier variants do. Leonardo Baez I bet you that will be an upgrade OTA on the first week after unboxing it Good_Ole_Pinocchio Bro I'm taking about the unlocked S7 from last year lol. Daniel Tiberius Yeah that used to be the case but not anymore. :-( Mike O Probably the best... but those are looking at a May release. Eddy Nelson Lopez Look at the model number, if it ends with the letter U do not buy it if you care about software updates, if the variant ends with the F then do buy it, that's the best variant to receive Software updates and rhe Fastest thanks to the exynos processor. Eddy Nelson Lopez Is this the unlocked version finishing with a letter X like they did with the poor S7 that does not even have 7.0 yet or That's the the one finishing with the letter F AKA the best variant to buy and exynos variant? Good_Ole_Pinocchio The "U" model is the US Model that doesn't have Nougat. Don't think there's an X model. Best Buy used to sell the F International model but I don't think they do anymore since the U model became a thing last year. Eddy Nelson Lopez You're right, the U is the bad variant, the X is the variant they use for Demo purposes at the stores. Leonardo Baez Quick and dirty preview from Casey Neistat. (He works closely with samsung and got a preview sample unit) https://youtu.be/n0makpckS8c Maybe is the unfinished firmware or something else.... but the image quality of video and pictures looks better in the iPhone. Maybe something that can be corrected with an update? Jay Quir Not going to lie I have recently thought about going from cricket to att because of their direct tv cell phone plan bundle. Yet still trying to see if it will save me money in the long run. Anyone have that plan and dont mind saying how much they pay a month for it? Ailín Ó’S Irish pricing (probably same in the rest of the EU.) S8: €799.99 S8+ €899.99 Interestingly there's a network here (3) which will sell the phone 8 days before general release if someone preorders. Must be preordered by 12/4 however which means the phone will be available on 20/4 instead of 28/April. Richard Markert 95xU news? Mr. Robot "Pre-orders for both Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ will begin at 12:01 EDT on March 30, 20173" I strongly doubt there's much interest in the S8 by 20173 ;-) brgulker Is it just me, or is that fingerprint sensor in just about the worst possible spot imaginable? Who likes fingerprints all over their camera lenses!?!?! Bonedatt It's just you 😉 Wildcard Funny, if this were a HTC phone, you guys would have been killing them over the pricing Bonedatt Yea but htc screwed themselves. Always one step forward two steps backwards. They just started listening again to their customers. A little too late if you ask me, but I wish them well. I'm a fan of their designs. dblock Really on the fence about getting one of these. They appear to be quite nice, but I don't know if I want to lock myself into Verizon or not. Plus, the new rumors of the OnePlus 5 having an edge variant has me curious. Seeing as OPO phones are kind of the new Nexus phones these days. Vivek Rameses When does opo release their devices? dblock Just doing a quick search on the release dates for the OPO 2 and 3, looks like the summer months is when they typically release new devices. So, hopefully we can expect to seem some details soon on a device from them, with a release in June or July. Dllemm S8 plus? I had to double check, but it looks like they're ripping off Apple's naming scheme now? Cakefish What suffix or prefix would you give the larger model? Daniel Tiberius Ultra!! Cakefish That has been 'claimed' by HTC though ;) Mike O Venti? Dllemm XL or Pro or Edge or something their #1 direct competitor didn't just started using. Suresh Aryal There was Galaxy S2 plus years before iPhone plus. Dllemm It would help their credibility if (A) they were upfront about pricing and (B) acknowledge that most people use phone cases in their marketing and build the back of their phones more rigid. Daniel Tiberius Anyone know if I can still use Jump On Demand on T-Mobile for this? Flo R. S8 € 799.- S8+ € 899.- In Austria http://www.saturn.at/de/shop/samsung-s8.html?utm_medium=affilate&utm_campaign=SE%5F%5Fsparhamster%2Dpost&utm_source=sparhamster&etcc_var=textlink&etcc_grp=sparhamster&dclid=CNaO16DU_NICFYyPGwodyNEOnA Fiorta I gotta get rid of this Nexus 6. It's terrible... G6 or S8?! Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Ju kidding me mon? S8 or S8 Plus. G6 is nice, but not worth $750. iluvthesoftsoft One Plus 3T, and save $300-$400. Bonedatt OP3T... That's the equivalent (processor wise) to the G6. Eddy Nelson Lopez I can't believe people still buy phones from US carriers, that's the stupidest idea you can have, just buy the european variant at full price and forget about US carriers controlling your software updates and Just use a pre-paid company like Simple Mobile. lomsha You do that and let others make purchases as they wish. It's a free world. krazy $1199 and $1349 in Australia... Insane! Follow Android Police 1.51M 463k 141k 102k Latest Deals 14 Galaxy S8 pre-orders come with a free Gear VR, plus optional discounts on headphones and a microSD card 2017/03/29 6:56pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] Get a seller refurbished T-Mobile Galaxy S7 for $290 ($287 off) 2017/03/28 7:57pm PDTMar 28, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Amazon will give you $5 to order from Prime Now using Alexa 2017/03/26 11:41am PDTMar 26, 2017 26 [Deal Alert] Pick up an AUKEY car charger with a QC 3.0 port and a USB Type-C 5V 3A port for $9.20 (Normally $19.99) 2017/03/25 5:23pm PDTMar 25, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Get a Triby portable speaker with Amazon Alexa for $69.99 on Woot! (65% off) 2017/03/25 5:00am PDTMar 25, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 203 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 156 LG G6 review: A breath of fresh air 2017/03/28 9:35am PDTMar 28, 2017 103 Moto G5 Plus review: Still the king of budget phones 2017/03/27 12:45pm PDTMar 27, 2017 244 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge long-term review: A home run for most, but not for all 2017/03/24 8:01am PDTMar 24, 2017 88 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A good tablet with a bad price 2017/03/23 8:15am PDTMar 23, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 2 [Bonus Round] Stunt Wheels Party, Deep Town, Reporter, Castaway Home Designer, Sword of Shadows, and Digit Drop 2017/03/18 4:25pm PDTMar 18, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Titan Attacks, Anycrate, Digby Forever, Virexian, Heroes 2, and Hardway 2017/03/16 11:09am PDTMar 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 6 Not one to let a franchise sit on its laurels, Ubisoft is bringing its Tom Clancy series to Android 2017/03/29 2:09pm PDTMar 29, 2017 4 Exciting news for CRPG fans, Planescape Torment will see an enhanced edition release on April 11th 2017/03/29 11:45am PDTMar 29, 2017 5 Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series blasts its way onto the Play Store April 18th 2017/03/29 9:22am PDTMar 29, 2017 28 Inbox v1.43 prepares to give users more control over notification frequency by looking for high priority messages [APK Teardown] 2017/03/29 9:21am PDTMar 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 66 1 Year Ago Today Amazon Updates Its Policies To Ban USB Type-C Cables That Are Not Fully Spec Compliant 2016/03/29 8:29pm PDTMar 29, 2016 95 2 Years Ago Today Upbeat Monsters Icon Pack Fills Your Homescreen With Adorable Googly-Eyed Apps 2015/03/29 11:57am PDTMar 29, 2015 79 3 Years Ago Today Rumor: Google Now Will Help You Remember, Pay Your Bills [APK Teardown] 2014/03/29 11:55am PDTMar 29, 2014 69 4 Years Ago Today [New App] BBQScreen Mirrors Your Display On A Computer At 25FPS (Root Only) 2013/03/29 7:31pm PDTMar 29, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today WSJ: Google To Open Online Store This Year, Will Sell Tablets Independently Of Retailers (Perhaps With The Launch Of Jellybean) 2012/03/29 8:56pm PDTMar 29, 2012 9 6 Years Ago Today Get Your Credit Cards Ready - Android In-App Billing System Now Live (P.S. Devs, No More Separate Lite/Paid Apps, Please) 2011/03/29 8:34pm PDTMar 29, 2011 11 7 Years Ago Today Upgrade Your Android Phone's External Storage With A-Data Turbo 16GB Class 6 MicroSD Card - Review And Benchmarks 2010/03/29 11:15pm PDTMar 29, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 63 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 105 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 35 Galaxy S7 and S7 edge vs Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+: Photos, comparisons, specs, and more 2017/03/29 8:00am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 7 Days 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 63 Samsung Galaxy S8: The five best new features 2017/03/29 8:01am PDTMar 29, 2017 105 A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users 2017/03/29 8:48am PDTMar 29, 2017 56 [Update: Logitech, August, Rachio, more] Google Assistant can now control LIFX, TP-Link, Vivint, and Best Buy Insignia devices 2017/03/29 2:30am PDTMar 29, 2017 Last 30 Days 324 YouTube TV is official, includes 40+ networks for $35/month 2017/02/28 1:55pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 251 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 319 Press shot of the Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks 2017/02/28 7:21pm PDTFeb 28, 2017 241 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 142 queries | 0.518s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Beauty Style Video Love The State of Dating Subscribe Give a Gift Digital Editions Follow Celebrities & Entertainment Back Celebrities & Entertainment Celeb News Celebs TV Movies Books Music Beauty & Style Back Beauty & Style Beauty & Style News Beauty Advice Beauty How Tos Style Style How Tos Cosmo Beauty Closet Politics College Career Health & Fitness Back Health & Fitness Health & Fitness How Tos Food & Cocktails Sex & Relationships Back Sex & Relationships Sex News Cosmo Confessions Sex Positions Sex Tips Guys Weddings Bedroom Blog Parenting Cosmo For Latinas Horoscopes Lenny Letter All News All Videos Subscribe Back Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give a Gift Newsletter Follow Back Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Youtube Tumblr Promotions Win Type keyword(s) to search Well, Oreo Flavored Oreos Are Officially Here I mean, Cookies & Creme Oreos. JunkBanter.com By Danielle Tullo Mar 29, 2017 Today, I told someone that Cookies & Creme Oreos exist. They said, That sounds amazing! And then they took a second and realized that Cookies & Creme Oreos are, basically, Oreo-flavored Oreos. The internet also feels this way. Cookies N Creme Oreo's sound so good until you realize that's what Oreo's already are.— nans fan acct IP ☠️ (@AintNoDylanBih) January 29, 2017 Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Last year, Walmart held a contest to vote for the next Oreo flavor, which would be sold exclusively at the store in 2017. The options were Caramel Apple, Jelly Donut, and Cookies & Creme. Cookies & Creme won. Rage began. Alright so Oreo is having a contest for a new flavor at Walmart. One of them is Cookies and Creme.. OREO FLAVORED OREOS. America has failed.— Glenn Keener (@keenerwiener) May 20, 2016 Cookies N creme is smashed up oreos.... and oreos has a cookies n creme flavor.... so smashed up oreos in an oreo? 😂😂😂— Haleigh Botello (@halsss23) March 9, 2017 Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Now, the limited-edition Oreos are here and, unsurprisingly, people are still not over it. You know the world is running out of good ideas when they make Oreo flavored oreos... I mean cookies and creme oreos.— Taylor Lysenko (@taylorlysenko) March 27, 2017 @Oreo, cookies and creme flavored oreos are a little redundant, don't you think?— ♡ Mindy Reindeer ♡ (@MindyReininger) March 29, 2017 Advertisement - Continue Reading Below lmao @ the cookies and creme flavored Oreo— m (@manesha_narain) March 1, 2017 Cookies & Creme Oreos are just Oreo flavored Oreos and I'm just now noticing that. 🤔— Le4che (@le4che) March 27, 2017 Food review blog Junk Banter wrote a post after trying the cookies and said, "Of course these taste good, because they taste like Oreos." The review added, "It’s as if someone took Oreo crumbs and dumped them into the regular creme." Fair enough. The icing doesn't look that different from a regular Oreo. New review is live at JunkBanter.com! Link on profile page. Add us on Facebook 👍🏼, Twitter 🕊, and Snap 👻: junkbanter. If you've tried this product, share your thoughts below. A post shared by JunkBanter.com 🍫🍺💪🏼 (@junkbanter) on Mar 28, 2017 at 6:04pm PDT Advertisement - Continue Reading Below If you do want to get some Oreo Flavored Oreos Cookies & Creme Oreos, they're available in Walmart stores now. For more food news and magical recipes, follow Cosmo Bites on Facebook! Follow Danielle on Instagram and Twitter. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Share Tweet Email More From Food & Cocktails Behold: The World's First Cloud That Rains Tequila This Starbucks Secret Menu Drink Is A Cold Blaster Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Starbucks Employee Receives Cute Customer Apology Soon You Can iMessage a Starbucks Gift Card These Cotton Candy Ice Cream Cones Are So Dreamy 18 Fun Cocktails Every Bachelorette Party Needs Unicorn Noodles Are Here and You Need to See Them McDonald's Is Selling Big Mac Sauce Say Good-Bye to Dunkin' Donuts' Coffee Coolatta 12 Annoying Questions People Ask at Chipotle Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Food & Cocktails Oreo Just Released a Brand-New Cookie and It's Way Different Oreo Churros Are Hitting Grocery Stores so Stop Whatever You're Doing Immediately Alert! Oreo Beer Is a Real Thing Oreo Releases The World's Most Perfect Flavor Two More New Oreo Flavors Are Expected This Summer Watch Your Favorite Harry Potter Characters Come to Life on Oreos Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Cosmo Books Work For Cosmo Become A Cosmo Intern Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get This Ad? BestProducts A Part of Hearst Digital Media ©2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Share Tweet Email
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 March 2017 by Military News e.l.f. Beauty, Inc. Announces Proposed Secondary Public Offering of Common Stock OAKLAND, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–e.l.f. Beauty, Inc. (NYSE:ELF) today announced that it has commenced a proposed secondary public offering of 7,000,000 shares of common stock. All of such shares will be offered and sold by stockholders of e.l.f., and the selling stockholders will receive all of the net proceeds from this offering. e.l.f. will not be selling any shares of its common stock. In addition, certain selling stockholders are expected to grant the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,050,000 shares of common stock at the public offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC are acting as joint lead book-running managers in the proposed offering. Piper Jaffray & Co. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC are also acting as book-running managers in the proposed offering. William Blair & Company, L.L.C., BMO Capital Markets Corp., Cowen and Company, LLC, Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated and SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. are acting as co-managers in the proposed offering. A registration statement relating to the securities has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission but has not yet become effective. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. The offering will be made by the selling stockholders only by means of a prospectus. A copy of the preliminary prospectus related to the offering may be obtained, when available, from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, or by calling toll-free at (866) 803-9204 or Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York 10014, Attention: Prospectus Department. About e.l.f. Beauty, Inc. e.l.f. makes luxurious beauty accessible for all women to play beautifully®. Established in 2004 as an e-commerce business (www.elfcosmetics.com), e.l.f. has become a true multi-channel brand through its e.l.f. stores and national distribution at Target, Walmart, CVS, Old Navy and other leading retailers. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements, including statements regarding the proposed secondary public offering, are based on the Company’s current plans and expectations and involve risks and uncertainties which are, in many instances, beyond the Company’s control, and which could cause actual results to differ materially from those included in or contemplated or implied by the forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the Company’s ability to grow Net Sales, Gross Margin, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Pro Forma Diluted earnings per share as anticipated; the Company’s ability to effectively compete with other cosmetics companies; the Company’s ability to successfully introduce new products; the loss of one or more of the Company’s key retail customers or if the general business performance of its key retail customers declines; the consequences if the Company fails to maintain the quality, performance and safety of its products; the Company’s ability to successfully implement its growth strategy; the Company’s ability to grow its business at historic rates, or at all, and to manage growth effectively; any damage to the Company’s reputation or brand; the loss of, or damage to, the Company’s warehouse and distribution center and/or the manufacturing facilities or distribution centers of its third-party manufacturers and suppliers; the loss of the third-party suppliers, manufacturers, distributors and other vendors that the Company relies on to produce products or provide services that are consistent with its standards or applicable regulatory requirements; the Company’s ability to effectively manage its inventory; the Company’s ability to manage its debt obligations; the Company’s ability to maintain sufficient liquidity to sustain its business and meet seasonal working capital requirements; the Company’s ability to protect against service interruptions, data corruption, cyber-based attacks or network security breaches, and to effectively resolve issues in a timely manner if they occur; the Company’s ability to protect sensitive information of its consumers and information technology systems against security breaches; the Company’s ability to manage the political, legal and economic risks associated with its operations in China; and other risks and uncertainties that may be described from time to time in the Company’s reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the risks and uncertainties set forth in the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15, 2017, as amended. Any forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended, and speak only as of the date hereof. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect developments or information obtained after the date hereof and disclaims any obligation to do so other than as may be required by law. ELF-PRI CategoriesUncategorized Tagsattention, Books, Business, commission, Companies, company, general, Legal, Markets, navy, private, section, service, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Leak Detection Market for the Oil and Gas Industry is Projected to be Worth USD 3.15 Billion by 2021: Technavio Next PostNext The 700 Club: How Sexual Orgasms Tricked Jordone Branch and How She Fought Back Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Gadget Hacks Android Hacks WonderHowTo Gadget Hacks Next Reality Invisiverse Driverless Null Byte Android Basics Glossary of Terms Galaxy S8 Rumors HTC 11 Rumors Everything Pixel Rooting Guide Gaming Roundups Forum Stay Secure How-Tos News News: Samsung Galaxy S8 & S8+ with Infinity Display, Iris Scanner & More—Here's Everything You Need to Know By Amboy Manalo Yesterday 12:55 PM Gadget Hacks Samsung Galaxy S8 & S8+ with Infinity Display, Iris Scanner & More—Here's Everything You Need to Know The new Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ phones were announced on March 29 at the Samsung UNPACKED 2017 event. Preorders start on March 30 for the Korean tech giant's latest flagships, and sales officially begin in the US on April 21. Samsung will need a smooth release to win back consumer trust after the Note7 mess, and it's already looking like the S8 won't disappoint. As already mentioned above, the Galaxy S8 will come in two different sizes, the 5.8-inch S8 and 6.2-inch S8+. Unlike last year's Galaxy S7 models, the S8 variants will only be available with curved "edge" screens. Preorder on March 30; Release on April 21 In the United States, the new Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ will be available for preordering on March 30, 2017, at 12:01 p.m. EDT (9:01 a.m. PDT). The phones will be available in stores starting April 21. You can pick one up at AT&T, Cricket Wireless, Sprint, Straight Talk Wireless, T-Mobile, US Cellular, and Verizon Wireless. Also, Best Buy, Target, and Walmart will carry them, and you'll be able to snag one on the ShopSamsung app, too. Don't Miss: Samsung Galaxy S8 Preorder Links & Pricing for Major US Carriers & Retailers Image via Samsung Quad HD+ AMOLED 5.8" & 6.2" Infinity Displays The rumors we've heard over the last few months were spot on here, in terms of size. The new Galaxy S8 will sport a 5.8-inch screen, while the Galaxy S8+ will have a 6.2-inch screen. Both phones will be equipped with a Quad HD+ Super AMOLED display with a 2,960 x 1,1440 resolution, however, the S8 will have 570 ppi, while the S8+ will only have 529 ppi. The default resolution will be Full HD+, but can be manually changed to the Quad HD+ resolution in the settings. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ come with Samsung's new "Infinity Display" (something that we knew before from a patent), which is an edge-to-edge screen without bezels. The screen-to-body ratio (how much real estate the display occupies in relation to the whole front) is about 84%, which, when compared that with S7's 72.1%— mind blown. Image via Samsung And just like we saw with all of the rumors before, the screens will, in fact, have rounded corners, which is a nice change of pace of Samsung. Image via Samsung The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are also the first phones to be certified by the UHD Alliance as MOBILE HDR PREMIUM. The UHD Alliance just announced its mobile certification in February, so the certification itself is pretty new for smartphones, though they've been certifying other devices, like Blu-ray players and HDTVs, for a few years now. Taptic Virtual Home Button, Programmable Soft Keys The increase of the S8's screen aspect ratio to 84% necessitated the removal of the iconic home button to maintain a balance between size and overall aesthetics. Samsung came up with a brilliant compromise, and embedded a virtual home button in its Always On display. The area within the home button's immediate vicinity is 3d touch enabled with taptic feedback, so pressing on the virtual button will feel just like a traditional analog one. The Virtual home button on the bottom of the screen will feel like an analog button when pressed The Back and Task keys on either side of the home button are now programmable on the S8. This small but significant feature will give individual users the freedom to program those keys according to their personal preference, and will no doubt make switching from other Android devices a whole lot easier. A Rear-Mounted Fingerprint Sensor Just like we thought, the Galaxy S8 and S8+ will both have a fingerprint sensor on the back instead of the front, and will be positioned just beside the rear camera. As Samsung puts it, "your finger goes naturally to the fingerprint sensor on the back and it's unlocked in one seamless move," and you won't have to wake the screen first in order to unlock it this way. Images via Samsung Iris Scanner Along with the standard security measures such as fingerprint scanning, face recognition, passwords, patterns, and PINs, the Galaxy S8 and S8+ will come equipped with iris scanning protection. As Samsung puts it, just "align your eyes with the twin circles on-screen to scan your irises. Your phone is unlocked with a look." Image via Samsung Either an Exynos 8895 or Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Processor Samsung's new flagships will be the the first smartphones to utilize processors built on the latest 10 nm architecture. The 64-bit octa-core processors not only provide marked improvement in sheer processing power, but also improves on overall efficiency. Thanks to its processor, the Galaxy S8 and S8+ are able to handle loads never before utilized in a smartphone en masse, like the ability to become a miniature desktop PC with the use of Samsung DeX. Although Samsung didn't mention the S8's processor by name at its UNPACKED event, or even on the specs page for the devices, it's safe to say that the US variants of the flagship will have the Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 under the hood, and some other markets will get the Exynos 8895. 64 GB with Expandable Storage & 4 GB of RAM The Galaxy S8 and S8+ have 64 GB of internal storage. Both come with an option for expandable storage via microSD card slot which can support up to 256 GB. Samsung's flagships comes equipped with 4 GB of RAM to help ensure snappy performance, especially when multitasking. 8 MP Wide Angle Front-Facing Camera Snapchatters, rejoice! The Galaxy S8 and S8+ features an advanced 8 MP front camera that comes equipped with autofocus. It also has the ability to take wide-angle selfies that's sure to come in incredibly handy for those moments where you need to take a group selfie, or take one under a scenic backdrop. Other details you'll want to know: it has an f/1.7 aperture, 1.22 µm pixel size, 1/3.6" sensor size, and a field of view of 80 degrees. It also has VDIS (video digital image stabilization), but no stabilization for images. 12 MP Rear Camera Utilizing Dual Pixel Sensors The Galaxy S8 and S8+ both utilize dual pixel sensors in its cameras. The sensors optimizes the 12 MP shooter for better low-light photography and is sure to give the current camera champ, the Google Pixel, a run for its money. Other camera refinements include better software processing, the ability to adjust image quality to suit individual needs, and OIS (optical image stabilization). Just like the front camera, it also has VDIS (video digital image stabilization). Image via Samsung It also has an f/1.7 aperture, with a 1.4 µm pixel size, 1/2.55" sensor size, and a field of view of 77 degrees. There is no optical zoom, but it does have digital zoom that maxes out at 8 times magnification. Other features in the camera app include a pro mode, panoramas, slow motion, hyperlapse, food mode, and RAW file support. Image by Android Authority/YouTube Meet Bixby, Samsung's AI Assistant Bixby, Samsung's very own AI, promises to be all-encompassing, and will have access to all the file systems and apps within the flagship. It has the ability to learn from its owner's smartphone habits and organize the S8 accordingly through frequently used tiles that are easily accessed by swiping left of the main screen. The assistant will also give the user unprecedented ability to interact with the S8 by being able to switch seamlessly between voice and touch commands, and has the ability to even understand incomplete phrases to complete tasks through cognitive tolerance. IP68 Water- & Dust-Resistance Rating Continuing onward from the S7, the Galaxy S8 and S8+ are rated IP68 for water and dust resistance. No surprise here. Full Specifications We've covered most of the major features in the Galaxy S8 and S8+ already, but let's take a second to go over the raw data to get a clearer picture of Samsung's flagships screen, S8: 5.8" Quad HD+ Super AMOLED 2,960 x 1,440, 570 ppi screen, S8+: 6.2" Quad HD+ Super AMOLED 2,960 x 1,440, 529 ppi OS: Android v7.0 Nougat, Touchwiz UI processor: Octa-core (2.3 GHz Quad + 1.7 GHz Quad), 64 bit, 10 nm processor RAM: 4 GB storage: 64 GB (expandable to 256 GB via microSD) rear camera: 12-megapixel, dual pixel sensors, OIS, 77º FOV, f/1.7 aperture front camera: 8 megapixels, autofocus, 80º FOV, f/1.7 aperture battery, S8: 3,000 mAh battery, S8+: 3,500 mAh charging port: USB Type-C quick charge: yes wireless charging: yes dimensions, S8: 5.86 x 2.68 x 0.31 inches, 5.47oz dimensions, S8+: 6.28 x 2.89 x 0.32 inches, 6.10oz water resistance: IP68 Follow Gadget Hacks on Facebook, Twitter, Google+, and YouTube Follow Android Hacks on Facebook, Twitter, and Pinterest Follow WonderHowTo on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, and Google+ Cover image via Samsung; screenshots via Amboy Manalo from the UNPACKED event Related Rumor Roundup: All of the Cool New Gadgets to Look for at Mobile World Congress 2017 News: Samsung Seems Set to Eliminate Beloved Features with the Galaxy S8 News: Samsung May Finally Stop Teasing & Show Us Its Foldable Smartphone News: Nokia 8/P1 Rumor Roundup—Snapdragon 835 Processor, 22.3 MP Camera, 6 GB RAM & More News: HTC 11 Rumor Roundup—2K Display, 8 GB RAM, Snapdragon 835 & More News: iPhone 8 Rumor Roundup—Here's the Latest on Apple's 10th Anniversary Smartphone How To: How Much RAM Will You Need in Your Next Android Phone? Rumor Roundup: Google Pixel 2 to Feature a Better Low Light Camera, Snapdragon 835 & More How To: Get the LG G6's Rounded Display Corners on Any Android News: New Leaked Screenshots of the Samsung Galaxy S4 Confirm "Smart" Features and More! Rumor Roundup: LG V30 to Feature 6 GB RAM, Dual Front & Back Cameras, Snapdragon 835 Processor & More News: The Oppo Find 7 Phone Will Make You Feel Like a Magician News: How to Watch the Samsung's Galaxy S5 Launch Today Live News: Everything We Know About the Samsung Galaxy Note7 Right Now News: Order for iPhone 8's 3D Touch Sensors & AMOLED Panels Suggest Higher Price & No Launch in September News: Specs Leak for the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 News: Samsung Teases the Galaxy S5 Ahead of Launch News: Could This Be the New Samsung Galaxy S6? Rumor Roundup: A New Microsoft HoloLens Could Be Coming in 2017—Here's What We Know So Far News: The Samsung Galaxy S4 Rumor Roundup (Live Updates) News: Rumors Are Swirling That the iPhone 7 WILL Have a Headphone Jack, but We're Not Buying It How To: Stay Updated on All the Latest News for Your Samsung Galaxy S4 with Drippler News: Samsung's TouchWiz Updates Aren't as Bad as You Think News: Leaked Pics Just Revealed the Samsung Galaxy S7 News: LG G5 to Be Unveiled at Mobile World Congress, Stealing Samsung's Thunder News: Leaks Show Off the Upcoming HTC One M8 Prime News: Samsung's Galaxy Note 6 May Let You Scan Your Eye to Unlock News: Solid Details on the Samsung Galaxy S5 Emerge as Its Release Date Approaches How To: Get Samsung's Internet Browser on Almost Any Android Device News: iPhone 6 Spotted Again, & It's Bigger & Badder Than the 5S News: The Latest Google Pixel Phone Leaks Show It All LG’s New G4 Flagship Phone: Everything You Need to Know How To: Install the Leaked Lollipop Firmware on Your Sprint Galaxy S5 News: Samsung Galaxy S7 Likely to Have iPhone-Like Pressure-Sensitive Screen News: Samsung to Debut Galaxy S7 & Others in March 2016 News: Unpacked! Samsung Teases Galaxy S5 Reveal Date News: Social networking via Kobo ebook News: The Samsung Galaxy S5 Will Come with Over $500 Worth of Freebies News: DigitalRev's Hands on review of the 7D News: Filing Indicates a HUGE Battery on the New Samsung Galaxy S7 Be the First to Comment Share Your Thoughts You Login to Comment Click to share your thoughts Hot Latest How to Root Android: Our Always-Updated Rooting Guide for Any Phone or Tablet News: Samsung Galaxy S8 Preorder Links & Pricing for Major US Carriers & Retailers News: Google's Pixel 3 Stirs Up Competition Between Phone Makers HTC, LG, TCL & Coolpad News: HTC Rumored to Reveal Snapdragon 835 Flagship with Touch-Sensitive Frame News: Google to Remove SMS Features from Hangouts (Update: New Version Rolling Out) How To: Get the New Pixel Launcher from Android O on Almost Any Phone News: Watch the Galaxy S8 Live Stream at Samsung UNPACKED 2017 News: HTC U Spec Leak Shows Off Internals How To: 12 Tips to Help You Master Gboard for Android News: 25 Cool New Features & Changes Coming in Android O How To: 7 Ways to Bypass Android's Secured Lock Screen How To: Convert a Micro SIM Card to Fit the Nano Slot on Your HTC One M8 Android Basics: How to See What Kind of Processor You Have (ARM, ARM64, or x86) How To: Download High-Res Album Artwork & Detailed ID3 Tags for Your Android's MP3 Library How To: See Passwords for Wi-Fi Networks You've Connected Your Android Device To How To: Block Ads in All Your Android Apps Without Root or Extra Battery Drain How To: Get the Pixel's Amazing New 'Live Earth' Wallpapers on Your Android Device How To: Get a New Look on Android with Nougat's Hidden Theme Engine How To: Block Ads in Android's YouTube App Without Using Xposed How To: Get iPhone Emojis on Your HTC or Samsung Device (No Root Needed) All Features News: Samsung Galaxy S8 Preorder Links & Pricing for Major US Carriers & Retailers News: Google's Pixel 3 Stirs Up Competition Between Phone Makers HTC, LG, TCL & Coolpad News: HTC Rumored to Reveal Snapdragon 835 Flagship with Touch-Sensitive Frame News: Google to Remove SMS Features from Hangouts (Update: New Version Rolling Out) How To: Get the New Pixel Launcher from Android O on Almost Any Phone News: Watch the Galaxy S8 Live Stream at Samsung UNPACKED 2017 News: HTC U Spec Leak Shows Off Internals How To: 12 Tips to Help You Master Gboard for Android News: 25 Cool New Features & Changes Coming in Android O How To: 7 Ways to Bypass Android's Secured Lock Screen How To: Convert a Micro SIM Card to Fit the Nano Slot on Your HTC One M8 Android Basics: How to See What Kind of Processor You Have (ARM, ARM64, or x86) How To: Download High-Res Album Artwork & Detailed ID3 Tags for Your Android's MP3 Library How To: See Passwords for Wi-Fi Networks You've Connected Your Android Device To How To: Block Ads in All Your Android Apps Without Root or Extra Battery Drain How To: Get the Pixel's Amazing New 'Live Earth' Wallpapers on Your Android Device How To: Get a New Look on Android with Nougat's Hidden Theme Engine How To: Block Ads in Android's YouTube App Without Using Xposed How To: Get iPhone Emojis on Your HTC or Samsung Device (No Root Needed) How To: Get Spotify Premium Features on Android Without Paying a Dime All Hot Posts © 2017 WonderHowTo, Inc Sections Android Hacks How-Tos Android Basics Games HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO 4G Everything Else News Android Hacks News Roundups IFA 2014 News Everything Else Forum Android Hacks Forum Android Hacks Sites Android Hacks Home HTC One Nexus Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung GS4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Nexus 7 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Amazon Fire LG G3 Samsung Galaxy S7 OnePlus Galaxy Note 4 Gadget Hacks Sites Gadget Hacks Home Android Hacks HTC One Nexus Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung GS4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Nexus 7 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Amazon Fire LG G3 Samsung Galaxy S7 OnePlus Galaxy Note 4 iOS Gadget Hacks Smartphones Hacks, Mods & Circuitry Digiwonk Internet Windows Tips Mac Tips Cord Cutters Tablets Tech Pr0n Featured Sites WonderHowTo Home Gadget Hacks Food Hacks Daily Next Reality Invisiverse Driverless Null Byte The Secret Yumiverse MacGyverisms Lock Picking Mad Science Mind Hacks Gadget Hacks Sites Gadget Hacks Home Android Hacks HTC One Nexus Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung GS4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Nexus 7 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Amazon Fire LG G3 Samsung Galaxy S7 OnePlus Galaxy Note 4 iOS Gadget Hacks Smartphones Hacks, Mods & Circuitry Digiwonk Internet Windows Tips Mac Tips Cord Cutters Tablets Tech Pr0n Next Reality Sites Next Reality Home Augmented Reality News Mobile AR News Mixed Reality News HoloLens Magic Leap Meta 2 Google Glass Virtual Reality News Mobile VR News HTC Vive Oculus Rift Invisiverse Sites Invisiverse Home Driverless Sites Driverless Home Login or signup Settings My Writing Messages Notifications Navigation Loading...
Accident in MacArthur sends 1 person to hospital - Beckley, Bluefield & Lewisburg News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY CBS59 News Don Blankenship UBB Case Local News Crime & Punishment International Missing Persons National Virginia Headlines Strange and Unusual News West Virginia Headlines Weather Download the StormTracker59 App 7-Day Forecast Radar - StormTracker 59 Local Temps National Temps Regional Sat/Rad Regional Temperatures School Closings Weather Watches & Warnings Sports NFL owners approve Raiders' move from Oakland to Las Vegas Basketball Madness Bracket Challenge 2017 Martinsville NASCAR STP500 Ticket Giveaway 2017 High School Basketball Scores Inside Track WV Illustrated Video Community Community Calendar Fill Your Plate in the Mountain State Hooked on Science What's On WVNS CBS/FOX TV Schedule Contests WVNS-TV and Dunkin' Donuts Breakfast Club Give-away Track our StormTracker Contest 2017 About Us Contact Us Meet the Team EEO Files FCC Public Inspection File Tactive Digital Work With Us FOX59 Accident in MacArthur sends 1 person to hospital Posted: Wednesday, March 29, 2017 3:40 PM EDT Updated: Wednesday, March 29, 2017 3:40 PM EDT By Douglas Fritz Email Connect dfritz@wvnstv.com An accident happened on Robert C. Byrd Drive on Wednesday, March 29, 2017.  According to officials there were two vehicles that collided at around 11 a.m.  It happened near the Walmart in MacArthur.  At least one person was taken to the hospital as a result of the crash.  There is no word on that persons name or condition. The cause of the accident has not been released.  Sophia City Fire Department and Deputies from the Raleigh County Sheriff's Office responded to the scene. WeatherMore>> GO / View Larger >> 7 Day Forecast School Closings Predictor WVNS-TV P.O. Box 509 Ghent, WV 25843 Main (304) 787-5959 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 WorldNow and WVNS Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Latest News Dow 20,659 -42.18 -0.20% Nasdaq 5,898 +22.41 +0.38% S&P 500 2,361 +2.56 +0.11% 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens flat at 378.62 2:57 A.M. ET SSE: Lower networks profit to weigh on dividend 2:53 A.M. ET DFS declares special dividend as profit edges up 2:53 A.M. ET William Hill appoints Ruth Prior as finance chief 2:52 A.M. ET Imperial keeps earnings target; to invest £300 mln 2:51 A.M. ET H&M profit drops as sales slow in tough market 2:19 A.M. ET Booker sees 7% rise for full-year same-store sales 2:11 A.M. ET LSE to buy back £200 million of shares 2:10 A.M. ET U.K. airlines face turbulence after Brexit 2:08 A.M. ET Trump administration mulls tariffs on Perrier, Vespas over EU-beef dispute 1:16 A.M. ET Mahindra plans electric cars for U.S., China 1:12 A.M. ET Oil prices make steady gains after rallying to a three-week high 1:11 A.M. ET Updated The country with the most U.S. visa refusals is not named in Trump’s travel ban 12:55 A.M. ET Updated Millennials say Instagram is the most narcissistic social network on the planet 3/29 North Carolina lawmakers agree to repeal 'bathroom law' 3/29 Hawaii court extends ruling against Trump's travel ban 3/29 ‘Confused’ Asian markets sag, though energy stocks post gains 3/29 Trump administration may seek only minor adjustments to Nafta 3/29 Westinghouse says bankruptcy won’t affect Chinese nuclear projects 3/29 Updated Latest Trump tweets are more flammable than inflammatory Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Retail Market in China 2017-2021 By Published: Mar 29, 2017 3:16 p.m. ET Share NEW YORK, March 29, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- About Retail Market in China Retail refers to the business process where a business entity sells its products or offers services to an individual. The transaction can occur through different sales channels such as online or brick-and-mortar storefronts. The key characteristic of a sale that qualifies it as a retail transaction is that the end-user is a buyer. Technavio's analysts forecast the retail market in China to grow at a CAGR of 9.64% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the retail market in China for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report presents a detailed picture of the market by way of study, synthesis, and summation of data from multiple sources. Technavio's report, Retail Market in China 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Alibaba - GOME Electrical Appliances Holding - JD.com - Suning Yun Shang Group - Walmart Other prominent vendors - A.S. Watson Group - Bailian Group - Carrefour - Costco Wholesale - CR Vanguard - Dashang Group - Rainbow Shops - Sun Art Retail - Wumart Group - Yonghui Superstores Market driver - Growth of organized retail format. - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Rampant counterfeiting in premium segment. - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Expansion of fast fashion firms. - For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report - What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? - What are the key market trends? - What is driving this market? - What are the challenges to market growth? - Who are the key vendors in this market space? - What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? - What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst's time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Methodology Research methodology is based on extensive primary and secondary research. Primary research includes in-depth interviews with industry experts, vendors, resellers and customers. Secondary research includes Technavio Platform, industry publications, company reports, news articles, analyst reports, trade associations and the data published by Government agencies. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04796742-summary/view-report.htmlAbout Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place.http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.comUS: (339)-368-6001Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/retail-market-in-china-2017-2021-300431344.html SOURCE Reportlinker Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Why this financial adviser thinks you should keep piles of cash handy Americans are now utterly intolerant of ever being told they’re wrong about almost anything Trump’s intriguing idea: Cut debt by selling off federal assets The country with the most U.S. visa refusals is not named in Trump’s travel ban People spend small fortunes to bury pets at this cemetery MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate Taylor Swift’s Beverly Hills home goes for landmark vote next month View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry View More Regulation How languages are confusing banks' compliance teams View More Moneyish This brand-new celebrity couple is worth $640 million View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments Grieving mom still hears gunfire, daughter's cries 15 months after unsolved killing of pregnant teen Print Email Carol Robinson | crobinson@al.com By Carol Robinson | crobinson@al.com The Birmingham News Email the author | Follow on Twitter on March 29, 2017 at 2:21 PM, updated March 29, 2017 at 6:34 PM comments Tangee White stills hears the gunfire and her daughter's cries, and it keeps her up at night. It's been nearly 15 months since 16-year-old Raven White- a beloved Clay Chalkville High junior and expectant mother - was shot to death outside her Panorama East apartment in Apple Valley. The slaying haunts her grieving mother, as does the fact that no one has been held responsible yet. "That night I play over and over in my head. It's just stuck there,'' White said Wednesday. "It's been a year and a half and I still can't sleep. I still dream about that night. That's what keeps me up." The shooting happened about 12:30 a.m. on Friday, Jan. 8, 2016. Raven and the 18-year-old father of her baby were sitting in the car outside of her apartment eating pizza. Police say an unknown black male approached them and demanded money. Gunfire erupted when Raven screamed, they said, money was taken from her boyfriend's pocket. White said Raven had called her that night when she got off of work at Walmart, and they talked the entire way home, as they usually did. She told her then-14-year old sister, Alexis, to grab her wallet and they would go to McDonald's to grab a bite to eat. Justice for Raven White After they returned, Raven was on the phone with a family friend planning the menu for her upcoming baby shower. "She wanted chicken, that was her favorite,'' White said. "And she wanted a separate table for dessert. I was like, really? She was a character." Raven told her mom that the baby's father was on his way over to eat pizza, so she placed an order with Pizza Hut and went to bed. Later, White was jolted awake by a loud noise. "It sounded like a firecracker went off and I jumped,'' she recalled. Her younger daughter told her it was gunfire, and White immediately asked about Raven. "Where's your sister?,'' she said, and then there was more gunfire. "We heard pow, pow, pow again.'' They slammed the door, and that's when Raven's boyfriend called White. "He was like, 'Mama T, Raven just got shot,''' she said. White ran out into the cold. "I could see my child. You could see blood coming out of her mouth and she was crying,'' she said. "I froze. I couldn't move." The assailant - wearing a blue bandanna- got into a dark-colored vehicle and fled the scene. Police at the time described Raven's boyfriend as "extremely upset" and said he as well as witnesses from the apartment complex were cooperating with investigators. Raven's boyfriend rushed her to St. Vincent's Hospital East where she was pronounced dead about an hour later. News of the death of Raven - and her unborn daughter Aaliyah - made headlines, yet police have received few clues in the slaying. White has her theories, but will say only this: "Pretty much yeah. I think everybody knows that story." What police, and Raven's family need, is for those who know what happened to come forward. "Somebody knows. There ain't no doubt in my mind,'' White said. "I think a lot of people know and they're scared. What if it was your child? You'd been hurt the same way I am. It's somebody's life gone over something so senseless. This has been going on too long. We need to know what happened." Healing has been a struggle for Raven's family and friends. "It's hard. I think the hardest thing was forgiveness,'' White said. "I had a couple of friends minister over me and they let me know, 'You're going to have to forgive for God to move on this,''' she said. "I do forgive him. It's not me that's going to have to deal with him. It's God." White says she still asks, "Why?" but said she truly has forgiven the killer. "If he were to walk in front of my face right now, I would shake his hand and hug him and let him know, 'I still love you...aint nothing going to get better in your life until you turn yourself in." Raven would have turned 18 on this Friday. She would have attended her senior prom next week. She would have a toddler, and White would have a granddaughter. "I was looking forward to be a grandma,'' she said. Raven and her mom had already arranged for child care so that she could finish high school and attend college to become a nurse. "She wasn't going to let the baby stop her,'' she said. "I was a single mother and she knew it was hard but she was looking forward to making something of herself." She said she is pleading with someone to bring answers to police and the family. Asked why, White said, "To know that justice had been served, my baby could rest easy, maybe I could rest easy." Anyone with information on Raven's death is asked to call Birmingham homicide investigators at 205-254-1764 or Crime Stoppers at 205-254-7777. Must-see concerts in Alabama this year ... See the list» Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Thanks for checking out our new design, please let us know if you have feedback DCist is a website about Washington, DC View Pretty | Blog Arts & Entertainment Food News Popular Advertising Contact Newsletter RSS Feed Staff Our Cities Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC 'For Here or To Go?' Tells Another Side Of U.S. Immigration Obstacles by Mark Lieberman in Arts & Entertainment on Mar 29, 2017 3:22 pm Vivek (Ali Faizal) and Schveta (Melanie Chandra) prepare for an impromptu Bollywood dance number in For Here or To Go?. (Photo courtesy of Many Cups of Chai Films) The plight of undocumented immigrants hangs over the national consciousness. Which ones can come to the United States? How long they can stay? What should they do once they arrive? Rishi Bhilawadikar, here from India on a work visa since 2005, wants people to know that legal immigrants face difficult answers to some of those same questions, whether it is being covered or not. Bhilawadikar, who specializes in design and technology development, feels so passionately that other people need to know about this topic that he stepped as far out of his comfort zone as he could to address it: With no storytelling experience or formal training, he wrote a screenplay from scratch. That screenplay, conceived in 2010, became “For Here or To Go?” a new film from first-time feature director Rucha Humnabadkar that draws on Bhilawadikar’s experience in America. The film tells the story of Vivek Pandit (Ali Fazal), an aspiring tech entrepreneur in Silicon Valley whose tenure in the U.S. is threatened by the impending expiration of his work visa. The film, out in 25 cities including D.C. this Friday, screened on Monday in the office of U.S. Representative Jason Chaffetz, who’s currently pushing a bill through Congress that would remove limits on the volume of “high-skilled” immigrants who can obtain employment-based green cards. Vivek has ambitions to start his own company, but he’s held back at times by a complex system of immigration laws that employers prefer to avoid when hiring new staffers. Bhilawadikar didn’t have to go far to create this character; he’s encountered much of the same resistance. Even while developing the film, he had to maintain a day job or risk losing his visa. Meanwhile, the debate over whether Indian immigrants could be more productive in their homeland echoed in his ears, and makes its way into the film as well. “It’s more of an American hustle than an American dream,” Vivek says in voiceover. Before “For Here or To Go?” Bhilawadikar’s only comparable creative project was the comedic blog Stuff Desis Like, inspired by Stuff White People Like. But after a few years bouncing from companies like Gap and Wal-Mart, Bhilawadikar says he grew increasingly frustrated at the lack of media representation around the issues he and his friends were facing. “Hopefully this puts a human face on these people,” he said at Monday’s screening. The filmmaker could have made a documentary, drawing on a wealth of existing data and research. But he didn’t want viewers to associate his plight with homework. “I wanted to make something that is accessible and entertaining, not super data-heavy,” Bhilawadikar told DCist after the screening. “I really wanted to bring to life the real characters and real lives, and make it something entertaining that people can share and they’re not bored to watch it.” Even amid serious themes, the film doesn’t lack entertainment value. Characters at one point break into a surreal Bollywood dance number mid-scene. In a distraction from his problems, Vivek flirts and banters with the photographer Schweta (Melanie Chandra), who sees his issues through a different lens. Vivek’s quippy roommates provide comic relief. Yet even the laugh lines are laced with melancholy and frustration. The movie’s title comes from a scene in which one character doesn’t understand what a restaurant cashier means by “For here or to go?” But underlying that confusion is a more existential dilemma: Do I belong in this country or not? Bhilawadikar, who grew up speaking Hindi in Mumbai, himself found the fast food question puzzling the first time someone asked. “I didn’t know exactly what was being asked. It was so out of context,” he says. “It plays well with the theme of the challenges of assimilation and uncertainty.” That uncertainty could diminish in the coming years, if Chaffetz (who has made quite a few local headlines of late) successfully gets his bill passed. He has bipartisan support from more than 150 of his colleagues for the measure, which would eliminate existing per-country limits on employer-based green cards, allowing a backlog of Indian immigrants to get a long-overdue assurance of their right to remain in the U.S. An identical bill passed the House in 2015, only to fail in the Senate. Chaffetz was scheduled to appear at Monday’s event but did not attend. Still, Bhilawadikar and members of the Hindu American Foundation, which has been promoting the film in tandem with its political activism, are confident in the congressman’s support. In the meantime, Bhilawadikar tells DCist he already has another movie idea in the works, touching on another hot-button question: “What does it mean to be a patriot in today’s world?” He also wants other filmmakers to learn about and benefit from his lengthy but fruitful experience shepherding and promoting the film. “Making it is one thing,” Bhilawadikar says. “Getting it heard is a completely other thing I was hoping would be easier. Obviously not.” For Here or To Go? opens Friday at DC Cinemas in Falls Church, AMC Loews Rio in Gaithersburg and Regal Germantown. Contact the author of this article or email tips@dcist.com with further questions, comments or tips. twitter facebook reddit print chaffetz for here or to go h-1 b immigration movies review Other Interesting Stories Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. best of dcist 10 Ways To Get Your Kusama Fix If You Haven't Scored Tickets Ten D.C.-Based Web Series You Should Watch The 15 Local Instagram Accounts You Should Be Following Where to Find D.C.'s Best Gooey, Indulgent Mac and Cheese 10 Of The Best Places To Catch Live Comedy In The D.C. Area   © 2003-2017 Gothamist LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices What the stock market was worth the year you were born 24/7 Wall St. Steven Peters 3/22/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL The market's big money is eyeing the exit How to Brace for a Market Pullback Full screen 1/90 SLIDES © Mike Segar/Reuters 2/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1929 > Start: 4,274.94 > End: 3,459.94 > High: 5,307.57 > Change: -19.1% 3/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1930 > Start: 3,502.15 > End: 2,360.29 > High: 4,217.35 > Change: -32.6% ALSO READ: 10 Disappearing Car Brands 4/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1931 > Start: 2,676.10 > End: 1,227.44 > High: 3,062.45 > Change: -54.1% 5/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1932 > Start: 1,314.08 > End: 1,055.38 > High: 1,563.44 > Change: -19.7% ALSO READ: The Best and Worst States for Women: Ranking Gender Inequality in America 6/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1933 > Start: 1,100.77 > End: 1,854.73 > High: 2,017.56 > Change: 68.5% 7/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1934 > Start: 1,793.75 > End: 1,859.52 > High: 1,979.27 > Change: 3.7% ALSO READ: States With the Highest (and Lowest) Paid Doctors 8/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1935 > Start: 1,827.02 > End: 2,519.64 > High: 2,594.99 > Change: 37.9% 9/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1936 > Start: 2,483.39 > End: 3,099.72 > High: 3,185.87 > Change: 24.8% ALSO READ: The Happiest (and Most Miserable) Cities in America 10/90 SLIDES © https://www.flickr.com/photos/statelibraryofnsw 1937 > Start: 2,969.13 > End: 2,009.97 > High: 3,233.25 > Change: -32.3% 11/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1938 > Start: 2,047.98 > End: 2,628.72 > High: 2,690.72 > Change: 28.4% ALSO READ: States With the Most Past-Due Medical Debt 12/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1939 > Start: 2,647.25 > End: 2,588.67 > High: 2,686.54 > Change: -2.2% 13/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1940 > Start: 2,590.53 > End: 2,243.26 > High: 2,613.97 > Change: -13.4% ALSO READ: Companies With the Worst Reputations 14/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1941 > Start: 2,127.31 > End: 1,807.82 > High: 2,176.52 > Change: -15.0% 15/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1942 > Start: 1,656.96 > End: 1,754.37 > High: 1,758.93 > Change: 5.9% ALSO READ: The Most Iconic Job in Every State 16/90 SLIDES © https://www.flickr.com/photos/pingnews 1943 > Start: 1,660.30 > End: 1,881.25 > High: 2,018.72 > Change: 13.3% 17/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1944 > Start: 1,849.59 > End: 2,072.76 > High: 2,075.62 > Change: 12.1% ALSO READ: States With the Most Unsheltered Homeless People 18/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1945 > Start: 2,030.16 > End: 2,566.77 > High: 2,605.49 > Change: 26.4% 19/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1946 > Start: 2,353.98 > End: 2,176.38 > High: 2,609.94 > Change: -7.5% ALSO READ: States Using the Most Mind-Altering Drugs 20/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1947 > Start: 1,894.41 > End: 1,945.64 > High: 2,006.75 > Change: 2.7% 21/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1948 > Start: 1,806.63 > End: 1,769.31 > High: 1,927.58 > Change: -2.1% ALSO READ: Unemployment Improves Across Country, 12 States Didn’t Improve 22/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1949 > Start: 1,761.33 > End: 2,013.91 > High: 2,017.84 > Change: 14.3% 23/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1950 > Start: 1,976.52 > End: 2,339.45 > High: 2,340.04 > Change: 18.4% ALSO READ: States Volunteering the Most 24/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1951 > Start: 2,210.03 > End: 2,480.02 > High: 2,545.79 > Change: 12.2% 25/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1952 > Start: 2,429.75 > End: 2,628.20 > High: 2,629.10 > Change: 8.2% ALSO READ: States With the Longest (and Shortest) Life Expectancy 26/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1953 > Start: 2,610.73 > End: 2,510.28 > High: 2,625.47 > Change: -3.8% 27/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1954 > Start: 2,518.67 > End: 3,600.42 > High: 3,600.42 > Change: 42.9% ALSO READ: Countries Buying the Most Weapons From the US Government 28/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1955 > Start: 3,654.07 > End: 4,364.62 > High: 4,364.62 > Change: 19.4% 29/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1956 > Start: 4,277.36 > End: 4,397.91 > High: 4,587.92 > Change: 2.8% ALSO READ: 15 Cities With the Most High-Tech Jobs 30/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1957 > Start: 4,227.73 > End: 3,713.44 > High: 4,438.59 > Change: -12.2% 31/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1958 > Start: 3,640.32 > End: 4,836.82 > High: 4,836.82 > Change: 32.9% ALSO READ: States With the Highest (and Lowest) Sales Tax 32/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1959 > Start: 4,819.45 > End: 5,572.15 > High: 5,572.15 > Change: 15.6% 33/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1960 > Start: 5,494.42 > End: 4,983.30 > High: 5,546.29 > Change: -9.3% ALSO READ: 25 Highest Grossing Films of All Time 34/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1961 > Start: 4,888.12 > End: 5,856.46 > High: 5,886.65 > Change: 19.8% ALSO READ: Cities With the Highest (and Lowest) Unemployment Rates 35/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1962 > Start: 5,728.32 > End: 5,154.39 > High: 5,738.59 > Change: -10.0% ALSO READ: Cities With the Highest (and Lowest) Unemployment Rates 36/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1963 > Start: 5,062.29 > End: 5,971.46 > High: 6,004.80 > Change: 18.0% 37/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1964 > Start: 5,918.59 > End: 6,753.36 > High: 6,889.18 > Change: 14.1% ALSO READ: States Getting the Most (and Least) Sleep 38/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1965 > Start: 6,613.09 > End: 7,369.45 > High: 7,369.45 > Change: 11.4% 39/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1966 > Start: 7,137.39 > End: 5,789.93 > High: 7,333.49 > Change: -18.9% ALSO READ: The Net Worth of American Presidents: Washington to Trump 40/90 SLIDES © https://www.flickr.com/photos/hugo90/ 1967 > Start: 5,639.08 > End: 6,490.23 > High: 6,762.50 > Change: 15.1% 41/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1968 > Start: 6,241.04 > End: 6,495.06 > High: 6,780.40 > Change: 4.1% ALSO READ: 10 States With the Most Hate Groups 42/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1969 > Start: 6,184.78 > End: 5,223.06 > High: 6,322.60 > Change: -15.5% 43/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1970 > Start: 4,994.93 > End: 5,178.39 > High: 5,197.40 > Change: 3.7% ALSO READ: Cities Where No One Wants to Drive 44/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1971 > Start: 4,911.64 > End: 5,264.27 > High: 5,622.75 > Change: 7.2% 45/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1972 > Start: 5,095.39 > End: 5,844.37 > High: 5,937.48 > Change: 14.7% ALSO READ: The Best (and Worst) States for Business 46/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1973 > Start: 5,565.03 > End: 4,589.66 > High: 5,673.02 > Change: -17.5% 47/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1974 > Start: 4,155.15 > End: 2,993.70 > High: 4,331.70 > Change: -28.0% ALSO READ: 20 Companies Profiting the Most From War 48/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1975 > Start: 2,813.64 > End: 3,794.65 > High: 3,925.53 > Change: 34.9% 49/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1976 > Start: 3,614.43 > End: 4,228.71 > High: 4,271.39 > Change: 17.0% ALSO READ: The 10 Richest US Presidents 50/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1977 > Start: 3,951.16 > End: 3,284.90 > High: 3,951.16 > Change: -16.9% 51/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1978 > Start: 3,003.81 > End: 2,957.05 > High: 3,334.41 > Change: -1.6% ALSO READ: 20 Groceries Driving Up Your Bill the Most 52/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1979 > Start: 2,676.79 > End: 2,766.82 > High: 2,961.12 > Change: 3.4% 53/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1980 > Start: 2,396.66 > End: 2,801.89 > High: 2,907.05 > Change: 16.9% ALSO READ: Cities Where Crime Is Plummeting 54/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1981 > Start: 2,563.05 > End: 2,305.42 > High: 2,698.13 > Change: -10.1% 55/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1982 > Start: 2,190.30 > End: 2,597.37 > High: 2,656.96 > Change: 18.6% ALSO READ: Cities Where Crime Is Soaring 56/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1983 > Start: 2,469.64 > End: 3,026.55 > High: 3,095.22 > Change: 22.6% 57/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1984 > Start: 2,887.69 > End: 2,792.79 > High: 2,965.84 > Change: -3.3% ALSO READ: America's 50 Coldest Cities 58/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1985 > Start: 2,668.49 > End: 3,442.63 > High: 3,456.95 > Change: 29.0% 59/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1986 > Start: 3,360.28 > End: 4,143.07 > High: 4,273.35 > Change: 23.3% ALSO READ: American Cities Getting the Most Exercise 60/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1987 > Start: 4,063.30 > End: 4,087.59 > High: 5,739.61 > Change: 0.6% 61/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1988 > Start: 4,079.90 > End: 4,390.30 > High: 4,420.53 > Change: 7.6% ALSO READ: States Where the Middle Class Is Being Left Behind 62/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1989 > Start: 4,142.27 > End: 5,317.67 > High: 5,391.47 > Change: 28.4% 63/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1990 > Start: 5,149.43 > End: 4,826.03 > High: 5,496.86 > Change: -6.3% ALSO READ: The Tallest Building in Every State 64/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1991 > Start: 4,590.66 > End: 5,572.21 > High: 5,572.21 > Change: 21.4% 65/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1992 > Start: 5,415.48 > End: 5,635.18 > High: 5,826.54 > Change: 4.1% ALSO READ: States With the Highest (and Lowest) Gas Taxes 66/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1993 > Start: 5,484.83 > End: 6,222.18 > High: 6,288.87 > Change: 13.4% 67/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1994 > Start: 6,070.89 > End: 6,196.68 > High: 6,429.27 > Change: 2.1% ALSO READ: The Most Corrupt Countries in the World 68/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1995 > Start: 6,032.26 > End: 8,041.67 > High: 8,197.80 > Change: 33.3% 69/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1996 > Start: 7,903.12 > End: 9,842.96 > High: 10,014.90 > Change: 24.5% ALSO READ: The Most Expensive Super Bowl Tickets 70/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1997 > Start: 9,613.56 > End: 11,800.78 > High: 12,324.64 > Change: 22.8% 71/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1998 > Start: 11,703.23 > End: 13,490.51 > High: 13,773.85 > Change: 15.3% ALSO READ: America's Happiest States 72/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 1999 > Start: 13,203.08 > End: 16,527.97 > High: 16,527.97 > Change: 25.2% 73/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 2000 > Start: 15,796.30 > End: 15,002.62 > High: 16,304.61 > Change: -5.0% ALSO READ: Youngest County in EveryState 74/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 2001 > Start: 14,397.25 > End: 13,552.51 > High: 15,332.76 > Change: -5.9% 75/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 2002 > Start: 13,410.67 > End: 11,105.17 > High: 14,158.66 > Change: -17.2% ALSO READ: States Where the Most People Have Green Cards 76/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 2003 > Start: 11,203.81 > End: 13,607.14 > High: 13,607.14 > Change: 21.5% 77/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 2004 > Start: 13,198.30 > End: 13,671.42 > High: 13,762.11 > Change: 3.6% ALSO READ: States Adding the Most Jobs Since the Great Recession 78/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 2005 > Start: 13,157.70 > End: 13,143.07 > High: 13,416.60 > Change: -0.1% 79/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 2006 > Start: 12,886.68 > End: 14,806.17 > High: 14,862.51 > Change: 14.9% ALSO READ: States With the Highest (and Lowest) Property Taxes 80/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 2007 > Start: 14,412.19 > End: 15,325.25 > High: 16,364.71 > Change: 6.3% 81/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 2008 > Start: 14,510.12 > End: 9,762.87 > High: 14,525.96 > Change: -32.7% ALSO READ: Oldest County in Every State 82/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 2009 > Start: 10,087.68 > End: 11,643.44 > High: 11,777.94 > Change: 15.4% 83/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 2010 > Start: 11,622.46 > End: 12,713.50 > High: 12,722.14 > Change: 9.4% ALSO READ: 13 Professions With the Highest Job Security 84/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 2011 > Start: 12,428.39 > End: 13,010.70 > High: 13,642.17 > Change: 4.7% 85/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 2012 > Start: 12,931.94 > End: 13,669.17 > High: 14,197.00 > Change: 5.7% ALSO READ: The Best Counties to Live In 86/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 2013 > Start: 13,786.72 > End: 17,039.10 > High: 17,039.10 > Change: 23.6% 87/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 2014 > Start: 16,635.84 > End: 18,033.90 > High: 18,267.27 > Change: 8.4% ALSO READ: 15 Companies Making the Most From the Government 88/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 2015 > Start: 18,021.10 > End: 17,608.84 > High: 18,505.56 > Change: -2.3% 89/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 2016 > Start: 17,148.94 > End: 19,762.60 > High: 19,974.62 > Change: 15.2% ALSO READ: States Where Older Americans Are Most Likely to Die From a Fall 90/90 SLIDES © Wikimedia Commons 2017 > Start: 19,881.76 > End: N/A > High: 21,115.55 > Change: N/A 90/90 SLIDES Click through the gallery above to see what the Dow was worth the year you were born. The Dow Jones Industrial Average surpassed 21,000 points for the first time ever on March 1. The milestone was achieved only 24 trading days after the Dow first reached 20,000. The only time in history the Dow passed a 1,000 point milestone in as few days was during the dot-com boom. The DJIA is a price-weighted average of 30 large American companies. Fluctuations in the Dow often reflect overall market conditions. In addition, because it is one of the oldest market indices, it is regularly used to compare markets over time. 24/7 Wall St. determined the value of the Dow Jones Industrial Average each year since 1929, the first full year the index contained 30 companies. The companies comprising the Dow are picked by the editors of The Wall Street Journal as Charles Dow, the creator of the index, was also the founding editor of the publication. Since its inception in 1896, when only 12 companies comprised the average, the Dow has changed 51 times. The index currently contains companies such as Walmart, Disney, J.P. Morgan, Boeing, and the newest member as of 2015, Apple. The only company remaining from the original list of 12 is General Electric. Like the economy as a whole, the stock market is much larger today than it was in 1917. However, the Dow has experienced extreme swings over the course of its history. One of the most notable events in the history of the often-referenced index is the lows during the Great Depression. The Dow started 1929 at an inflation-adjusted level of 4,274.94 points. In October of that year, the Dow lost nearly one-quarter of its value in just two days. The Dow reached its lowest point on July 8, 1932, with an adjusted value of 725.90 points -- only 17% of its value at the start of 1929. After the historic low, the Dow soared by close to 70% in 1933, the largest single year growth in the history of the Dow 30. Still, the Dow did not return to its pre-Great Depression level until the mid 1950s. There have been several more dramatic stock market swings since the Great Depression. The largest single day drop in the index's history occurred during a stock market crash on October 19, 1987, when the Dow plunged 22.6%. The Dow's value doubled between 1995 and 1999 during the dot-com boom, only to collapse between 2000 and 2002. Relatively soon after, the Dow lost nearly a third of its value in 2008, after the financial crisis emerged in the summer of 2007. To determine the value of the Dow Jones Industrial Average the year you were born, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed the daily Dow figures aggregated by economic research website MeasuringWorth.com. Historical Dow data are inflation-adjusted using annual headline CPI. Click through the gallery above to see the value of the stock market the year you were born. Related video: The tale of the world's worst market timer Click to expand Replay Video Senator is going after Big Pharma over the opioid epidemic The Democratic senator from Missouri wants documents from the top five opioid manufacturers. Newsy What to know about internet privacy changes The House of Representatives voted to repeal internet privacy protections. CNN's Samuel Burke explains what it means. CNN Mike Rowe on how millennials can be successful without college Mike Rowe, former host of ‘Dirty Jobs’, on why millennials don’t have to go to college to be successful. Fox Business SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Tales of the world's worst market timer CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Senator is going after Big Pharma over the opioid epidemic Newsy 0:43 What to know about internet privacy changes CNN 1:20 Mike Rowe on how millennials can be successful without college Fox Business 5:59 Here's a first look at the Samsung Galaxy S8 CNBC 1:25 Toshiba's Westinghouse files for bankruptcy Reuters 1:41 Amazon now delivers groceries straight to your trunk Veuer 0:46 Tinder makes its international move The Wall Street Journal. 0:39 Brexit Britain: Buy or sell? Reuters 1:49 An heir to the Red Bull fortune is enjoying the high life years after a fatal hit-and-run CNBC 0:56 Can Trump save coal? Wochit Business 0:42 How to talk your way out of a speeding ticket The Wall Street Journal. 1:41 Crayola retiring one crayon Veuer 0:29 Trump's evolving relationship with Ford CNN Money 1:28 100 percent of Ballou HS seniors apply to college The Washington Post 1:51 Forbes Media is reportedly in talks to be sold to a noteworthy Chinese firm The Street 1:03 1 million pounds of chicken nuggets recalled over metal contamination Veuer 0:45 UP NEXT Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from 247wallst ConocoPhillips Delivers Huge Win For Shareholders 24/7 Wall St. Missiles Deliver Big Dividend Hike for Raytheon Shareholders 24/7 Wall St. Lululemon Gets Downward Dog on Guidance 24/7 Wall St. 24/7 Wall St. View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Wednesday, March 29, 2017 Login | Register   Menu NEWS AP News International National Columns Court News Features Friday Feature Spotlight Local News News Tip Line Newsmakers Opinion Editorials Letters To The Editors Submit A Letter Police Logs Community Columns Panther Valley Jim Thorpe Northern Lehigh Palmerton-Lehighton Tamaqua Poconos CLASSIFIEDS ENTERTAINMENT Event Calendar Local Entertainment Movie Review Penn's Peak TV Listings TV News n' Views LIFESTYLE Announcements Forms Engagement Announcement Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Wedding Announcement Features Food Seniors Healthy Geezer Comfort and Joy Down Syndrome Draw Your Dad Draw Your Mom OBITUARIES Submit Obituary SPORTS AP Sports Blog Local Sports Columns Features Football Outdoors Racing Youth/Recreation CUSTOMER SERVICE About Us Sister Companies Advertising Advertise With Us Things to Do Around Town eProofs Advertising Rate Cards MANSImedia.com Contact Us Feedback & Suggestions Job Opportunities Privacy/User Agreement Subscribe Manage Subscription CONTESTS SPORTS PHOTOS Man gets time-served on drug charge Wednesday, March 29, 2017 By Den McLaughlin dmclaughlin@tnonline.com A Carbon County man was given a time-served sentence on Monday in the county court on a drug-dealing charge and told it was his last chance to straightened out his life. Judge Joseph J. Matkika sentenced Joshua Romanishan, 38, of Mahoning Township, to time-served (231 days) to one day less 24 months in prison on a charge of criminal use of a communication facility. Romanishan and Erik Boehm, 37, of Palmerton, were both charged with felony counts of delivery of a controlled substance, conspiracy - delivery of a controlled substance, possession with intent to manufacture or deliver, criminal use of a communication facility, unlawful possession of a controlled substance, and misdemeanor counts of possession of drug paraphernalia as the result of an arrest in Mahoning Township. Township police conducted a Carbon County Drug Task Force investigation in the parking lot of Walmart on Aug. 9, 2016, where they seized four grams of methamphetamine, hypodermic syringes and a digital scale from Romanishan and Boehm. All the other counts against Romanishan were dropped in a plea bargain with the district attorney’s office. Romanishan told Matika, “I’ve made a lot of mistakes in the past. This is really the hardest it has been in my life.” Romanishan said he determined to turn his life around because he now has a wife and family. Matika told him, “This may be your last chance to be a productive citizen.” Matika told the defendant with his prior record, any type of criminal conviction in the future will mean a prison term, and probably in the state system. Matika said his sentence was Romanishan’s last chance to stay out of the state system. In addition to the prison term Matika ordered Romanishan to get a drug and alcohol evaluation and follow all recommendations for treatment, zero tolerance for drug and alcohol use, supply a DNA sample, render 75 hours of community service when released, pay court costs of about $1,000, pay a $50 per month supervision fee while on parole and must cooperated with the prosecution of his co-defendant, Boehm. Romanishan will not be released from custody despite the time-served sentence. It was noted Montgomery County has a detainer on him for a parole violation. Boehm is scheduled to go on trial on the charges in June. Boehm also has a driving under the influence case pending filed by Franklin Township police. Login or register to post comments PrintThis ShareThis American Flags Home News Classifieds Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Sports Customer Service About Us Advertise Digital Guidelines Privacy Policy Photos Reproduction is prohibited without the express written consent of the Times News, LLC. © 2017
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? Technology Amazon Hits High As Grocery Plan, Middle East Push Pump Growth Amazon shares hit a new high Wednesday, as the e-commerce giant finds new ways to expand its business. (dennizn/Shutterstock) BRIAN DEAGON 3/29/2017 Reprints E-commerce giant Amazon (AMZN) broke out to a record high Wednesday, a day after the company unveiled a new grocery service and also announced an acquisition that gives it a big foothold in the Middle East. Amazon stock jumped 2% to end regular trading at 874.32 on the stock market today. On Tuesday, Amazon fired another salvo at Wal-Mart (WMT) and other brick-and-mortar retailers with a new service designed for time-sensitive shoppers who buy groceries on the internet. Called AmazonFresh Pickup, the service allows consumers to order groceries online and then collect their purchases from a physical location at a convenient time. The AmazonFresh Pickup locations are in test mode and available to current employees only but will ultimately be available for Amazon Prime members. Cowen analyst John Blackledge in a research note late Tuesday applauded the grocery move, saying it was "the biggest potential source of revenue upside." Blackledge maintained an outperform rating on Amazon and price target of 1050. In addition to the grocery pickup venture, Amazon on Tuesday also announced that it reached a deal to acquire Dubai-based Souq.com, one of the largest e-commerce companies in the Middle East. IBD'S TAKE: Amazon is one of the closely watched FANG stocks, the others being Facebook, Netflix and Google parent Alphabet. You can get the latest news and stock quotes at IBD's FANG page. The acquisition price was not disclosed, though media reports say Amazon's offer was below a competing bid of $800 million by Dubai billionaire Mohamed Alabbar, owner of Emaar Malls. Souq.com is an English and Arabic language e-commerce platform often called the Amazon of the Middle East. Amazon's main international markets currently are Germany, Japan and the U.K. "We do note that using an acquisition to enter a geographic region is a new strategy," wrote Pacific Crest Securities analyst Edward Yruma in a research note. "Amazon has built its business in India from the ground up over years and just launched Amazon Prime in India last summer." Yruma said both Amazon and Wal-Mart are enhancing product and geographic offering though acquisitions. Amazon on Wednesday also said it will shut down the diaper and soap-selling websites it acquired for $545 million in 2010. The division it's shutting down is Quidsi, which includes Diapers.com and Soap.com. "We have worked extremely hard for the past seven years to get Quidsi to be profitable, and unfortunately we have not been able to do so," Amazon said in a statement. "Quidsi has great brand expertise and they will continue to offer selection on Amazon.com; the software development team will focus on building technology for AmazonFresh." Amazon acquired Quidsi from co-founders Marc Lore and Vinit Bharara in September. Lore went on to create e-commerce site and Amazon competitor Jet.com, which Wal-Mart acquired for $3.3 billion in September. Lore is now CEO of Wal-Mart's e-commerce operation. Wal-Mart stock was up o.6%, to 70.74. RELATED: Macy's Breaks Support As Amazon, Wal-Mart Squeeze Retailers Samsung Joins Digital Assistant Fray To Take On Amazon, Alphabet BRIAN DEAGON | Facebook | @IBD_BDeagon Share this: Related news Nasdaq 100 On Cusp Of New High: These 3 FANG+ Stocks Are In Buy Range 3/30/2017 Stock futures edged higher after beaten-down and big-cap stocks outperformed Wednesday. The Nasdaq 100 may open at a new high... 3/30/2017 Stock futures edged higher after beaten-down and big-cap stocks outperformed... No Shortage Of News As Amazon Pops To New High Lululemon Athletica Plunges Late On Earnings Miss, 'Slow Start' In 2017 Nasdaq Pops As Stocks End Mixed; RH Heads Surprise Retail Rally What F5's Downgrade Says About Amazon's Data-Center Plans Dow's Boeing, FANG's Facebook, Alphabet, Amazon Started At Buy Facebook, Google Rated Buys Despite Mobile-Ad Hurdles Stocks Move To Highs; Amazon Breaks Out On 'Buy' Rating Nasdaq Up On Amazon, Alibaba And This Biotech Today's Spotlight Get IBD Digital Get access to IBD’s premium investing content to help you make more profitable investing decisions. IBD Best Mutual Fund Awards Which mutual funds beat the S&P 500 over the last 1, 3, 5 & 10 years? Check out the awards list. IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Sacramento (4/8) or Chicago (4/22) to learn about swing trading & growth stocks! More News Facebook, Google Rated Buys Despite Mobile-Ad Hurdles BlackRock Will Let Machines, Not People, Pick Your Stocks The Direxion Leveraged ETF Online Education Center helps you understand if leveraged ETFs are suitable for you. Promoted Content By Direxion Special Report (IBD/Shutterstock photo illustration) Best Fund Awards See which mutual funds have beaten the S&P 500 and other benchmarks over the last 1, 3, 5 and 10 years. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Lowdown: Nestle Is Latest to Pause Google Spending 12 minutes ago Array 0 The Unlikely Partnership Between Samsung's Galaxy S8 and Pinterest By George Slefo - 16 minutes ago Array 0 Samsung Seeks to Lure Back Buyers With Sleek S8 Smartphone 29 minutes ago Array 0 How Can Brands Meet the Challenges of a Changing America? 1 hour ago Array 0 Patrick Dempsey Signs With Independent, Phang and Alicajic Join Committee L.A. By Alexandra Jardine - 2 hours ago Array 0 Samsung Seeks to Lure Back Buyers With Sleek S8 Smartphone 29 minutes ago 0 The Unlikely Partnership Between Samsung's Galaxy S8 and Pinterest By George Slefo - 16 minutes ago 0 It's 'Food, Not Boobs' in Carl's Jr. and Hardees' Brand Refresh By Ann-Christine Diaz - 3 hours ago 0 WeChat Made Addicted Users Go Cold Turkey For 12 Hours and Filmed Everything By Angela Doland - 3 hours ago 0 VIDEO: The Darker Side of Data By Nathan Skid - 21 hours ago 0 Meet the Man Behind YouTube's Sudden Ad Crisis. He Has a Patented Fix By Jack Neff - 2 days ago 0 Who Wins and Who Loses in YouTube's Falling Out With Brands By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 Google Ramps Up Header Bidding Alternative as Pressure Mounts From Facebook By George Slefo - 2 days ago 0 New McDonald's Campaign Tells Chicago to 'Make it a Mickey D's Morning' By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 Creativity Top 5: The Best Brand Ideas of the Past Week By Ann-Christine Diaz - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Lowdown: Nestle Is Latest to Pause Google Spending Published on March 29, 2017. The Lowdown is Ad Age's weekly look at news nuggets from across the world of marketing, including trends, campaign tidbits, executive comings and goings and more. Kit Kat maker Nestle joins the list of marketers halting Google/YouTube spending.   Credit: Nestle via KitKat via YouTube Add Nestle to the list of marketers that have stopped Google spending over the issue of ads being placed with objectionable content. "We have decided to pause our media buying with Google/YouTube and Google Display Network pending reassurances from them on actions to address the problem of brand advertising appearing on inappropriate websites," a spokeswoman said in an email statement. "Nestle uses a significant amount of online advertising for our brands, and we have taken measures to ensure that our media placements only appear on appropriate websites and other online channels." Nestle joins J&J, Walmart, General Motors, PepsiCo and others making similar moves since last week. Google declines to comment on advertising decisions by individual advertisers but said in a blog post last week that it's taking steps to give advertisers more control over where their ads appear and prevent placements on inappropriate content. Sure the Kraft Heinz takeover offer for Unilever seemed like a stretch, but how big? According to strategic consultancy Brand Finance, the value of the Unilever brand portfolio is more than double that of Kraft Heinz -- $42.9 billion vs. $20.2 billion. Then again, if the Brand Finance numbers are to be believed, maybe Kraft Heinz was onto something in terms of Unilever being undervalued. Unilever's sales are also more than twice as high as Kraft Heinz's, but the difference in sales is actually bigger than the difference in brand value, suggesting those sales aren't producing quite the value bang per buck for Unilever. At any rate, Unilever stock remains about 20% above where it stood before the offer, as its board continues to mull strategic options, so Kraft Heinz and their friends at 3G Capital seemingly did Unilever shareholders a favor. The deal fell through after Unilever rejected it and Berkshire Hathaway Chairman-CEO Warren Buffett made clear he wouldn't back a hostile bid. Unilever's Dove in recent years has celebrated curly hair without making an explicitly ethnic appeal, but now Procter & Gamble Co.'s Pantene is doing just that for an African-American market that often feels overlooked by mass brands. "There is still a level of inequality in how African-American hair is represented in popular culture and in mainstream hair-care advertising," Pantene said in a release. "Mass brands, like Pantene, have inadvertently been a part of this pervasive hair bias with a history of advertising showcasing a limited representation of African-American hairstyles." To address that, the brand launched an ad last week by Grey New York featuring brand ambassador Jillian Hervey with African-American women of all ages. The brand also has launched the Gold Series of premium products for African-American women. "Brad's wife," who as seemingly everyone knows by now was apparently let go from her 11-year job at Cracker Barrel, continues to generate buzz for the restaurant chain. Bradley Reid first posted about the issue on his personal Facebook page in late February, followed by another post in early March on his birthday, and things have escalated since then. So far, Cracker Barrel has let #JusticeforBradsWife and other comments lead the conversation. Digital content engagement around the brand has soared 304%, when comparing Feb. 27-March 28, 2017 to the month before, data from Amobee shows. Social interaction has picked up in the last few days, as people continue to pepper Cracker Barrel with comments and questions tied to Brad's wife and promote a Change.org petition seeking answers from the CEO on the dismissal of Nanette. From March 22-28, 92% of all Cracker Barrel digital engagement was related to Brad, Amobee said. Cracker Barrel, which has not responded to a request for comment, is seeing negative sentiment. From March 22 through 1 p.m. EDT March 28, the @CrackerBarrel handle was mentioned 7,400 times on Twitter. Sentiment around those tweets was 85% negative, 6% neutral and 9% positive, Amobee said. And as Cracker Barrel appears to be waiting this out, at least one other restaurant is getting into the conversation. A Chick-fil-A posted an image on Facebook with a "Now hiring Brad's wife" sign on March 23, and from then through March 28, 20% of all of Chick-fil-A's digital engagement was related to Brad. Someone let Nanette know. #justiceforbradswife #bosscow pic.twitter.com/8fEZQpW9f2 — ChickfilA GeorgiaSt (@cfageorgiast) March 24, 2017 "'Brad's Wife' didn't start as a Cracker Barrel-generated campaign but it can end as one," Jonathan Cohen, Amobee's principal brand analyst, said in a statement. "By finding a way to respond to the meme, and by amplifying that messaging across paid media, Cracker Barrel can leverage the high level of interest around the story and turn a negative into a positive." Onto some less-polarizing restaurant news … Some of Taco Bell's Live Más scholarship recipients got more than money to pursue and showcase varied passions. The scholarship was started to award students interested in a mix of topics, rather than basing funding on academics and athletics, and applicants submit videos to enter. Now, Taco Bell is promoting the effort in new ads created by and featuring recipients. The ads also feature taco packaging designed by scholarship recipients. The push coincides with the fifth anniversary of the Doritos Locos taco. Commercials that began airing Sunday remind people that for each a la carte Doritos Locos taco purchased March 23-April 8, Taco Bell will donate 10 cents (up to $500,000) to continue funding the scholarships. Taco Bell said it plans to award $1.3 million this year to 155 students, with awards ranging from $5,000 to $25,000. O'Keefe Reinhard & Paul created the commercials with content from the scholarship recipients, who were listed in the credits. "As we continue to grow the Live Más Scholarship program, our vision is that it becomes 'for the kids, by the kids,'" Chief Marketing Officer Marisa Thalberg said in a statement. Waze is taking the idea of in-app marketing and personalization one step further in a new partnership with longtime advertiser Dunkin' Donuts. Members of the Dunkin' Donuts DD Perks program who have the coffee chain's app can now order ahead within Waze. The navigation and traffic tracking app will locate the nearest Dunkin' Donuts restaurant and launch Dunkin's on-the-go ordering. Waze and Dunkin' said users can cut the line inside Dunkin' Donuts once they get there, but there's still not an option to jump to the front of the drive-thru line. Waze plans to roll out the order ahead feature "with more brand advertisers in the near future," Jordan Grossman, Waze's head of business partnerships, North America, said in a statement. One of marketing's longest-running streaks of success recently ended when Kroger Co. reported comparable-store sales fell in the fourth quarter, ending 52 quarters of growth in the measure that were fueled largely by a loyalty program run by Dunnhumby USA and later Kroger's fully owned offshoot of the agency, 84.51. CEO Rodney McMullen noted in a conference call earlier this month that he was "disappointed." Chief Financial Officer Mike Schlotman did offer some explanations, including grocery price deflation and the removal of 35 strong-performing stores from the calculation due to them being relocated or expanded. It's certainly not as exciting as Game 7 of last year's World Series, but T-Mobile is offering its users unlimited live streaming baseball for an entire year at no cost. The promotion kicks off April 4 during Major League Baseball's opening week, allowing subscribers to download both MLB.TV Premium and MLB.com At Bat Premium for free. The carrier's push is part of a weekly giveaway via the its "T-Mobile Tuesdays" app. Common freebies include free Papa John's Pizza or $15 Lyft credits. Next month's promotion, however, might be the biggest of the year, as both MLB.TV and MLB At Bat retail for about $115 combined. The promotion ends April 5. Ford Performance Credit: Ford Here's the latest example of brand-as-media provider: Ford announced today that it will be the exclusive live distribution channel this season for the FIA World Rallycross Championship Presented by Monster Energy. Twelve races will be streamed live on the Ford Performance Facebook page. "We are always looking for innovative ways to provide more value to our fans and customers in the U.S.," Henry Ford III, global marketing manager for Ford Performance, said in a statement. "Our partnership with IMG will not only make it easier for fans to watch Ken Block and Andreas Bakkerud live as they compete for the 2017 world championship, but it will also be an enhanced experience for those viewers." Finally, Lowdown has one executive move to report this week … Popeyes Chief Brand Officer Dick Lynch is leaving the chain now that it has been acquired by Restaurant Brands International Inc. Cheryl Bachelder, who just left the role of Popeyes CEO, in a statement called Mr. Lynch a "catalyst for Popeyes remarkable growth over the past nine years." Mr. Lynch led the effort of focusing on Popeyes' Louisiana roots in is food and marketing featuring spokeswoman Annie. He has been heavily involved in working on marketing succession plans, including finding a new chief marketing officer, Popeyes said. Contributing: Jack Neff, Jessica Wohl, George Slefo, E.J. Schultz In this article: Automotive Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy CPG Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
DirectoryPhotosAboutContactAdvertise Free TrialSubscribeSign In Havre Daily News - News you can use Home National Local Agendas and Notices Church Community Corrections Court Reports Hi-Line Living News Record Senior News Obituaries Sports Opinion Column Columns Letters Calendar Classifieds Obituary: Sherian Denning Horinek     Share   Tweet 0 Comments March 29, 2017 Sherian Denning Horinek of Hingham, 57, passed away March 23, 2017, after a hard-fought battle with Glioblastoma, brain cancer.   Sheri was born to Richard and Betty Denning in Swindon, England, July 27, 1959. Her father was in the Air Force and was stationed all over the United States. In her early teens, her family was stationed at Ramstein Air Base in Germany. From there, they traveled much of Europe, often visiting family in England. Finally, the family settled in Great Falls, where she graduated from C.M.R. High School in 1977.   Sheri married Dan Horinek in 1980 and had two sons Richard and Robert Horinek. Sheri was a dedicated wife, mother, hard worker, go-getter and loved spending time with family. Some of her favorite things she enjoyed were camping, traveling, reading, crafting and geocaching. Sheri also enjoyed attending her husband's RC flying events. Sheri worked the last several years at Walmart as a cashier and made many great friends there. Being involved in the community was important to her, volunteering with Vacation Bible School in Gildford and being secretary and later troop leader for the local Boy Scouts, and serving on the boards for Hingham Economic Development Association, Hingham Centennial Committee, Hingham Volunteer Fire Department and on the Hingham Town Council. Preceding Sheri in death is her father, Richard Denning, in 1991; her mother, Betty Denning, in 1995; and her father-in-law, Richard Horinek, in 1997. Sheri is survived by her husband of 36 years. Dan Horinek of Hingham; sons, Richard Horinek of Havre and Robert Horinek of Havre; two brothers, Paul (Linda) Denning of Redding, California and Garry (Ruth )Denning of Great Falls; mother-in-law, Ruth Horinek of Hingham; brothers-in-law, Larry (Alou) Horinek of Hingham, Mike (Carol) Horinek of Tucson, Arizona, and Mark (Teri) Horinek of Hingham; and many nephews and nieces. A celebration of life will be held at the Hingham Lutheran Church in Hingham, Montana, April 14, 2017, at 11 a.m. Reception will follow. Condolences can be made to Sherian's memorial page at http://www.asperfh.com. You might be interested in: Obituary: Marvin Lee Turner Obituary: Diane Donoven Obituary: Wanda Delia Storm Knudsvig Obituary: David E. Hazel Obituary: Marvin Lloyd Potter   Most Popular Hi-Line Athlete Profil...Chris Peterson Local Sports Briefs usr/bin/convert -crop 599x447+0+177 /http/users/user_havredailynews/public//home/cms_data/dfault/photos/stories/id/9/1/513191/.TEMP/s_topTEMP67x50 MIFF:/http/users/user_havredailynews/public//home/cms_data/dfault/photos/stories/id/9/1/513191/.TEMP/s_topTEMP67x50 )' height='' border='0'> Obituary: Ronald A. Bitz Obituary: Antoinette R... Obituary: Sherian Denn... Reader Comments (0) Log in to add your comment     Sections National Local Obituaries Sports Opinion Calendar classifieds Newspaper Contact Subscribe About Photos Website Terms of Use Privacy Policy Sitemap Mobile Browser Advertise Advertise Business Directory Contribute Submit Content Letter to the Editor Connect With Us Havre Daily News 119 2nd Street Havre, MT 59501 Ph: (406) 265-6795 Email: news@havredailynews.com © 2017 Havre Daily News Powered by ROAR Online Publication Software from Lions Light Corporation © Copyright 2017 Rendered 03/29/2017 11:53
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Sports Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Out and About Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Good News Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us NEWS Man steals cell phone from 4-year-old inside Florida Walmart Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1822856" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> A man has been arrested after police say he stole a cell phone from a 4-year-old girl inside a Walmart store in Florida. (WPVI) WPVI Wednesday, March 29, 2017 12:19PM A man has been arrested after police say he stole a cell phone from a 4-year-old girl inside a Walmart store in Florida. Little Angelina's father, Nelson Quiles, says he was so eager to catch the crook who stole his daughter's cell phone that he sent a text message to her number. And the robber, Mykhal Henderson, responded. "I was telling him he should return the phone because he stole it from a 4-year-old. He pretty much laughed in my face," said Nelson. Additionally, Mykhal says he found the phone on the floor and was going to keep it. Soon after, cops tracked him down through an online order he placed and arrested him at a traffic stop where he confessed. So while Angelina will be getting her phone back, the story has a lot of people asking a lot of questions including: When should kids get phones in the first place? Report a typo to the ABC13 digital staff Related Topics: newsu.s. & worldcellphonerobberywalmartbig talkerstrendingFlorida Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 WPVI-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS State Department employee concealed contact with Chinese foreign agents: Officials Two boys, 11 and 12, electrocuted to death after TX storms Elizabeth Smart's father speaks out about missing Tenn. teen NC lawmakers reach deal to repeal the state's 'bathroom bill' At least 13 dead, 3 injured in Texas church bus crash More News Top Stories Local man survives lightning strike during severe weather Storms topple containers, flip cars and flood streets More stormy weather ahead this weekend Tornado touched down in southwest Houston Surveillance video of heist in The Woodlands released 13 dead after church bus accident in central TX 7-month-old girl dies at unlicensed day care, police say Show More Exclusive look inside Brazoria Co. marijuana operation Astros unveil new renovations at Minute Maid Park Pedestrian rescued from manhole in downtown Houston History of stalking revealed for murder-for-hire suspect New Amazon warehouse to create 1,000 jobs More News Top Video More stormy weather ahead this weekend Local man survives lightning strike during severe weather Families vie to raise money to buy Alvin zoo Pedestrian rescued from manhole in downtown Houston More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Sports Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Out and About Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast U.S. & World Sports Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Out and About Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Sports Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Out and About Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Good News Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston
syracuse.com Menu Home News Weather Crime & Safety Syracuse University News Obituaries Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Living Photos Videos Real Estate Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Site Index Feedback Membership Follow Us Classifieds Back to Main Menu News Home Local News New York State U.S. & World Politics & Elections Business Auto News CNY Schools & Colleges Syracuse University News CNY Traffic Data & Statistics Health & Science Lottery Obits Back to Main Menu City of Syracuse North Suburbs & Oswego County East Suburbs & Madison County West Suburbs & Cayuga County Syracuse University News Back to Main Menu Politics & Elections Home Local & New York State Back to Main Menu Business Home CNY's Job Hunt Store Front Destiny USA News Destiny USA Shopping Company News Back to Main Menu Schools & Colleges Home CNY Proms CNY Graduations Back to Main Menu Health Home Science & Technology Hydrofracking Environmental Onondaga Lake Cleanup Back to Main Menu Weather Home School & Event Closures Back to Main Menu Crime News Police Blotter Reported Crimes Back to Main Menu Syracuse & CNY Obits Upstate NY Obits 2016 Celebrity Obits 2016 Sports Obits Back to Main Menu Sports Home Orange Basketball Orange Football Orange Lacrosse Orange Women Sports Orange Sports Buffalo Bills College Sports High School Sports Minor League Sports Bud Poliquin Brent Axe CNY Road Races CNY Outdoors NY Sports CNY & Pro Golf Motorsports TV Schedule Back to Main Menu Syracuse Chiefs Syracuse Crunch Syracuse Silver Knights Back to Main Menu High School Home Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Football Boys Hockey Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Wrestling Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Boys Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Ice Hockey Field Hockey Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Girls Tennis Competitive Cheer Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Gymnastics Girls Gymnastics Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Girls Skiing Boys Skiing Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home CNY Restaurants Movies News CNY Events Calendar Destiny USA Events CNY Music Scene CNY Arts & Theater CNY Festivals CNY Tickets on Sale Television News New York State Fair Celebrity News Back to Main Menu CNY Restaurants Home Drinks & Bars Best Restaurants Destiny USA Restaurants Back to Main Menu Opinion Home Editorial Board Your Opinions Columnists InterFaith Works Opinions Back to Main Menu Editorial Board Opinions Editorial Board Standards Back to Main Menu Bud Poliquin Back to Main Menu Living Home Homes Food Restaurants Cooking Drinks & Bars CNY Vintage Empire Magazine Tourism & Travel CNY Pets CNY Proms CNY Graduations CNY Celebration Announcements Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Home & Real Estate News Homes for Sale Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Back to Main Menu Photos Home Photo Essays Buy Photo Reprints Your Photos Back to Main Menu Videos Home News Videos Orange Football Videos Orange Basketball Videos High School Sports Videos Living Videos Back to Main Menu Real Estate Home Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home & Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages & Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Jobs Real Estate For Rent Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Subscribe to our YouTube channel Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search syracuse.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to syracuse.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Classifieds Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales comments Syracuse police: Woman used stolen credit card to buy TV Credit card theft ID.jpg Syracuse police say Jennifer A. McBride is the woman pictured in this surveillance photo. She is suspected of using a stolen credit card at Wal-Mart in Camillus around March 12, 2017. (Provided) Print Email Samantha House | shouse@syracuse.com By Samantha House | shouse@syracuse.com The Post-Standard Email the author | Follow on Twitter on March 29, 2017 at 1:40 PM, updated March 29, 2017 at 2:47 PM comments   Jennifer A. McBrideSyracuse Police Department  SYRACUSE, N.Y. -- A woman who was caught on video wheeling a stolen TV out of a Camillus store has been identified, police said. Jennifer A. McBride, 32, of 116 Gray Ave., Syracuse, was arrested Thursday and charged with possessing stolen property, said Sgt. Richard Helterline, a Syracuse Police Department spokesman. McBride used a credit card stolen in Syracuse to buy a TV from Wal-Mart, Helterline said. Police released surveillance footage of McBride and another woman on Monday. The second woman has been identified, but will not be arrested.  "It does not appear that she was involved in the actual use of the credit card and will not face any charges," Helterline said of the second woman. The investigation into the theft started on March 12, when the owner of the stolen credit card contacted police, Helterline said. A woman told police she lost her credit card on early on March 11 in Eastwood, Helterline said. When she called her credit card company to report the missing card, she learned it had been used at the Camillus Wal-Mart, he said. With the help of a tip, officers found and arrested McBride on Wednesday, Helterline said. She was charged with fourth-degree criminal possession of stolen property, a felony, and released. Police are now searching for the pilfered TV, Helterline said. "We are still working on this to see if we can find out where that item ended up and see if any additional people were involved," he said. More arrests are possible, Helterline said. Police asked anyone with information about the case to call (315) 442-5222 or submit tips through the anonymous SPD Tips app. Syracuse police ID one woman, seek another in stolen credit card case Crime in Central NY Police Blotter Search for arrests by Syracuse and Central New York law enforcement agencies and New York State Police. Map: Onondaga County crimes More Crime & Safety news » More News Topics Traffic: Construction & road conditions Weather: Latest news & forecasts Syracuse & Central NY obituaries Active Discussions Most Read About Us Advertise with us Jobs at Advance Media New York Contact Us Photo and Page Reprints Newspaper Archives Frequently Asked Questions Submit letter, commentary Subscriptions The Post-Standard ePost-Standard Email Newsletters syracuse.com Sections News Weather Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on syracuse.com Videos Photos Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Media New York. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Media New York. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Man killed in Fremont after car flips off Dumbarton Bridge Priscilla Chan touts Teach for America at fundraiser California officials to unveil huge transportation deal, new fees U.S. judge questions government on narrowing travel ban block News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA 'Dreamer' reunites with family, says he's hopeful for future Poles faces post-Brexit Europe with confusion and fear Severe storms expected in Mississippi Valley, Dixie Alley A look at latest ruling on Trump administration travel ban Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Warriors send statement with comeback win over Spurs A’s leave Arizona with good mind-set, camaraderie Wyking Jones generating excitement as Cal’s head basketball Ex-model McPhee is now a model shooter for Stanford Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs App store sales for Android to overtake Apple’s iOS, report Bill to let bars serve alcohol until 4 a.m. advances PG&E agrees to $86.5m penalty in San Bruno fallout; bills to drop Top General Says Human Rights Shouldn't Hold Up U.S. Arms Sales A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do ‘Memories’ of ska captured in Southern Exposure piece The latest from Dear Abby After strong beginning, ‘Boss Baby’ needs a time out Greene revisits past while looking to the future Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog The Giants expand food options at AT&T Park Two Sisters Bar to close in Hayes Valley A 'Tech, Bar and Lounge' to open on first floor of low-income Yelp's list of most popular San Francisco restaurants by Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Cat disappears in NorCal, turns up in Canada 4 years later New fragrance makes you smell like a kitten Fake or real? Commonly held 'facts' debunked Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips 2-wheeled quest to spot elusive kiwi goes south Defunct British phone boxes answering a new call Suite Spot: Swingin’ at the Riviera Palm Springs The Barn transforms riverfront in West Sacramento Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Zillow predicts 2017 price decreases in these SF neighborhoods Glass elevator adds flair to $7.3-million Victorian overhaul on Walk-through: New infrastructure, amenities await at expanded Edwardian near Lake Street with top-to-bottom designer finishes Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Infiniti Q60 Red Sport a racy, versatile performer Showboating Mustang crashes after leaving Lambo dealership Latest Impreza debuts Subaru’s Global Platform Architecture Chevy Caprice is a tribute to family history Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Finding a good mentor is one of the best career strategies Should you take a counteroffer? Small talk has a big impact on your career Find a new job faster by changing your attitude Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/news/crime/article/Man-accused-of-leading-store-theft-ring-making-11036456.php Man accused of leading store theft ring, making threats Published 10:26 am, Wednesday, March 29, 2017 WILLIAMSTOWN, Vt. (AP) — Vermont State Police have accused a man of forcing women to steal bed sheets, bicycle parts, school supplies and other items from Wal-Mart stores in a theft ring across New England. NECN reports (http://bit.ly/2nw0I9I) 41-year-Johnnie Hammond, of Providence, Rhode Island, called "Poopie," forced the women to shoplift and intimidated them with threats of beatings. Hammond denied the accusations and pleaded not guilty to theft and unlawful restraint in a court appearance Monday. Court documents said police talked to women who said they were afraid of Hammond. Police said Hammond instructed others to take the items, then would return them for store credit at other store locations. Police found a vehicle in Williamstown, Vermont, on Sunday, containing over $4,000 worth of stolen items and traced it to Hammond. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. LATEST NEWS Rumors confirmed: Mission Thrift Town closed today Woman, 76, knocked unconscious in North Beach hit-run Man killed in Fremont after car flips off Dumbarton Wearing T-shirt and plastic bag, man arrested at school Woman killed, 2 men wounded in SF shooting Berkeley calls for Trump's impeachment 13 dead in crash involving Texas church group Homeowners in sinking, tilting SF tower file $200M suit Warriors stun Spurs in huge comeback win on the road Durant looks ‘good’ in one-on-one against asst. Willie Green Durant’s rehab on target; will be re-evaluated in 7-10 days 49ers' Shanahan explains why he didn’t want Kaepernick Bitter fan to his Raiders gear: Just burn, baby Five popular TV shows are ending forever this week Netflix drama shot in Marin works despite gimmickry The quest for design utopia at SF's Pier 70 Last of the old Bay Bridge east span comes down TODAY'S TOP PICKS Yelp surprises: Most popular SF restaurants by neighborhood Red Bull heir parties on, 4 years after hit-and-run killed cop Face-tattooed gang member sentenced in beating of girlfriend Most Popular 1 Kyle Shanahan on why he didn’t want Colin Kaepernick 2 Is Trump’s epic downfall coming soon? Watch your phone 3 Woman killed, 2 men wounded in midmorning SF shooting 4 Berkeley calls for Trump impeachment 5 Yelp's list of most popular San Francisco restaurants by... 6 Boy dragged out to sea at Monastery Beach dies 7 Man killed in Fremont after car flips off Dumbarton Bridge 8 Warriors send statement with comeback win over Spurs 9 Rumors confirmed: 45-year-old Mission Thrift Town closed today 10 $200 million suit filed by homeowners in sinking, tilting tower LATEST NEWS Rumors confirmed: Mission Thrift Town closed today Woman, 76, knocked unconscious in North Beach hit-run Man killed in Fremont after car flips off Dumbarton Wearing T-shirt and plastic bag, man arrested at school Woman killed, 2 men wounded in SF shooting Berkeley calls for Trump's impeachment 13 dead in crash involving Texas church group Homeowners in sinking, tilting SF tower file $200M suit THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Women wanted for questioning for Walmart fraud incident - WFXG FOX 54 - News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME WFXG FOX 54 News and Weather apps NEWS Local News Georgia News South Carolina News National News Crime News Education News Military News Health News Tech National Politics Entertainment News WEATHER Hurricane season 2016 Weather and disaster coverage Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Georgia River Levels from NWS Pollen Count SPORTS News from the NFL SEC Coverage ACC Digital Network ACC Video Vault Traffic Video Right This Minute Video Most Popular Videos TV WFXG TV Listings FOX On Demand TMZ Children's Television Programming Reports Contests Atlanta Bread Breakfast Club Realtime Brackets Watch, Text, and Win with Jay Jefferies Watch, Text, and Win with Family Feud Community For Our Children High 5 4 Kids 2 Strong 4 Bullies Weather with Jay Community Calendar CSRA Events & Shows ABOUT US Contact Us WFXG-TV transmitter upgrade News Team Meet Our Staff Closed Captioning Concerns EEO Public File FCC Public Inspection Files Digital Sales Jobs at WFXG Advertise With Us Women wanted for questioning for Walmart fraud incident 2017-03-29T15:15:44Z2017-03-29T15:15:44Z By Brittany Jenkins, Digital Content Producer Email Connect bjenkins@wfxg.com woman wanted for questioning for fraud; Source: Richmond County Sheriff's Office woman wanted for questioning for fraud incident; Source: Richmond County Sheriff's Office RICHMOND COUNTY, GA (WFXG) - The Richmond County Sheriff’s Office is looking to identify a woman wanted for questioning. Authorities are looking to question her in reference to a fraud incident at the Walmart on Deans Bridge Rd. The incident(s) in question happened on Feb. 9 and Feb. 11. If you have any information on the identity of this woman, please contact Investigator Michelle Hunter Walden or any Financial Crimes Investigator with the Richmond County Sheriff’s Office. You can call 706-821-1454 or 706-821-1020 and all callers can remain anonymous.  Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved. Local NewsMore>> Westinghouse bankruptcy could create problems for Plant Vogtle Westinghouse bankruptcy could create problems for Plant Vogtle Updated: Thursday, March 30 2017 12:36 AM EDT2017-03-30 04:36:06 GMT Toshiba, the owner of Westinghouse, intends to sell the company; WFXG. A bankruptcy could create more problems for the over-budget and over-due reactors at Plant Vogtle. Westinghouse the primary contractor for reactors three and four at Plant Vogtle declared bankruptcy Wednesday morning.More >> A bankruptcy could create more problems for the over-budget and over-due reactors at Plant Vogtle. Westinghouse the primary contractor for reactors three and four at Plant Vogtle declared bankruptcy Wednesday morning.More >> High 5 4 Kids: Cameron Wilson High 5 4 Kids: Cameron Wilson Updated: Wednesday, March 29 2017 8:50 PM EDT2017-03-30 00:50:28 GMT This week on High 5 4 Kids, we're introducing you to a high school senior who has risen to the top of the band world as a percussion player. Now, he has his sight set on playing on the national level. It's the sound of music that reminds Cameron Wilson that anything is possible.  "I remember being in middle school thinking it would be pretty cool to play music for a living but I was always a realistic kid," says Wilson. But for this Davidson Senior, his desire to play... More >> This week on High 5 4 Kids, we're introducing you to a high school senior who has risen to the top of the band world as a percussion player. Now, he has his sight set on playing on the national level. It's the sound of music that reminds Cameron Wilson that anything is possible.  "I remember being in middle school thinking it would be pretty cool to play music for a living but I was always a realistic kid," says Wilson. But for this Davidson Senior, his desire to play...More >> Friends share their fondest memories of Drew Passmore at his memorial service Friends share their fondest memories of Drew Passmore at his memorial service Updated: Wednesday, March 29 2017 8:48 PM EDT2017-03-30 00:48:05 GMT Many gathering today in Augusta to say farewell to a high school senior, 17-year-old Drew Passmore who died in a car accident.  "It's really helped us to actually value life and not be so heavy with all the problems and stuff but actually live our every day like it's our last," says Abi-Grace Willis who grew up with Drew. "It's cool to see how a friend of mine, Drew, how he brought the whole community together even though it's sad it's still comforting and k...More >> Many gathering today in Augusta to say farewell to a high school senior, 17-year-old Drew Passmore who died in a car accident.  "It's really helped us to actually value life and not be so heavy with all the problems and stuff but actually live our every day like it's our last," says Abi-Grace Willis who grew up with Drew. "It's cool to see how a friend of mine, Drew, how he brought the whole community together even though it's sad it's still comforting and k...More >> Women wanted for questioning for Walmart fraud incident Women wanted for questioning for Walmart fraud incident Updated: Wednesday, March 29 2017 11:15 AM EDT2017-03-29 15:15:44 GMT woman wanted for questioning for fraud; Source: Richmond County Sheriff's Office The Richmond County Sheriff’s Office is looking to identify a woman wanted for questioning. Authorities are looking to question her in reference to a fraud incident at the Walmart on Deans Bridge Rd. The incident(s) in question happened on Feb. 9 and Feb. 11.  More >> The Richmond County Sheriff’s Office is looking to identify a woman wanted for questioning. Authorities are looking to question her in reference to a fraud incident at the Walmart on Deans Bridge Rd. The incident(s) in question happened on Feb. 9 and Feb. 11. More >> Richmond County authorities looking for wanted woman for questioning in furniture theft Richmond County authorities looking for wanted woman for questioning in furniture theft Updated: Wednesday, March 29 2017 10:54 AM EDT2017-03-29 14:54:00 GMT woman wanted for questioning; Source: Richmond County Sheriff's Office The Richmond County Sheriff’s Office is looking for a woman for questioning for theft. Yard furniture that was sold to Mema Had One was stolen. The RCSO is looking to identify the woman pictured to question her about the incident. More >> The Richmond County Sheriff’s Office is looking for a woman for questioning for theft. Yard furniture that was sold to Mema Had One was stolen. The RCSO is looking to identify the woman pictured to question her about the incident.More >>    Can't Find Something? 3933 Washington Road Augusta, GA 30907 (706) 650-5400 FCC Public File publicfile@wfxg.com (706) 650-5400 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital News YouTube Extremist-Video Ad Controversy Prompts GroupM to Team With Brand-Safety Analytics Partner Todd Spangler NY Digital Editor @xpangler Share This Article LinkedIn Email Print Talk Courtesy of GroupM March 29, 2017 | 08:00AM PT With advertisers around the world still reeling from the revelation that their ads appeared in hate-speech videos on YouTube, WPP’s GroupM is taking a new step to reassure clients that their ads won’t show up next to undesirable content on the Google-owned service. GroupM, the world’s biggest media-buying firm, on Wednesday announced a partnership with social-analytics provider OpenSlate to help advertisers analyze YouTube content for quality and brand safety. GroupM said the new solution with OpenSlate will initially roll out in the U.S. and U.K., with plans under way to expand to additional international markets. The company said Google is enabling its partnership with OpenSlate to identify content that’s not brand-safe. Currently, GroupM’s clients are the only advertisers able to monitor content in the Google Preferred program — which comprises the most popular YouTube channels in specific categories — in this way. Advertisers that have pulled ad spending from YouTube, and in some cases Google’s display advertising networks, include AT&T, Verizon, FX Networks, PepsiCo, Walmart, Dish Network, Starbucks, GM, JP Morgan Chase & Co., Johnson & Johnson and Lyft. That’s in addition to more than 250 U.K. advertisers who have frozen spending on YouTube, an exodus touched off by a report by the Times of London that ads from major brands were appearing in videos posted by white supremacists and other hatemongers. Related YouTube Hate-Speech Ad Fallout Continues: U.S. Advertising Trade Group Urges Google to Rectify ‘Crisis’ Some analysts expect the impact on Google’s bottom line to be minimal. But the company could lose up to $750 million in ad revenue from the controversy, according to an estimate released last week by Nomura’s Instinet. According to GroupM, under the deal with OpenSlate the analytics firm will provide clients of its agencies additional controls and content safeguards to support their YouTube media buys. The solution will span both reservation media, including Google Preferred, and in auction-based inventory bought through AdWords or DoubleClick Bid Manager. Using OpenSlate’s data, clients will be able to better define the type of content that should be excluded from their YouTube media buys, the companies said. In addition, OpenSlate will provide GroupM agency clients with reporting that details exactly where their campaigns have run. “Most brands today have scaled their advertising on digital platforms like YouTube, where most content is user-generated, but their needs for mature and safe ad products and environments persist,” Susan Schiekofer, chief digital investment officer at GroupM North America, said in a statement. GroupM’s Schiekofer conceded that it’s not possible to eliminate all risk for advertisers when it comes to user-generated media, but she positioned the partnership with OpenSlate as an extra step it is taking to ensure clients’ brand reputations. Together, GroupM and Kantar account for over half of WPP’s more than $20 billion in annual revenue. Google has publicly stated that it’s taking a number of steps to make sure ads are not placed against offensive content. The internet giant’s chief business officer, Philipp Schindler, wrote in a blog post last week that Google is improving the controls and reporting tools advertisers have about where their ads are displayed. He said the company also is hiring more staff and developing artificial-intelligence algorithms to better identify hate speech. That hasn’t mollified the concerns of some major advertisers. Last week Bob Liodice, CEO of the Association of National Advertisers, said Google and other digital advertising platforms must do more to make digital advertising absolutely safe for brands. “Brands choose those platforms to work hard for them to achieve all of their business and brand building objectives. But the most important of those priorities is ‘to do no harm,'” Liodice said. Filed Under: Google GroupM OpenSlate Youtube Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 1 Most Popular 1 Film 7:18PM PT CinemaCon: Christopher Nolan’s ‘Dunkirk’ Stuns Theater Owners With Epic War Drama 2 Film 5:22PM PT Christopher Nolan Rejects Early VOD Minutes After WB Exec Talks It Up at CinemaCon 3 Scene 4:06PM PT ‘Better Call Saul’ Season 3 Premiere: Jimmy McGill Gets Closer to ‘Breaking Bad’ 4 Film 4:05PM PT Charlize Theron Reveals Arduous Workout Regimen for ‘Atomic Blonde’ at CinemaCon 5 TV 2:54PM PT ‘Frozen’s’ Original Ending Finally Revealed Golden Globes: HFPA Announces Timetable for 75th Annual Awards HFPA Announces Date for 2018 Golden Globes Asghar Farhadi Breaks Silence on Oscar Victory Playback: James Mangold on a Hard-R ‘Logan’ and Wolverine’s Western DNA Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply 1 Comment Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. dgadd523 says: March 29, 2017 at 8:08 am Why not just make users sign up for the content they want to see otherwise they get vanilla all the time/ Reply Report comment More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content Store Manager Makes "Wheelchair" for Goldfish With Swim Disorder 'Legion' EP Noah Hawley On Tonight's Finale, Season 2 & Patrick… Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner Are Selling Their Gently Used… Chris Brown on black-ish: A Great Comedy Makes a Serious Error 'Dunkirk' and 'Wonder Woman' Sneaks Inspire CinemaCon, But… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource ad
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Business Like Follow Follow Alibaba is making moves in the world's fastest-growing e-commerce market 284 Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Image: Getty Images By Sohini Mitter2017-03-29 14:43:26 UTC Amazon's foremost competitor in Asia, Alibaba, is slowly yet steadily gaining a foothold in India, the world's fastest-growing e-commerce market.  The Chinese internet giant has started working out of a shared office space in India's Silicon Valley, Economic Times reports.  This comes a few months after Alibaba announced its first India office in Mumbai a stone's throw away from rival Amazon's headquarters. SEE ALSO: Softbank reportedly wants to merge India's top online retailers to take on Amazon Alibaba has rented 30 seats in a flexible office in Bangalore through a deal with CoWrks, one of the largest commercial real estate developers in the city. Its human resources, admin and operations teams work out of this space.  "India is an important emerging market with great potential and we are absolutely committed to developing this market for the long term,“ an Alibaba spokesperson was quoted as saying.  Experts reckon that the Alibaba versus Amazon battle is bigger than the Walmart versus Amazon one and will take over Southeast Asia soon. "It’s a battle that will likely span decades, and in the next few years will be most pronounced in Southeast Asia," says Forbes. India is already witnessing a consolidation of its homegrown e-commerce companies as Amazon narrows the market share gap with them. Alibaba too is deeply invested in the $15 billion Indian e-commerce space through Paytm, the country's largest mobile wallet with 200 million users.  The Chinese firm, along with its affiliate Ant Financial, owns about a 40 percent stake in Paytm, and earlier this month infused $200 million in Paytm's e-commerce unit. It is looking at more investment opportunities outside China as growth slows at home. In its biggest overseas deal last year, Alibaba had bought a controlling stake in Southeast Asian online retailer Lazada Group for about $1 billion. Amazon, too, is scooping up customers with heavy investments in India. It has also announced a $600 million entry investment in Indonesia, the world's fourth-most populous country. And its entry in Singapore is imminent. It is a market in which the Seattle giant will directly compete with Alibaba-owned Lazada. We're in for exciting times. WATCH: China's big, beautiful, green 'vertical forests' will suck up toxic smog Topics: AliBaba, amazon, Business, china, e-commerce, Jobs, online retail, southeast asia, Startups, workplace About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 45°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Wednesday, March 29, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music People & Entertainment Weekly Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Fargo Street with Tyler Sullivan Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Google searching for answers in ad drain Associated Press Saturday, March 25, 2017 Credit: (Courtesy Photo) CONFLICT ON CONTENT: Even as more advertisers are taking their business elsewhere, Google is standing by an earlier promise that it would correct a problem in which ads are being placed with objectionable content on YouTube. comments SAN FRANCISCO — An advertising boycott of YouTube is broadening, a sign that big-spending companies doubt Google’s ability to prevent marketing campaigns from appearing alongside repugnant videos. PepsiCo, Wal-Mart Stores and Starbucks yesterday confirmed that they have also suspended their advertising on YouTube after The Wall Street Journal found Google’s automated programs placed their brands on five videos containing racist content. AT&T, Verizon, Johnson & Johnson, Volkswagen and several other companies pulled ads earlier this week. The defections are continuing even after Google apologized for tainting brands and outlined steps to ensure ads don’t appear alongside unsavory videos. It’s not an easy problem to fix, even for a company with the brainpower that Google has drawn upon to build a search engine that billions trust to find the information they want in a matter of seconds. Google depends mostly on automated programs to place ads in YouTube videos because the job is too much for humans to handle on their own. About 400 hours of video is now posted on YouTube each minute. The company has pledged to hire more people to review videos and develop even more sophisticated programs to teach its computers to figure out which clips would be considered to be too despicable for advertising. Google yesterday stood by its earlier promise, signaling the company’s confidence that it will be able to appease advertisers. More On: Google YouTube Share this Article Join the Conversation Top Business Stories business & markets Greenway eyes beer and wine garden matt stout business & markets Boston nonprofit eyes partners to help create new waterfront park donna goodison business & markets Exploring new worlds inside a 2,000-square-foot arena jordan graham business & markets FDA approves 1st drug for aggressive multiple sclerosis associated press Trending Now Sheriff Hodgson: Feds should arrest sanctuary city mayors Lawmaker's post warning of raids in Brockton roils ICE officials Kansas man who tried to stop shooter of immigrants gets $100K check from Indian group .@NHLBruins WIN First ever Stanley Cup Championship AGA @NYRangers #HeraldArchive 1929 #HeraldArchives 2-1 WIN… Market Summary and Investments Tweets by @bostonherald ✖ Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
News Sports Living Obits Item Banner Cars Jobs E-Edition Subscriber Services log in Site Archive Leicester shoplifting suspect allegedly impersonated police officer Wednesday Mar 29, 2017 at 9:52 AM Mar 29, 2017 at 9:55 PM Kim Ring Telegram & Gazette Staff @kimringtg LEICESTER - A Worcester man was held on $500 bail Wednesday on charges of shoplifting and impersonating a police officer. Leicester police investigating a report of shoplifting at Wal-Mart said Kevin Whitney, 53, of 10 Seminole Drive, Worcester, was armed with a BB gun and carrying two "special police" badges, as well as a set of handcuffs and fake police identification, when he was pulled over after leaving the Wal-Mart store Tuesday afternoon. Police said a loss prevention officer at the store reported that Mr. Whitney walked out of the building just before 4 p.m. and drove off in his Nissan Rogue with merchandise he hadn't paid for. The store employee told officers he had stopped Mr. Whitney as he was walking out of the store and Mr. Whitney informed him that he was a "special state police investigator" and displayed a badge, Chief James J. Hurley said. The store officer told investigators he saw what he believed to be a firearm in the man's belt, the chief said. Police said the man took merchandise - including electronics, household items and dog treats - valued at more than $650. A dog that was inside the vehicle was handed over to animal control, the chief said. It was not clear whether the dog was part of the man's alleged attempt to present himself as a police officer. Chief Hurley said the man's vehicle was fitted with a working siren. Officer Derrick Ruth arrested Mr. Whitney on charges of shoplifting, impersonating a police officer, carrying a dangerous weapon and witness intimidation. He was released from the Leicester Police Department on $200 bail. Mr. Whitney allegedly told police the badges were "movie props." Chief Hurley said whether that's true matters little because the items were used inappropriately. Officer Ruth was assisted during the arrest by Officer Scot Brooks and Sgt. Paul Doray. Mr. Whitney was arraigned Wednesday in Western Worcester District Court in East Brookfield and his bail was increased. He is due back in court April 28.   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Register/Subscribe Subscriber Services T&G E-Edition Worcester Living E-Edition NIE Business Matters Coupon Values FAQ Photo reprints (non-commercial use) Commercial photo licenses Advertising Advertising Contacts Propel Marketing - Digital Marketplace Media Kit Place an Ad Jobs Real Estate Pets Legal Notices News Contact Us Letters to the Editor Submit a Press Release Events Copyright/Terms of Use Marketing About Us Visions Contact Us The Item The Banner Reprints & Licensing Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. telegram.com ~ 100 Front St., Floor 5, Worcester MA 01608 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Worcester Police & Fire Courts Government Education New England Nation & World Shareable Databases Region North South/West East/Valley Columnists Local Photos Local Video Sports Hometeam Red Sox Patriots Bruins Celtics Columnists Auto Racing Opinion Editorials Columnists As I See It Letters Cartoons Blogs Living Things to do Movie showtimes Entertainment Food Lifestyle Columnists Calendar Business Local Business Business Matters Business People Markets Columnists Obituaries Submit Obituary Obituary FAQ More Photos Videos TV Listings Movies Then & Now Worcester Worcester Living Hometeam Traffic Lottery The Item The Banner Services Merchants Dining Contests Branded Content Celebrations Classifieds Propel T&G Santa Woo Challenge Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber Services Register/Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Marketplace Cars Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Careers at the T&G Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska GS1 US Digital Convergence Forum 2017 to Explore Redefining the Future of Commerce Digital Futurist Robert Tercek to Moderate Event Focused on Technology Trends Driving Consumer Loyalty News provided by GS1 US Mar 29, 2017, 09:30 ET Share this article LAWRENCEVILLE, N.J., March 29, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- GS1 US® is hosting the Digital Convergence Forum, an exclusive event from June 21–22, 2017 at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. The Forum provides marketing and technology executives an opportunity to discuss trends, strategies and success models for navigating the digital transformation of commerce. Executives from leading corporations including Google, McKinsey & Company, Nielsen, Target, Tumi and Walmart will share strategic approaches to the Internet of Things, blockchain, contextual commerce and real time consumer engagement. Attendees will develop actionable insights for exceeding consumer expectations, building brand loyalty and effectively connecting digital and physical product experiences.  Additionally, the Digital Convergence Forum will feature Robert Tercek, digital futurist and digital media pioneer, as host and moderator. Tercek is known for helping organizations navigate through massive changes. In his 22-year career, Tercek has launched several startup ventures and served in executive leadership roles at major media companies. He is the author of Vaporized: Solid Strategies for Success in a Dematerialized World in which he takes readers inside the digital revolution and shows how every industry as we know it will be transformed by technology. "The Digital Convergence Forum is an interactive think-tank experience for executives currently navigating digital transformations within their organizations and ultimately redefining commerce," said Bob Carpenter, president and CEO of GS1 US. "Whether their imperatives are centered on uniquely identifying products, or how to engage consumers in real time, attendees can expect to learn technology strategies from market leaders that yield results." "Consumers and businesses alike need to brace themselves for unprecedented change," said Tercek. "Retail stores, physical products and corporations are about to be vaporized and replaced by digital information. After attending the Digital Convergence Forum, today's technology leaders will have expanded insights that enable them to more readily adapt to change."  While the Digital Convergence Forum is co-located with GS1 Connect 2017, separate registration is required. Seating is limited. More information is available at www.digitalconvergenceforum.com. About GS1 US GS1 US®, a member of GS1® global, is a not-for-profit information standards organization that facilitates industry collaboration to help improve supply chain visibility and efficiency through the use of GS1 Standards, the most widely-used supply chain standards system in the world. Nearly 300,000 businesses in 25 industries rely on GS1 US for trading partner collaboration that optimizes their supply chains, drives cost performance and revenue growth while also enabling regulatory compliance. They achieve these benefits through solutions based on GS1 global unique numbering and identification systems, barcodes, Electronic Product Code-based RFID, data synchronization, and electronic information exchange. GS1 US also manages the United Nations Standard Products and Services Code® (UNSPSC®). www.gs1us.org To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/gs1-us-digital-convergence-forum-2017-to-explore-redefining-the-future-of-commerce-300430697.html SOURCE GS1 US Related Links http://www.gs1us.org Mar 23, 2017, 10:00 ET Preview: GS1 US Data Hub | Product View/Use Takes the Guesswork Out of Sourcing Product Data My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 23, 2017, 10:00 ETGS1 US Data Hub | Product View/Use Takes the Guesswork Out of... Mar 08, 2017, 09:30 ETFoodservice Guideline Aims to Enhance Food Traceability and Safety Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Electronic Commerce Trade Show News Not For Profit You just read: GS1 US Digital Convergence Forum 2017 to Explore Redefining the Future of Commerce News provided by GS1 US Mar 29, 2017, 09:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
7 Light City music acts not to miss, from Biz Markie to Super City News Maryland Howard County Elkridge One Month's Rent helps Howard County residents facing eviction One Month's Rent Photo by Nicole Munchel One Month's Rent Initiative members from left: Mary Klett, of Columbia; Wren Morgan, of Columbia; Ann Neale, of Columbia; Anne Dodd, of Ellicott City; Joy Calvert, of Columbia; and Jane Parrish, of Columbia. One Month's Rent Initiative members from left: Mary Klett, of Columbia; Wren Morgan, of Columbia; Ann Neale, of Columbia; Anne Dodd, of Ellicott City; Joy Calvert, of Columbia; and Jane Parrish, of Columbia. (Photo by Nicole Munchel) Fatimah WaseemContact ReporterHoward County Times Privacy Policy Since the late 1960s, a book club of local women had met monthly to together roam through the pages of far-flung tales. When the group read Barbara Ehrenreich's expose on the challenges of living on minimum wages, they knew the story would have real-life consequences for themselves and for local residents struggling to overcome poverty. In her book, "Nickel and Dimed," Ehrenreich goes undercover to work unskilled jobs — as a waitress in Florida and a Walmart clerk in Minnesota — to bring to life the daily struggle of surviving on earning $7 an hour. Inspired by Ehrenreich's book, the group launched the One Month's Rent Initiative, a nonprofit organization that helps low-wage earners facing eviction. "We couldn't just drop it. We had to do something," said club member Anne Dodd, chief judge of the county's Orphan's Court. For more than 12 years, the group has approved donations for one month's rent or a security deposit for individuals threatened with losing housing due to a personal, economic or medical crisis. The poor in prosperous Howard [Editorial] Howard County's per capita income last year was the highest in the Baltimore region – nearly $70,000, according to new Commerce Department calculations published last week. A separate report of the labor market noted that the October statewide unemployment rate was an impressively low 4.2 percent... Howard County's per capita income last year was the highest in the Baltimore region – nearly $70,000, according to new Commerce Department calculations published last week. A separate report of the labor market noted that the October statewide unemployment rate was an impressively low 4.2 percent...Read the story The beauty of the program lies in its simplicity, said Jane Parrish, a 71-year-old Columbia resident and president of One Month's Rent. The Community Action Council, a nonprofit organization that serves food-insecure residents in the county, vets candidates for donations. Over an email thread, the initiative's board considers whether or not to approve the donation. If approved, the council releases funds to the landlord or mortgage company. The initiative fills a major need for clients whose incomes are too high for other housing assistance, according to Beth Stein, the council's rapid response coordinator. Many clients are not used to asking for financial help because they can make ends meet until an emergency comes along, she said. Speed is key in the process because many people facing eviction need immediate assistance, Dodd said. Most approvals take between two and three hours. The group's treasurer gathers donations mailed to the group's post office box and turns them over to the council. Another member gives out handwritten thank you notes to contributors. Dodd coordinates approvals from the board. Members raise funds through a newsletter mailing each September. In the last year, the group has disbursed $23,000 in aid to 16 working families, including a single parent whose apartment was destroyed by a fire, and distributed $250,000 over the last 12 years. Some recipients are just over the poverty line and do not qualify for state or federal assistance. "What surprises me is how fast someone could run into a serious financial hardship," Parrish said. "It doesn't take much if they're just making it. Many of the people we help don't have a safety net like friends or family who can help them during a crisis. Pulling yourself up by your own bootstraps doesn't always ring possible for everyone." As needs grow, Howard County Food Bank finds permanent home Fatimah Waseem Nestled at the edge of corporate Columbia, the new Howard County Food Bank, retrofitted with shiny shelves, two check-out counters and humming freezers, resembles a mini-Giant Food — a shopping experience staff and volunteers deliberately designed to preserve the dignity of the less fortunate as... Nestled at the edge of corporate Columbia, the new Howard County Food Bank, retrofitted with shiny shelves, two check-out counters and humming freezers, resembles a mini-Giant Food — a shopping experience staff and volunteers deliberately designed to preserve the dignity of the less fortunate as... (Fatimah Waseem) Dodd said securing affordable housing in the county is especially challenging. "You can have several workers in a family and if you run into just one bad thing, it can take you off balance so that you can't meet your obligations. Affordable housing is really the biggest problem because of what it takes to rent or pay a mortgage." The organization also absorbs all costs associated with the program and has partnered with local organizations, such as a Long and Foster office based in Columbia, for yearly donations. "We're all just middle class people. We don't have a whole lot of money. When we give, we want it to do a whole lot of good," Parrish said. The group includes former teachers, a retired media specialist, a web expert and a retired professor of medical ethics. The entire process is anonymous. While the council works with clients one-on-one, members of One Month's Rent know no names of the people it helps. All they ask is one favor from beneficiaries: paying the deed forward. "All we ask [them] in return is to help another family with a housing need in their lifetime," Dodd said. Caption Police officer shoots suspect after nearly getting hit by car Police officer shoots suspect after nearly getting hit by car. (WJZ) Police officer shoots suspect after nearly getting hit by car. (WJZ) Caption Howard County schools consider redistricting Howard County Times reporter Andrew Michaels discusses the Howard County school system's feasibility study, which reports that 23 of 76 schools are overcapacity. (Andrew Michaels and Jerry Jackson, Baltimore Sun Media Group) Howard County Times reporter Andrew Michaels discusses the Howard County school system's feasibility study, which reports that 23 of 76 schools are overcapacity. (Andrew Michaels and Jerry Jackson, Baltimore Sun Media Group) Copyright © 2017, Howard County Times, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad Tighter limits on development near overcrowded Howard schools stalled Howard County police seeking owner of dog 'left for dead' Chaplegate Christian Academy team to compete in Lego League World Festival Breaking Sports Maryland Business Opinion Obits eNewspaper Advertising 45°
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 March 2017 by Military News Life Clips, Inc. (LCLP: OTCQB) | Life Clips, Inc. Announces Consolidation and Change in Officers Mar 29, 2017 OTC Disclosure & News Service – AVENTURA, Fla., March 29, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Life Clips, Inc. (OTCQB:LCLP) (the “Company”) would like to provide clarification to shareholders on recent events covered in 8-K filings and the direction of the company. Management Changes On January 12, 2017, Robert Gruder resigned as the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of the Company.  Also on January 12, 2017, both Mr. Gruder and Wayne Thomas resigned from the Company’s Board of Directors.  On January 16, 2017 Victoria Rudman was appointed as Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of the Company, as well as to the Company’s Board of Directors. Ms. Rudman has spent most of her career in Fortune 50 global investment banks and retail brokerage firms. She has also served several public and private companies as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary. As part of the transition to new management, on January 25, 2017 Robert Finigan resigned from his position as President of the Company. Additionally, Stuart Posner resigned from his position as a Director on February 1, 2017. Huey Long was named Chief Executive Officer on February 2, 2017 and was named as a Director of the Company to fill the seat on the Board of Directors vacated by Mr. Posner. Mr. Long is a seasoned multi-channel retail and global sourcing executive and turnaround expert. He was responsible for general merchandise operations in his capacity as a Senior Vice President at Walmart Stores, Inc. and as General Merchandise Manager at Walmart’s Sam’s Club. Previously, Mr. Long was an Executive Vice President of Radio Shack Corp., where he was part of the turnaround team. He later became a Director of Radio Shack China. Mr. Long was also responsible for Amazon.com’s global private brands and consumer electronics retail buying operations.  William Singer remains in his position as Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing of the Company, and was named as a Director on March 1, 2017. Mr. Singer is a Multi-Channel Retail Expert, an entrepreneur and investor, and has launched several successful businesses and products in retail, transportation, eCommerce, mobility, and services. Digital Imaging Market Previous management of the Company was not able to raise sufficient capital to complete its business plan, or fulfill the commitments to its licensing partner, and enter the Digital Imaging market. As a result, the Board of Directors has voted to cease operations in this market and will not pursue the activities under the trademark license agreement, pursuant to which the Company planned to design, manufacture and sell branded action cameras, 360 cameras, dash cameras and still cameras, as discussed in the Company’s Form 8-K as filed on September 22, 2016. The details associated with terminating this agreement have not been finalized and the Company could be subject to a termination fee. Mobeego and the Mobile Power Market Moving forward, the Company will focus on sales of the Mobeego brand emergency cell phone battery and other mobile power supply products we plan to source from a previously signed strategic alliance with Ascenda Corporation, a global sourcing and logistics company. We are seeing increased interest in the Mobeego product.  The Mobeego emergency cell phone battery provides an extra 20-40% boost of power to a cell phone without having to be tethered or charged. The batteries have a 10-year shelf life. On July 11, 2016, the Company agreed to purchase Mobeego’s parent company, Batterfly Energy, Ltd. for an initial payment of $500,000 to the Batterfly sellers, with $250,000 being due on October 6, 2016 and $250,000 being due on February 13, 2017.  The Company failed to make the payments as required and on January 11, 2017 we received a default notice from the sellers. We are currently in negotiations to cure the default and are optimistic we will be able to reach an agreement; however, there is no guarantee we will be able to do so. We plan to keep shareholders updated on our negotiations. About Mobeego The Mobeego brand launched in November 2015, is available within 16 different countries. The Mobeego product is an affordable one-time use battery that plugs directly into one’s mobile device, iPad, or action camera. The award winning design makes it wireless and disposable. Safe Harbor Statement In addition to statements of current and historical fact, this Press Release contains forward-looking statements. The words „forecast,” „will,” „intend,” „anticipate,” „project,” „intend,” „expect,” „should,” „believe” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although we believe that we have a reasonable basis for each forward-looking statement contained in this Press Release, we caution you that these statements are based on a combination of facts and factors currently known by Life Clips and its projections of the future, about which it cannot be certain. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors, including those discussed in „Risk Factors” and „Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Life Clips’ annual report on Form 10-Q and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the „SEC”), as well as matters discussed in Life Clips’ financial statements and related notes and other filings with the SEC, which may cause its actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly, all forward-looking statements should be evaluated with an understanding of their inherent uncertainty. Except as required by law, Life Clips assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. All distribution agreements call for minimum quarterly quotas.  There is a risk that the distributor will not meet these quarterly quotas.  In the event the quotas are not met the agreements are in breech which could void the agreement.  Therefore the dollar volumes may not be attained. 
CONTACT INFORMATION:

Huey Long
Chief Executive Officer
info@lifeclips.com

Life Clips Investor Relations

David Kugelman
Atlanta Capital Partners, LLC
(404) 856-9157
(866) 692-6847 Toll Free - U.S. And Canada
dk@atlcp.com
 Copyright © 2017 GlobeNewswire. All Rights Reserved The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsbattery, Business, commission, Companies, company, Computing, general, Life Clips, Inc., Markets, officer, private, service Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Qualcomm Appoints Dr. James H. Thompson as Chief Technology Officer Next PostNext Lightwave Logic, Inc. (LWLG: OTCQB) | SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Purcell Julie &amp; Lefkowitz LLP Is Investigating Lightwave Logic, Inc. for Potential Breaches Of Fiduciary Duty By Its Board of Directors Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Accessibility links Skip to main content Keyboard shortcuts for audio player View Navigation NPR NPR NPR Music NPR Books NPR About NPRPodcast Directory Search Toggle search NPR Home News Arts & Life Music Topics Programs & Podcasts NPR Music Genres New Music Concerts & Videos Articles & Lists Tiny Desk NPR Books Author Interviews Find Books Reviews About NPR Overview Connect Support Press Careers Podcast Directory Categories Shop Back News U.S. World Politics Business Technology Science Health Race & Culture Education Arts & Life Books Movies Pop Culture Food Art & Design Performing Arts Photography Music First Listen Songs We Love Music Articles Tiny Desk Videos More Our Blogs Corrections All About NPR Back News & Conversations Morning Edition All Things Considered Fresh Air Here & Now 1A Code Switch Embedded Latino USA NPR Politics Podcast On Point Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Youth Radio Storytelling & Humor Ask Me Another The Best Of Car Talk The Big Listen Bullseye Hidden Brain How I Built This Invisibilia Only A Game Planet Money Pop Culture Happy Hour Radio Ambulante StoryCorps TED Radio Hour Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me! Music First Listen All Songs Considered Songs We Love Tiny Desk Alt.Latino From The Top Jazz Night In America Metropolis Mountain Stage Piano Jazz The Thistle & Shamrock World Cafe More All Programs Podcast Directory NPR Podcasts Back Rock Pop Jazz Classical Hip-Hop R&B/Soul Folk Latin World Electronic/Dance Back First Listen Songs We Love All Songs Considered Reviews Music Videos Back Tiny Desk Live Concerts Field Recordings Studio Sessions Music Documentaries Music Videos Festival Recordings Back Articles Interviews Quizzes Music Lists Best Music of the Year Back Art & Design Arts & Entertainment Biography & Memoir Business & Economy Children's Books Comedy Comics & Graphic Novels Digital Culture Faith & Spirituality Food & Wine History & Society Historical Fiction Horror & Supernatural Literary Fiction Mystery & Thrillers Parenting & Families Poetry Politics & Public Affairs Romance Science Fiction & Fantasy Science & Health Sports Travel Young Adult Nonfiction Fiction Back Book Reviews This Week's Must Read My Guilty Pleasure Three Books... PG-13: Risky Reads You Must Read This Summer Books Best Books of the Year Back Overview Overview and History Mission and Vision Stations and Public Media NPR Finances People Ethics Awards Back Visit NPR NPR Presents Studio 1 Events Generation Listen Book a Speaker Request Permissions Ways to Listen NPR Extra Blog Email Newsletters Shop NPR Get Help Contact Us Back Support Public Radio Corporate Sponsorship Volunteer Back Releases and Statements Photos and Logos Fact Sheet (PDF) Media Relations Contacts Back Careers at NPR Search Jobs Culture Applying Interns Fellows Digital Back Arts Business Comedy Education Games & Hobbies Government & Organizations Health Kids & Family Music News & Politics Religion & Spirituality Science & Medicine Society & Culture Sports & Recreation Technology TV & Film Celebrating A Glorious Life Of Excess In 'A Really Big Lunch' Book Reviews Celebrating A Glorious Life Of Excess In 'A Really Big Lunch' Facebook Twitter Google+ Email March 29, 20177:00 AM ET Heller McAlpin A Really Big Lunch by Jim Harrison and Mario Batali Hardcover, 275 pages | purchase close overlay Buy Featured Book Title A Really Big Lunch Author Jim Harrison and Mario Batali Your purchase helps support NPR programming. How? Amazon Independent Booksellers Jim Harrison lived as he wrote, vividly. When his overtaxed heart finally gave out last year, he left a trail of 40 books, mainly fiction and poetry, in which he conveyed his untamed passions for booze, botany, sex, hunting, fishing and literature. His deep empathy for America's disenfranchised was matched by his overarching intolerance of small-minded "nit-wit authorities." He has been compared to Hemingway and Faulkner, and called the American Rabelais, a Mozart of the Prairie, and a force of nature. A Really Big Lunch, whose publication marks the first anniversary of Harrison's death, brings him roaring to the page again in all his unapologetic immoderacy, with spicy bon mots and salty language augmented by family photographs. These 47 rambling meditations on food, wine, writing, and aging first appeared between 1981 and 2015, in magazines from Smoke Signals and Brick to Kermit Lynch Wine Merchant. They are a sequel, of sorts, to The Raw and the Cooked: Adventures of a Roving Gourmand, published in 2001. The title essay, which gained a certain notoriety when it was published in The New Yorker in 2004, chronicles an outrageously over-the-top 37-course lunch in Burgundy, in which Harrison partook with gusto. The menu, culled from 17 cookbooks published between 1654 and 1823, included tart of calf's brain, stew of suckling pig and terrine of hare. Harrison acknowledges that it "likely cost as much as a new Volvo station wagon," but pushes back against critics hilariously: "My response to them is that none of us 12 disciples of gourmandise wanted a new Volvo. We wanted only lunch and since lunch lasted approximately 11 hours we saved money by not having to buy dinner. The defense rests." Harrison's writing is pungent. He's often a hoot, though frequently exhausting, too. Harrison's writing is pungent. He's often a hoot, though frequently exhausting, too. Writers, he says, "are isolated stockbrokers of life's essences, and it is always 1929." Preferring to mince garlic rather than words, he's scathing on American politics ("fraught with acute mental dysentery"), publishing ("that Walmart of words"), and the "bliss ninnies" or "body-Nazis" who cotton to what he calls the "Gandhi diet." Tofu, he comments, is "gustatory self-laceration." His tastes are defiantly carnivorous, and he goes after vegans and vegetarians with a sharpened steak knife. In "Eat Your Heart Out," the earliest and funniest essay in the book, he marks his turf: "A warning to certain of your left-leaning, spit-dribbling, eco-freak readers: I kill much of what I eat; ducks, quail, deer, grouse, woodcock, trout, salmon, bluegills, the lowly carp ... These people should know that technically speaking their bean sprouts scream when they are jerked out by their roots." Harrison's recipes are not for the delicate. "The rule of thumb," he writes, "is 'moderate to excess.'" He urges people to spend as much as they can on food and wine, because "what you choose to eat directly reflects the quality of your days." Just when I'm calculating how I could reduce the spices in his Pork Spareribs, Chicken, and Hot Italian Sausage by, say, 90 percent, I read: "Do not change or substitute! ... I've written a new novel called Warlock. You tamper with my recipes at your peril!" No wonder he's been called a food bully. Related NPR Stories The Two-Way Jim Harrison, 'Legends Of The Fall' Author, Dies At 78 Book Reviews Jim Harrison's Quixotic, Erotic Road Novel Jim Harrison's Legends of Lyrical Fiction Harrison, an impenitent chain-smoker, wine-guzzler, and over-eater, was not exactly a poster boy for healthy living. Much of the book chronicles his physical decline as his body responds to his "glorious life of excess" with Type 2 diabetes, gout, kidney stones, chronic shingles, and spondylolisthesis. Having to restrict his wine intake and epic walks near his homes in Montana and Arizona drive him "close to cashing out." Although pain and mortality may be sobering, his language is punch-drunk lively: "Only humor and humility allow you to endure life as a senior with its clear view of a mile-high, neon-lit exit sign," he writes. Describing one of his many pilgrimages to the graves of beloved writers, he calls the interred "dirt-nappers." Like the 2013 anthology of his wonderful novellas about Brown Dog, a charming Chippewa-Finnish woodsman, lecher, and philosophizing free spirit, this collection has not been edited for continuity, so repetitions abound. We read over and over again that Harrison's books have sold much better in France than America, that red wine is "liquid fuel," and that his dear friend Mario Batali makes heavenly lardo (the neck fat of a specially fed pig). The legendary 11-hour lunch grows to 12 hours and then 13, but is always accompanied by "just" 19 different wines. Reading this book straight through is not advised, unless you have the stamina of those gourmands at the really big lunch. But snacking on classic Harrisonisms like "I've never been the man I used to be" is deliciously filling. Facebook Twitter Google+ Email NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor Homepage News U.S. World Politics Business Technology Science Health Race & Culture Education Arts & Life Books Movies Pop Culture Food Art & Design Performing Arts Photography Music First Listen Songs We Love Music Articles Tiny Desk Videos Programs About NPR Overview NPR Finances People at NPR Support NPR Visit NPR Press Room NPR Extra Blog Careers at NPR Corrections NPR Ombudsman Permissions Help Contact Terms of Use Privacy Sponsorship Choices Text-Only
Wednesday, March 29, 2017 Login | Register   Menu NEWS AP News International National Columns Court News Features Friday Feature Spotlight Local News News Tip Line Newsmakers Opinion Editorials Letters To The Editors Submit A Letter Police Logs Community Columns Panther Valley Jim Thorpe Northern Lehigh Palmerton-Lehighton Tamaqua Poconos CLASSIFIEDS ENTERTAINMENT Event Calendar Local Entertainment Movie Review Penn's Peak TV Listings TV News n' Views LIFESTYLE Announcements Forms Engagement Announcement Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Wedding Announcement Features Food Seniors Healthy Geezer Comfort and Joy Down Syndrome Draw Your Dad Draw Your Mom OBITUARIES Submit Obituary SPORTS AP Sports Blog Local Sports Columns Features Football Outdoors Racing Youth/Recreation CUSTOMER SERVICE About Us Sister Companies Advertising Advertise With Us Things to Do Around Town eProofs Advertising Rate Cards MANSImedia.com Contact Us Feedback & Suggestions Job Opportunities Privacy/User Agreement Subscribe Manage Subscription CONTESTS SPORTS PHOTOS Tamaqua man took bank card Wednesday, March 29, 2017 A former Tuscarora man, now living in Tamaqua, faces charges after he used someone else’s bank card without permission. Michael George Machay, 30, of 407 Willing St., was visiting a home on Cherry Street on March 18 when he took the bank card out of someone’s coat pocket. He then used the card to make purchases at Walmart in Hometown and at Turkey Hill. The sales were all recorded by the stores. Machay was charged with four counts each of access device fraud, unauthorized use of an access device, credit card fraud and theft by deception; as well as five counts each of receiving stolen property and theft by unlawful taking. He is scheduled for a preliminary hearing before District Magisterial Judge Stephen Bayer, of Tamaqua, on May 2. Login or register to post comments PrintThis ShareThis American Flags Home News Classifieds Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Sports Customer Service About Us Advertise Digital Guidelines Privacy Policy Photos Reproduction is prohibited without the express written consent of the Times News, LLC. © 2017
Success Cafemom In the News Share This Story Parenting Lifestyle Entertainment News cafemom I'm Going to Tell You the Exhausting Truth About Raising 2 Kids Under 2 Top Story Parenting Lifestyle Entertainment News Community Featured Happy Healthy Baby Smart Start Real Tips Adventures in Parenting Tackling Toddlerhood Together Cold Weather Fun More + Follow Us About Privacy Terms Interest-Based Ads Contact Contribute Chicken Nuggets Included in Million-Pound Poultry Recall: What You Need to Know Liz Alterman Tuesday at 11:32 AM Share Tweet Pin iStock.com/HelpingHandPhotosWhen little kids turn up their noses at what you've made for dinner, there's typically one food that you can count on to keep them at the table and their tummies full: chicken nuggets. But a massive recall may take this staple off the menu, at least in the short-term. One million pounds of ready-to-eat breaded chicken has been recalled due to concerns that it may contain metal shards. Here's what you need to know. OK Foods Inc. is recalling 933,272 pounds of its breaded chicken products in fear that it may be contaminated with metal, the US Department of Agriculture's Food Safety and Inspection Service announced.  More from CafeMom: Mom Who Packed Her Son 2 Lunches Had No Clue Her Little Boy Is a Hero The shards are believed to have come from a metal conveyor belt. Five separate complaints from consumers sparked the recall. While there haven't been any adverse reactions reported thus far, no parent ever wants to put a child at risk. Here are the facts... What, where, and when: The affected products include chicken patties, fries, fillets, and the popular nuggets. They were sold throughout the US at retailers, including Walmart stores, between December 19, 2016, and March 7, 2017, under the brand names: Farmington, SmartFoods4Schools, and Great Value. How they're marked: Items in question are marked with "P-7092" on packaging inside the USDA inspection mark. The USDA has released a full list of the recalled items and their labels. What you should do: If you've got these products in your fridge or freezer, you're advised to either toss them or return them for a full refund. Consumers with questions are advised to contact Abby Brown at (479) 312-2409. If you or your kids have consumed these and are concerned about possible illness, see your health-care provider.  More from CafeMom: School Lunch Debts Are Being Eliminated & We Have a Movement of People to Thank Chicken is definitely a beloved go-to food for most parents because it's quick, it's convenient, and kids universally adore the taste of the nuggets, which often come in fun shapes. When all else fails, chances are you can convince a kid to at least have a few of these and you'll feel a bit better that they're getting some protein.  Consumers with concerns can call the toll-free USDA Meat and Poultry Hotline 1-888-MPHotline (1-888-674-6854). Assistance is available in English and Spanish from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. (Eastern Time) Monday through Friday. Read More food safety, in the news, kid-friendly, recall Share this Story Share Tweet Pin COMMENTS Related Articles Politics & Views 10 States Women Should Move To -- & 10 We Should Run From Politics & Views This Giant Breast Tried to Stop People From Being Boobs About... Get the latest from CafeMom directly to your inbox Subscribe Please enter a valid email address. Piping Hot 01. I'm Going to Tell You the Exhausting Truth About Raising Two Kids... 02. Kids Are Being Tricked into Watching Twisted Videos Disguised as... 03. Mila Kunis Makes Her Post-Baby Debut & Talks Life as a Mom of 2 04. Bar Refaeli Announces 2nd Pregnancy 6 Months After Giving Birth 05. Daddy-Daughter Dances Have No Place in 2017 06. High School Posts Sexist Flyers Showing What 'Good Girls' Wear to Prom 07. 15 Creative Cake Smash Alternatives for Baby’s 1st Birthday 08. 10 States Women Should Move To -- & 10 We Should Run From 09. Dad Prevents Massive School Shooting by Turning in His Own Daughter 10. 'Worst Mom Ever' Shares the 1 Big Mistake We Make With Our Sons 11. Muddy Maternity Shoot Embraces the Beautiful Mess That Is Motherhood 12. All the Ways Public School Moms & Kids Could Get Screwed by... all piping hot Follow us About PrivacyPrivacy TermsTerms Interest-based Ads Interest-based AdsInterest-based Ads Contact Contribute ©2016 CMI Marketing. Inc. All Rights Reserved. Part of the CafeMedia family Cafemom Revelist Mamáslatinas Vivala Baby Name Wizard Cafemedia Studios Cafemom close in 2 seconds Get the latest from CafeMom in your Inbox Sign Up Please enter a valid email address Thanks! You've signed up for MomTalk #nofilter! sponsored content
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Thursday, March 30, 2017, 2:01 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / News / Arkansas / Online-sales-tax measure gets 3rd strike from Arkansas panel By Michael R. Wickline This article was published March 29, 2017 at 4:30 a.m. Comments (10) aAFont Size PHOTO BY STEPHEN B. THORNTON “If we want our brick-and-mortar stores to go out of business and not pay property taxes and not hire local people, this is a good way to do that,” Rep. Dan Douglas said after the vote, saying the bill “is dead.” READ MORE: 91st General Assembly State Reps. Dan Douglas (center) and Rep. Charlie Collins (second from left) talk with fellow members of the House Revenue and Taxation Committee duri... A bill aimed at persuading out-of-state companies to collect taxes on their sales to Arkansans and pay the money to the state failed to clear the House Revenue and Taxation Committee on Tuesday for the third time in the past month and a half. The committee's 9-6 vote on Senate Bill 140 by Sen. Jake Files, R-Fort Smith, fell two votes short of the 11 required for approval on the 20-member committee. Five committee members didn't vote. The vote came after the panel missed approving a proposal by House Democratic leader Michael John Gray to earmark some of the projected revenue. His amendment failed 9-7 with four members not voting. Gray, of Augusta, proposed earmarking $25 million for rural fire and police protection grants, after-school grants and pre-kindergarten programs, and to reduce the list of developmentally disabled people awaiting services. SB140 would require the Arkansas Tax Reform and Relief Legislative Task Force to review the amount of money raised and recommend to lawmakers how to use the funds, including reducing income tax rates or funding programs. State officials have said they don't know how much the state would collect under the bill. The House tax committee is comprised of 10 Democrats and 10 Republicans, while the House is comprised of 76 Republicans and 24 Democrats. SB140 is backed by Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and the Arkansas Homefurnishing Association, while it's opposed by the Americans for Prosperity and Conduit for Action groups. After Tuesday's meeting, the bill's House sponsor, Rep. Dan Douglas, R-Bentonville, said the bill "is dead." "It's really disgusting to me that the members of the General Assembly do not care about fairness in our taxes in the state of Arkansas. We have committed every one of our in-state brick-and-mortar retailers to an unfair disadvantage by allowing these online retailers not to collect and remit sales tax," he told reporters. "If we want our brick-and-mortar stores to go out of business and not pay property taxes and not hire local people, this is a good way to do that," Douglas said. But Gray said that "to many outside the Capitol building, this is seen as a tax increase. "People are posting things online, not paying taxes and see it as an increase," he told reporters. "So if we are going to go back to our people and try to explain why this is not a tax increase, why they should have been paying it all along, we've got to go back and say, 'Here's what you are paying for.'" Gray said he respects retailers' argument that rejecting this bill perpetuates unfair competition with online sellers. Four days after the Senate approved SB140, Amazon announced Feb. 10 that it would collect taxes on its sales to Arkansans beginning March 1 and remit the money to Arkansas state government. During the committee's meeting, Rep. Charlie Collins, R-Fayetteville, said Amazon founder Jeff Bezos "didn't get to be the third-richest person in the country collecting taxes that were not due, so any notion that this is a tax increase and not a tax enforcement action is balderdash. "There are many priorities for the money. Some people think highway funding. Some people think pre-K. Some people think tax cuts. All wonderful ideas. There is no way to divide the pieces if you don't have the pie," he told his colleagues. Douglas said SB140 mirrors a South Dakota law now before that state's Supreme Court and that ultimately will be before the U.S. Supreme Court. SB140 states the U.S. Supreme Court should reconsider its doctrine that prevents states from requiring remote sellers to collect use taxes -- sales taxes on goods and services delivered for in-state use -- and "it is necessary for this state to pass a law clarifying its immediate intent to require collection of sales and use taxes by remote sellers and permitting the most expeditious possible review of the constitutionality of this law." But Josh Waters, an attorney who represents the Conduit for Action, a conservative business group, urged lawmakers to vote against SB140. "To pass a law hoping the U.S. Supreme Court is going to maybe a year from now change the law, I don't think that is the right way to go about this," he said. "I think it is very clear that this is unconstitutional and this would serve as a test case when we already know in South Dakota there is a test case going forward." SB140 would require out-of-state companies without a physical presence in Arkansas to collect sales and use taxes based on its sales to Arkansans if the seller's gross revenue from sales subject to the state's sales and use taxes exceeds $100,000 or the seller had at least $100,000 in transactions subject to the state's sales and use taxes in the previous calendar year or the current calendar year. If these companies don't collect these taxes and remit them to the state, SB140 would require them to report each year to the state Department of Finance and Administration the name and address of each of their Arkansas purchasers and the total amount paid by each Arkansas purchaser to them, and provide notice to each Arkansas purchaser that the information has been provided to the finance department. A Section on 03/29/2017 Print Headline: Online-sales-tax measure gets 3rd strike from panel Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Arkansas Bill requiring pharmacists in Arkansas pot di... OBITUARY: Arkansas dentist gave care on 22 mi... Rare move sends amendment idea to floor of Ar... 6 Arkansas death row inmates sue, say clemenc... Online-sales-tax measure gets 3rd strike from... Arkansas governor: Revenue dip likely Little Rock police, fire officers honored in ... Bill to limit records law fails to pass in Ar... Pulaski County Special School District: No 20... More Arkansas stories > Comments on: Online-sales-tax measure gets 3rd strike from Arkansas panel To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. Displaying 1 - 10 of 10 total comments RBear says... March 29, 2017 at 5:11 a.m. This is where our conservative lawmakers just can't understand the business impact of such a move and become persuaded by an anti-tax group. As Gray and others have pointed out, it hurts those retailers who decide to have an economic presence in our state and contribute to the state's economy. This is NOT a tax increase. It's about fairness in taxation. All I can say is that the dumb bubbas in the legislature had their day. ( permalink | suggest removal ) RBear says... March 29, 2017 at 7:14 a.m. Ah, I needed to read further into this article. Gray and some of this Democrats went along with conservative Republicans to kill this bill. The conservatives were under the mantra of "killing a tax" that actually should be collected in purist forms. Some of the Democrats on the committee killed it because they couldn't earmark the funds. Honestly, to create a fair economic environment in our state Democrats should have given up on that fight and moved with those in favor. Looks like Rep. Sabin and a few other Democrats were on the right side of this argument. ( permalink | suggest removal ) Whippersnapper says... March 29, 2017 at 10:03 a.m. The law is unconstitutional. The US Supreme Court already said so. The state of Arkansas and Walmart can whine all they want, and the funny thing is that democrats who whine about "wasting money" with new abortion bills that may or may not be unconstitutional whine because the legislature refused to pass this bill that was clearly unconstitutional. ( permalink | suggest removal ) hlair08290721 says... March 29, 2017 at 10:11 a.m. Effective July 1, 2013, the State Use Tax rate is the same as the Sales Tax rate, 6.500%. In addition, you are required to remit the city and/or county tax for where the items are first delivered in Arkansas. A list of tax rates for cities and counties may be obtained from the Sales Tax Office. Although there has been much discussion on leveling the playing field, there's a failure With today's technology to track point of delivery, for tax distribution purposes. Any Internet company has that information, otherwise customer would not receive order. Current sales tax increases were created by state and community needs. Those increases were partially caused by the failure to collect internet taxes. So what's missing in the discussion are the reduction of state and local sales tax offset through collection of internet taxes. When legislators look at Internet sales tax collection as a windfall, and not as ways to reduce current rates first, most will view it as paying more taxes. ( permalink | suggest removal ) NoUserName says... March 29, 2017 at 10:30 a.m. This proves it was nothing more than a Walmart driven attempt to get Amazon to collect taxes. Now that Amazon does, passing the law doesn't matter. ( permalink | suggest removal ) HarleyOwner says... March 29, 2017 at 11:36 a.m. Even if the law were to pass, I would still buy off the internet. So, that still wouldn't benefit Arkansas stores. ( permalink | suggest removal ) RBear says... March 29, 2017 at 12:09 p.m. Whippernapper, maybe you need to learn to use Google a little more. SCOTUS sided late last year with Colorado's "Amazon Law" by allowing the law to stand. That law allows the state to collect sales tax from out-of-state retailers. So I think if a case made it to the Supreme Court, it would overturn Quill v. North Dakota. Regardless, other states are starting to see ways around Quill that meet the conditions of Due Process and Commerce, allowing them to collect sales tax. ... hlair, that argument is just ludicrous and part of the weird anti-tax rhetoric. Sales taxes are just that, a tax on the sale of goods or services to a consumer who is a resident of the state. Why should there be an offset with current taxes? Without the Internet, the good or service would be sold anyway to the consumer. Nice try, but your argument doesn't stand enough of the logic of the matter. ( permalink | suggest removal ) NoUserName says... March 29, 2017 at 12:26 p.m. Actually, the Colorado law didn't require retailers to collect sales taxes. ( permalink | suggest removal ) Whippersnapper says... March 29, 2017 at 12:48 p.m. Rbear - letting a law stand without hearing it is not the same as making a decision. The Supreme Court has shown itself unwilling to hear lots of cases because they only have 8 justices. Not only that, but the law did NOT mandate the collection of taxes (as Arkansas' proposed law did). Until the Quill precedent is overturned, Arkansas' proposed law is unconstitutional. ( permalink | suggest removal ) RBear says... March 29, 2017 at 1:41 p.m. Whippersnapper, actually it does provide context for constitutionality. As has been the case, SCOTUS typically does not hear cases where it does not see conflict with the Constitution, hearing the case only when a circuit split occurs. In other words, they take the approach of letting the circuit decisions shape the law rather than playing a heavy handed model. Such was the case with same-sex until the Sixth Circuit created the circuit split. ... Regardless, Amazon is going forward with collection and that's a huge chunk of change fo Arkansas to work with. BTW, never said Colorado required, but it allowed the collection to occur. ( permalink | suggest removal ) page 1 To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Arkansas governor signs 'sex-selection' abortion ban bill (4 comments) POLL: 2 Arkansas school boards to cease praying (147 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: What matters: Headlines (54 comments) Arkansas House votes to call porn a health crisis (15 comments) Guns in stadiums would devastate programs (14 comments) When essential isn't (9 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  

Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 March 2017 by Military News ICTV Brands, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter 2016 Financial Results /EINPresswire.com/ — WAYNE, PA–(Marketwired – Mar 28, 2017) – ICTV Brands, Inc. (OTCQX: ICTV), (CSE: ITV), a digitally focused direct response marketing and international branding company focused on the health, wellness and beauty sector, today reported financial results for the three months and year ended December 31, 2016. Fourth Quarter 2016 Highlights: Positive cash flows from operations of approximately $283K, increasing cash from year end to approximately $1.4M. Positive Adjusted EBITDA of approximately $190,000, excluding non-cash stock-based compensation. Expanded our digital marketing platform to include listings on www.target.com and www.cvs.com in Q4. In January 2017, we completed the transformative acquisition of PhotoMedex, Inc. and Ermis Labs, Inc. Brick and Mortar retail sales of approximately $180,000. Management Commentary: Richard Ransom, President, stated, „I speak on behalf of all ICTV employees when I say that I am incredibly proud of the hard work we have accomplished during the year, and during the fourth quarter in particular. The close of a fiscal year is a time to reflect upon the progress that has been made on the execution of the Company’s strategic plan, while at the same time resetting goals and targets for the year ahead. As I reflect back to the end of 2015, I see a very different ICTV than the Company that exists today. Major accomplishments during the year include: 1) Re-positioning ICTV as a multi-channel digital media and e-commerce platform. 2) Expansion of sales distribution channels across geography, online partnerships as well as traditional brick & mortar. Over the course of 2016, ICTV was able to establish vendor accounts with several major US and Canada retailers in addition to Bed Bath & Beyond including Walmart, Kohl’s, Target, and Costco Canada, just to name a few. 3) Taking 100% ownership of DermaWand, which will have a positive immediate and longer-term impact on gross margins, overall profitability, and control of the global brand. 4) The transformative acquisitions that closed in January 2017, which give ICTV a much larger revenue scale, expanded geographic footprint and strategic relationships, all of which will contribute to significant shareholder value over time.” „As we look ahead to 2017, I have never been more excited about the opportunity that lies in front of our global team. We have already made substantial progress integrating the acquisitions, and will continue this progress during the current quarter. Taking into account the impact of our recent acquisitions, we expect our revenue in 2017 to more than double from the $16.8 million we reported in 2016. I would also like to thank our exceptional team for the effort they have put forth over the last several months to make these acquisitions and the integration process go as smoothly as it has thus far.” Reported Financial Results: Fourth Quarter 2016 Compared to Fourth Quarter 2015: Revenues for the three months ended December 31, 2016 were approximately $4.3 million, compared to approximately $4.4 million for the three months ended December 31, 2015. Gross profit margin was 70% in the fourth quarter 2016 compared to 67% in the prior year quarter. The increase in gross margin percentage is mainly attributable ICTV’s 100% ownership of the DermaWand brand, which eliminates the payment of royalties going forward, and results in higher gross margin to the company. Total operating expenses decreased to approximately $3.1 million from approximately $3.5 million during the fourth quarter of 2016. When comparing the fourth quarter of 2016 to 2015, which is a reflection of a mix shift away from TV based media advertising, towards an omni-channel digital media and e-commerce platform.  Net loss for the fourth quarter was approximately ($45,000), compared to a net loss of approximately ($582,000) in the prior year quarter. The resulting EPS is ($0.00), as compared to ($0.02) in the comparable quarter a year earlier. Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (Adjusted EBITDA) was approximately $190,000 as compared to loss of approximately ($454,000).  Year Ended December 31, 2016 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2015: Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2016 were approximately $16.8 million, compared to approximately $24.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. The primary driver of the decline in sales was generated by the aforementioned decrease in media related expenditures and a decline in international third party distributor revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2016, international third party distributor sales revenue for the DermaWand decreased from approximately $5.3 million to approximately $4.3 million. Our international third party distributor revenue is impacted by timing of shipments at period end, currency fluctuations as well as seasonality. Our international third party distributor revenue is impacted by timing of shipments at period end, currency fluctuations and the appreciation of the U.S. dollar, as well as scheduling considerations with our distributors’ end customers. The decrease is primarily due to a decline in sales from our third party distributor customer located in France, Novellia, which were approximately $876,000 for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to approximately $1.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. In addition, sales from the Latino Media Services (LMS) group comprised of distributors from Chile, Argentina, Peru, Colombia, El Salvador, and Ecuador decreased to approximately $1.2 million in 2016 compared to approximately $1.3 million in the prior year. Offsetting the decrease in sales from Novellia and the LMS, was an increase of sales from Inova to approximately $1.2 million in 2016 from approximately $1.0 million in the prior year. Total general and administrative expenses decreased to approximately $4.3 million from approximately $5.4 million in the prior year, as a result of various improvements in expense management. Examples include bad debt expense being lower by approximately $451,000, share based compensation being lower by approximately $195,000, consulting expenses being lower by approximately $87,000, and travel expenditure being lower by approximately $149,000.  Total selling and marketing expenses decreased to approximately $8.5 million from approximately $12.4 million in the prior year. Significant decreases include media expenditure decrease of approximately $2.9 million, customer service decreases of approximately $511,000, answering service decreases of approximately $397,000, and merchant fee decreases of approximately $196,000. Partially offsetting the decrease was an increase in digital marketing expenses to approximately $1.3 million from approximately $906,000 in the prior year.  Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2016 was approximately ($1.0 million), compared to a net loss of approximately ($1.4 million) in the year ended December 31, 2015. The resulting EPS loss is ($0.04), as compared to an EPS loss ($0.06) in the year ended December 31, 2015. Adjusted EBITDA loss was approximately ($268,000) as compared to approximately ($768,000) for year ended December 31, 2015.  Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2016 As of December 31, 2016, the Company had approximately $1.4 million in cash and cash equivalents and approximately $1.3 million in working capital compared to approximately $1.3 million and approximately $2.3 million in the prior year. Additionally, the Company believes that our current cash will be sufficient to meet the anticipated cash needs for working capital for at least the next twelve months. Additional working capital was added to our balance sheet subsequent to December 31, 2016, as part of the recently closed acquisitions and related financing, the details of which have been previously disclosed and are available in our public SEC filings. Conference Call ICTV will hold a conference call to discuss the Company’s fourth quarter 2016 results and answer questions today, March 28, 2017, beginning at 4:30pm EDT. The call will be open to the public and will have a corporate update presented by ICTV’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Kelvin Claney, President, Richard Ransom and Chief Financial Officer, Ernest P. Kollias, Jr, followed by a question and answer period. The live conference call can be accessed by dialing (877) 876-9177 or (785) 424-1666. Participants are recommended to dial-in approximately 10 minutes prior to the start of the event. A replay of the call will be available approximately two hours after completion through April 11, 2017. To listen to the replay, dial (800) 695-0715 (domestic) or (402) 220-1423 (international). The conference call transcript will be posted to the Company’s corporate website (http://www.ictvbrands.com) for those who are unable to attend the live call. ICTV Brands, Inc. ICTV Brands, Inc. sells primarily health, beauty and wellness products as well as various consumer products through a multi-channel distribution strategy. ICTV utilizes a distinctive marketing strategy and multi-channel distribution model to develop, market and sell products through, including direct response television, or DRTV, digital marketing campaigns, live home shopping, traditional retail and e-commerce market places, and our international third party distributor network. Its products are sold in the North America and are available in over 65 countries. Its products include DermaWand, a skin care device that reduces the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, and helps improve skin tone and texture, DermaVital, a professional quality skin care line that effects superior hydration, the CoralActives brand of acne treatment and skin cleansing products, and Derma Brilliance, a sonic exfoliation skin care system which helps reduce visible signs of aging, Jidue, a facial massager device which helps alleviate stress, and Good Planet Super Solution, a multi-use cleaning agent. On January 23, 2017, we acquired several new brands, through the PhotoMedex and Ermis Labs acquisitions and have begun (or, will shortly begin) marketing and selling the following new products; no!no!® Hair, a home use hair removal device; no!no!® Skin, a home use device that uses light and heat to calm inflammation and kill bacteria in pores to treat acne; no!no!® Face Trainer, a home use mask that supports a series of facial exercises; no!no!® Glow, a home use device that uses light and heat energy to treat skin; Made Ya Look, a heated eyelash curler; no!no!® Smooth Skin Care, an array of skin care products developed to work with the devices to improve the treated skin; Kyrobak®, a home use device for the treatment of non-specific lower back pain; ClearTouch®, a home use device for the safe and efficient treatment of nail fungus; and Ermis Labs acne treatment cleansing bars. ICTV Brands, Inc. was founded in 1998 and is headquartered in Wayne, Pennsylvania. For more information on our current initiatives, please visit www.ictvbrands.com.  Non-GAAP Financial Information Adjusted EBITDA is defined as income from continuing operations before depreciation, amortization, interest expense, interest income, and stock-based compensation. Adjusted EBITDA is not intended to replace operating income, net income, cash flow or other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Rather, Adjusted EBITDA is an important measure used by management to assess the operating performance of the Company. Adjusted EBITDA as defined here may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies due to differences in accounting policies.  The following tables present a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure of Adjusted EBITDA to the GAAP financial measures of net income and net cash provided by operating activities, respectively. Adjusted EBITDA Reconciliation   (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)     For the three months ended     For the years ended     December 31, 2016     December 31, 2015     December 31, 2016     December 31, 2015                                     Net loss, as reported $ (44,897 )   $ (582,070 )   $ (996,344 )   $ (1,387,571 )     Interest expense (income), net   3,076       (327 )     13,587       (657 )     Depreciation and amortization   74,708       2,076       298,558       8,306       Share based compensation expense   157,204       125,978       416,532       611,557     Adjusted EBITDA $ 190,091     $ (454,343 )   $ (267,667 )   $ (768,365 )                                 Forward-Looking Statements Forward-Looking Statements. This press release contains „forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the „Exchange Act”) (which Sections were adopted as part of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995). Statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words „believe,” „anticipate,” „estimate,” „expect,” „intend,” „plan,” „project,” „prospects,” „outlook,” and similar words or expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as „will,” „should,” „would,” „may,” and „could” are generally forward-looking in nature and not historical facts. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the Company’s actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any anticipated results, performance or achievements. The Company disclaims any intention to, and undertakes no obligation to, revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, a future event, or otherwise. For additional risks and uncertainties that could impact the Company’s forward-looking statements, please see the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, including but not limited to the discussion under „Risk Factors” therein, which the Company has filed with the SEC and which may be viewed at http://www.sec.gov. — Financial Statement Schedules follow —     ICTV BRANDS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES       CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015         2016     2015               ASSETS               CURRENT ASSETS:                 Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,390,641     $ 1,334,302     Accounts receivable, net of $123,109 and $118,653, respectively   506,337       301,726     Inventories, net   1,499,270       2,205,726     Prepaid expenses and other current assets   254,303       417,057       Total current assets   3,650,551       4,258,811                     Furniture and equipment   74,098       72,008     Less accumulated depreciation   (58,099 )     (50,492 )     Furniture and equipment, net   15,999       21,516                       Other Asset   872,864       –                       Total assets $ 4,539,414     $ 4,280,327                   LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY               CURRENT LIABILITIES:                 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities $ 1,644,899     $ 1,516,250     Severance payable – short-term   –       45,995     Deferred revenue – short-term   377,445       444,066     Other liabilities – current   288,525       –     Total current liabilities   2,310,869       2,006,311                     Deferred revenue – long-term   274,374       405,746     Other liabilities – long-term   665,713       –     Total long-term liabilities   940,087       405,746                   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES                               SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY:                 Preferred stock 20,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding   –       –     Common stock, $0.001 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized, 28,343,007 and 28,027,012 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively   18,132       17,816     Additional paid-in-capital   11,546,804       11,130,588     Accumulated deficit   (10,276,487 )     (9,280,134 )   Total shareholders’ equity   1,288,458       1,868,270                   Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity $ 4,539,414     $ 4,280,327   See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements as filed on www.sec.gov.         ICTV BRANDS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS         (Unaudited)           For the three months ended     For the years ended     December 31, 2016     December 31, 2015     December 31, 2016     December 31, 2015                                   NET SALES $ 4,317,470     $ 4,356,357     $ 16,788,736     $ 24,096,169                                   COST OF SALES   1,299,919       1,451,389       4,998,682       7,675,264                                   GROSS PROFIT   3,017,551       2,904,968       11,790,054       16,420,905                                   OPERATING EXPENSES:                               General and administrative   1,181,688       1,132,220       4,258,177       5,380,819   Selling and marketing   1,877,684       2,355,145       8,514,634       12,428,314   Total operating expenses   3,059,372       3,487,365       12,772,811       17,809,133                                   OPERATING LOSS   (41,821 )     (582,397 )     (982,757 )     (1,388,228 )                                 INTEREST (EXPENSE) INCOME, NET   (3,076 )     327       13,587       657                                   LOSS BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAX   (44,897 )     (582,070 )     (996,344 )     (1,387,521 )                                 PROVISION (BENEFIT) FOR INCOME TAX   –       –       –       –                                   NET LOSS $ (44,897 )   $ (582,070 )   $ (996,344 )   $ (1,387,571 )                                 NET LOSS PER SHARE                               BASIC $ (0.00 )   $ (0.02 )   $ (0.04 )   $ (0.06 ) DILUTED $ (0.00 )   $ (0.02 )   $ (0.04 )   $ (0.06 )                                 WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES                               BASIC   28,301,389       26,964,741       28,213,675       24,979,067   DILUTED   28,301,389       26,964,741       28,213,675       24,979,067                                   See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements as filed on www.sec.gov.         ICTV BRANDS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015         2016     2015                   CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:                 Net loss $ (996,344 )   $ (1,387,571 )   Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash and cash equivalents provided by (used in) operating activities:                   Depreciation   7,607       8,306       Bad debt expense   920,929       1,371,797       Share based compensation   416,532       611,557       Non cash interest expense   15,423       –       Amortization of other asset   290,951       –     Change in assets and liabilities:                   Accounts receivable   (1,125,540 )     (725,509 )     Inventories   706,456       (227,725 )     Prepaid expenses and other current assets   162,754       193,460       Accounts payable and accrued liabilities   128,649       (1,066,686 )     Severance payable   (45,995 )     (1,005 )     Deferred revenue   (197,993 )     (291,445 )       Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities   283,429       (1,514,821 )                 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:                 Purchase of furniture and equipment   (2,090 )     –         Net cash used in investing activities   (2,090 )     –                   CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:                 Payments on purchase agreement   (225,000 )     –     Proceeds from exercise of options   –       91,640     Proceeds from exercise of warrants   –       112,500     Proceeds from issuance of common stock   –       1,000,000     Release collateral on line of credit   –       500,000         Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities   (225,000 )     1,704,140                   NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS   56,339       189,319   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of the year   1,334,302       1,144,983                   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of the year $ 1,390,641     $ 1,334,302                   SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:                 Taxes paid $ –     $ 50     Interest paid   –       –                   SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH ACTIVITIES:                 Cashless Exercise $ 48,378     $ 20,910     DermaWand Asset Purchase Agreement $ 1,200,000     $ –                   See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements as filed on www.sec.gov. CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, front, general, Geography, Health, Home and Garden, kill, major, Markets, mortar, officer, private, section, service, Travel, TV, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Document Security Systems, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2016 Financial Results Next PostNext Apple AirPods are now available Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
OK Food recalling nearly a million pounds of breaded chicken - Cleveland 19 News Cleveland, OH Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Cultivating Cleveland Must See Stories CLE43 Focus Text Alerts Traffic Maps Seen on 19 News Cleveland 19 Investigative Unit National/Int'l News State News Editorials with Erik Schrader Trending Stories Weather List | School Closings Download First Alert weather app Interactive Radar Sports Tailgate 19 Fifth Quarter On the Mark Tony Zarrella's Z Files Sports Slideshows Cleveland Browns VIDEO Your Health Health Headlines Lifebanc: Organ Donation News Spot the Signs: Opioid Crisis Your Money Cleveland Now Partners Find Cheap Gas Near You! Recalls About Us Meet the Team Internships & Shadowing Cleveland 19 Careers Get our apps Editorials with Erik Schrader What's on Cleveland 19? Contests Cleveland open casting calls Management Advertise OK Food recalling nearly a million pounds of breaded chicken 2017-03-28T20:28:34Z2017-03-28T20:28:34Z By Live 5 News Web Staff Email Connect allwcscdigitalcontent@raycommedia.com Some of the products being recalled CHARLESTON, SC (WCSC) - OK Food is recalling nearly a million pounds of breaded chicken after people found metal objects in their food. The manufacturer sells the chicken under several brand names including Walmart's Great Value.  The ready-to-eat (RTE) breaded chicken items were produced on various dates from Dec. 19, 2016 through March 7, 2017.  According to the USDA, the problem was discovered on March 21, 2017 after OK Foods Inc. received five consumer complaints stating that metal objects were found in the ready-to-eat chicken products and by FSIS inspection personnel during verification activities. "After an internal investigation, the firm identified the affected product and determined that the objects in all the complaints came from metal conveyor belting," USDA officials said.  A full list of recalled products can be found below:  Copyright 2017 WCSC. All rights reserved.  Seen on 19Seen on 19More>> April the Giraffe Giraffe watch: Countdown to calf has begun Giraffe watch: Countdown to calf has begun Updated: Wednesday, March 29 2017 11:30 PM EDT2017-03-30 03:30:56 GMT April's pregnancy continues, but keepers promise we are "getting there."More >> April's pregnancy continues, but keepers promise we are "getting there."More >> OK Food recalling nearly a million pounds of breaded chicken OK Food recalling nearly a million pounds of breaded chicken Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 4:28 PM EDT2017-03-28 20:28:34 GMT OK Food is recalling nearly a million pounds of breaded chicken after people found metal objects in their food. More >> OK Food is recalling nearly a million pounds of breaded chicken after people found metal objects in their food.More >> Lenten Fish Fry Locations Lenten Fish Fry Locations Posted: Tuesday, February 7 2017 12:44 PM EST2017-02-07 17:44:06 GMT Updated: Friday, March 24 2017 3:44 PM EDT2017-03-24 19:44:43 GMT With the Lenten season upon us, many parishes are offering special meals, including the ever popular fish fry dinner. More >> With the Lenten season upon us, many parishes are offering special meals, including the ever popular fish fry dinner. More >> PHOTOS: Home condemned after veteran's corpse found, trio arrested PHOTOS: Home condemned after veteran's corpse found, trio arrested Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 7:21 AM EDT2017-03-23 11:21:40 GMT Source: WOIO Authorities in Tuscarawas County arrested three people Wednesday after searching a home and finding a body.More >> Authorities in Tuscarawas County arrested three people Wednesday after searching a home and finding a body.More >> How to get the Pope’s hat without stealing it in 3 Not-So-Easy steps How to get the Pope’s hat without stealing it in 3 Not-So-Easy steps Updated: Wednesday, March 22 2017 1:50 PM EDT2017-03-22 17:50:19 GMT Pope Francis in Cologno al Serio, Italy, October 4, 2013. (Source: Piergiorgio Pescali/CNN iReport) A little 3-year-old girl charmed the world by trying to steal the pope’s skull cap, called a zucchetto.   More >> A little 3-year-old girl charmed the world by trying to steal the pope’s skull cap, called a zucchetto.  More >>    SpecialStay InformedMore>> Text Alerts Text Alerts Get emails and text alerts for breaking news, severe weather and more.More >> Get emails and text alerts for breaking news, severe weather and more.More >> Download: Cleveland 19 Apps Get our apps News and weather apps for iPhone, Android, Blackberry and tablets.More >> Can't Find Something? 1717 E. 12th Street Cleveland, OH 44114 (216) 771-1943 FCC Public File publicfile@woio.com (216) 367-7535 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Sections News Buy Photos Obituaries Archives Vietnam Revisited Most Wanted Meet the Police Above and Beyond Submit News Tips Cops and Courts Past 7 days Stocks and Finance Blogs Lost Photos Mommy Mentions Building Bookshelves Sports Penn State Golf Nascar Outdoors Past 7 days Opinion Thunder/Enlightning Past 7 Days People Games Lottery TV Listings Gas Prices Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Data Center School Databases Driving Pledge Schuylkill Living Magazine Latest Issue of SLM Advertise in SLM Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Customer Service Contact Us Submit News Tips Manage my subscription Birthday Form Become a Carrier NIE e-Edition Calendar Subscribe UNLIMITED ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Pottsville Republican Herald Unlimited Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital e-Edition of The Republican Herald on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at republicanherald.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device, read the e-Edition sign up for daily newsletters, activate your unlimited access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Opinion • People • Obituaries • Photos • e-Edition • Classifieds • Marketplace Police log, March 29, 2017 POLL Have you ever had a Centiole's pizza? Yes No Show results This poll is not scientific and is meant for entertainment purposes. You could win a $100 gift card to Roma Pizzeria & Restaurant! You could win FREE groceries! Play the 2017 College Basketball Bracket Challenge Sponsored by Dottery's Heating & Air Conditioning Staff Reports / Published: March 29, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     Man sought for assaulting woman PINE GROVE — State police at Schuylkill Haven are looking for a man who allegedly assaulted a woman Thursday in Washington Township. Trooper Daniel Phillips said William Hopkins, 46, of Summit Station, is wanted for an incident that occurred at 7:15 p.m. at 1090 Deturksville Road. Hopkins and the 46-year-old victim were arguing in a vehicle and going west on the road. Hopkins began striking the victim, who then stopped the vehicle but turned onto Deturksville Road. The woman attempted to get out of the car while Hokins was pulling her hair to keep her inside, police said. A driver in the area noticed the incident and went to help the woman. Upon arriving at the scene, the motorist noticed both Hopkins and the victim were outside the vehicle. Hopkins was hitting the woman on the ground, police said. The motorist helped the woman by forcefully pulling Hopkins off her, police said. Hopkins fled the area on foot prior to state police arriving on scene. There is an active arrest warrant for Hopkins regarding this incident. Anyone with information should contact state police at Schuylkill Haven at 570-739-1330. Shenandoah man charged for assault WILLIAM PENN — A man surrendered Friday stemming from a Feb. 25 incident in this West Mahanoy Township village. State police at Frackville said they obtained an arrest warrant for Michael C. Linkchorst, 36, of Shenandoah, charging him with aggravated assault, resisting arrest and harassment. Police said that on Feb. 25 Linkchorst combatively confronted state police after they were called for a disturbance requiring him to be subdued. On Friday, Linkchorst was arraigned by Magisterial District Judge Anthony J. Kilker, Shenandoah, and released on unsecured bail since the voluntarily appeared and surrendered on the warrant, police said. Police release crash information MINERSVILLE — A Port Carbon man was injured when the 2000 Dodge Durango he was driving crashed about 9:15 p.m. Monday on Route 901, just south of Upper Beechwood Road in Foster Township. State police at Schuylkill Haven said Kevin J. Kennedy was driving north when he failed to follow a right curve, crossed over the center line and then southbound lanes before going off of the road and hitting a large rock and an embankment. After hitting the embankment, the SUV rolled over and came to a stop on its right side against a tree, police said. Minersville and Pottsville firefighters extricated Kennedy from his vehicle and he was taken to a Pottsville hospital for treatment. Police said that DUI charges are pending against Kennedy pending the conclusion of the investigation. Traffic stop nets drug charges A Pottsville man was jailed on drug charges after Pottsville police on patrol conducted a traffic stop for a Vehicle Code violation about 1:10 a.m. Saturday in the 1800 block of West Market Street. During the investigation, police said a passenger in the vehicle — Timothy Ebert, 22 — was in possession of a prohibited offensive weapon. A subsequent search revealed that inside Ebert’s backpack he had 11 individual bags of a crystal substance, four individual bags of green vegetable matter, five yellow round pills marked “C” and “230,” a digital scale, multiple items of drug paraphernalia and $1,317 in cash, police said. The crystal substance tested positive for methamphetamine, the vegetable matter tested positive for synthetic marijuana and the pills identified as acetaminophen and oxycodone hydrochloride. As a result of the stop, police said, Patrolman Michael Messner charged Ebert with three felony counts of possession with intent to deliver a controlled substance, three misdemeanor count of possession of a controlled substance and one misdemeanor count each of possession of drug paraphernalia and possession of a prohibited offensive weapon. Ebert was arraigned by on-call Magisterial District Judge David A. Plachko, Port Carbon, and committed to Schuylkill County Prison unable to post 10 percent of $35,000 bail, police said. 9 face charges in Wal-Mart incidents SAINT CLAIR — Nine people were arrested by Saint Clair police stemming from incidents at Wal-Mart Those charged were: · Brandon R. Snyder, 34, of Quakake — felony retail theft for taking a vacuum cleaner and an air conditioner valued at $526 on June 23, 2016. · Eric A. McCabe, 22, of 607 W. Main St., Ringtown — felony retail theft for taking a pair of boots from a store display on Nov. 9 and then returning them at the customer service counter in exchange for store gift card in the amount of $69.78. Police said McCabe then used that card to purchase a pre-paid cellphone card. · Anthony D. Smith, 49, of New Philadelphia — felony retail theft for stealing items valued at $45.57 on Jan. 29. · Corrine N. McClure, 37, of 302 W. Savory St., Pottsville — misdemeanor retail theft for stealing items valued at $18.42 on Feb. 28. · Christine Sue Hoffecker, 50, of Schuylkill Haven — misdemeanor retail theft for a Feb. 28 incident where she allegedly stole items valued at $198.90. · Steven J. Platts, 30, of 30 Ann St., Pottsville — summary retail theft for taking merchandise valued at $7.87 on March 3. · Frederick F. Rabbits, 52, of 68 Lang St., Port Carbon — summary retail theft for stealing items valued at $40.51 on March 7. · Kathleen Rodriguez, 68, of Schuylkill Haven — misdemeanor retail theft for stealing items valued at $138.52 on March 10. · Kimberly Ann Endicott, 46, of 320 E. Railroad St., Saint Clair — misdemeanor retail theft and criminal trespass for going to the property on March 21 knowing she was banned from doing so due to a previous theft and stealing a laptop computer valued $549. Charges against all nine were filed with Magisterial District Judge David A. Plachko, Port Carbon. Woman charged with felony theft A Pottsville woman was arrested by Pottsville police after an incident about 12:25 p.m. Sunday at the Rite Aid store, Claude A. Lord Boulevard and Mill Creek Avenue. Police said that while on patrol, Patrolman Joseph Krammes encountered Stacy Dalton, 48, and discovered her to be in possession of several items she had stolen from the business. A criminal history check revealed the offense raised the level of the crime to a felony offense and after speaking with on-call Magisterial District Judge David A. Plachko, Port Carbon, Krammes filed a felony retail theft charge against Dalton, police said. Police investigate package theft Pottsville police are investigating a theft of a delivered package that occurred between 10 a.m. March 20 and 4 p.m. Friday. Police said the package was delivered to 1305 W. Market St. by UPS and contained about $750 worth of various items including clothing and shoes. Anyone with any information on the incident is asked to call Patrolman Joseph Krammes at 570-622-1234, Ext. 188. Frackville man cited for crash Pottsville police investigated a crash that occurred about 11 p.m. March 21. Police said Seth Lowe, 29, of Frackville, was driving a 2015 Jeep Grand Cherokee north on Route 61 when he failed to stop for a steady red light at East Arch Street and collided with a 2005 Chevrolet Malibu being driven by a 28-year-old Pottsville woman who as traveling east on East Arch Street and crossing Route 61. The woman’s car sustained disabling damage and had to be towed from the scene, police said, adding that as a result of the investigation, Cpl. Brian Reno will be citing Lowe for a red light violation. Police: 3 men burglarized home Three men were committed to Schuylkill County Prison after being arrested by Pottsville police stemming from an incident about 2:25 p.m. Saturday. Police said officers received a report of several men entering 2248 Mahantongo St. who did not have permission to be there. At the scene, officers saw three men trying to flee the house through a rear door, detained them and identified them as Joel Isaac, 32, Said Rivera, 36, and James Febus, 25, all of Pottsville. The owner of the property confirmed the three did not have permission to be inside and a subsequent investigation determined the three men were attempting to steal items from inside that they had placed near the front door including a flat screen television, a slot machine, a grandfather clock and a safe, police said. Each man was charged by Patrolman Joseph Krammes with felony conspiracy to commit burglary, burglary and criminal trespass. They were arraigned by on-call Magisterial District Judge David A. Plachko, Port Carbon, and committed to prison, each unable to post $50,000 bail, police said. 2 charged with theft from vehicle Pottsville police investigated a theft from a motor vehicle that was reported about 12:15 a.m. Sunday in the 1800 block of Elk Avenue. Police said their investigation revealed that two Pottsville men — Allen C. Schrader III, 23, and Zachary T. Specht, 21, — removed coins from several vehicles in the 7th Ward of the city. The coins were received and police said they are continuing to identify victims of the crimes committed by the two men. Anyone with information on the case is asked to call Patrolman Tina Sullivan at 570-622-1234, Ext. 190. Woman injured in 2-vehicle crash Pottsville police and firefighters were called to a vehicle crash with injuries about 5:45 p.m. Saturday at Seventh and West Market streets. Police said their investigation revealed that a 22-year-old Mount Carmel woman was traveling east on West Market when a vehicle driven by John Katz, 26, of Bernville, pulled out from a stop sign on Seventh Street into her path. Both vehicles collided in the intersection and police said the woman was taken to a Pottsville hospital for treatment of minor injuries. As a result of the crash, Patrolman Michael Messner will charge Katz with a stop sign violation and police said West Market Street was closed for about 30 minutes while the investigation was done and the vehicles removed. Man charged with disorderly conduct SAINT CLAIR — A 31-year-old Pottsville man was arrested by Saint Clair police and charged with disorderly conduct after an incident about 4:10 p.m. Friday at Pine Street and Wade Road. Police said Wayne T. Seiger, 110 W. Arch St., became involved in a confrontation with a woman, laid across the hood of her vehicle and began to cry uncontrollably. Seiger then tried to grab the woman and touch her, police said, adding that a Protection From Abuse order was served on Seiger as a result of the incident. Seiger will now have to answer to the charge before Magisterial District Judge David A. Plachko, Port Carbon. Man charged in hit-and-run crash SAINT CLAIR — Saint Clair police filed charges against a Pottsville man in connection with a hit-and-run crash that occurred about 3:25 p.m. Friday in the Wal-Mart parking lot. Police said Joseph Amro Wafa, 18, of 130 N. 12th St., Unit A30, struck a parked vehicle owned by Samantha Lee Litchko, Ashland, and fled the area. Wafa was charged with accidents involving damage to unattended vehicles and will have answer to the charge before Magisterial District Judge David A. Plachko, Port Carbon. Woman charged with possession SAINT CLAIR — Saint Clair police charged a borough woman with felony possession of a controlled substance and misdemeanor possession of drug paraphernalia following a traffic stop about 7:30 p.m. Feb. 28 at Route 61 and Ann Street. Police said Renee Marie Austerberry, 31, will now have to answer to the charges before Magisterial District Judge David A. Plachko, Port Carbon. Officers stopped a vehicle that Austerberry was a passenger in for a violation and saw that she was in possession of several benzodiazepine pills and wax paper bags used to store heroin, police said. In addition, police said the driver — Brittany George — was taken into custody on a felony arrest warrant for drug delivery filed by Minersville police. Police: Man lied when buying gun SAINT CLAIR — An investigation by Saint Clair police into an Aug. 31 incident at Wal-Mart led to charges against a Mahanoy City man. Police said Robert K. Ford, 53, was charged with unsworn falsification to authorities and sale or transfer of firearms-false information. Police said Ford went to the store and filled out and signed an Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms “Transaction Record” in which he provided false information pertaining to his criminal history. The charges against Ford were filed with Magisterial District Judge David A. Plachko, Port Carbon. Man charged in vehicle stop SAINT CLAIR — A vehicle stop by Saint Clair police about 11 p.m. Feb. 17 on Route 61 and Tunnel Road led to charges against a 33-year-old New Ringgold man. Police said officers stopped a vehicle driven by Dustin R. Gernert and learned the vehicle had counterfeit inspection and registration stickers. Also during the stop, police said, officers saw the man had a pipe with marijuana residue and a pipe with methamphetamine residue along with a baggie containing marijuana. Gernert was charged with altered, forged or counterfeit documents and plates, driving with a suspended license, possession of a controlled substance, possession of drug paraphernalia and driving without insurance. The charges against Gernert were filed with Magisterial District Judge David A. Plachko, Port Carbon, police said. After crash, man charged with DUI SAINT CLAIR — An investigation by Saint Clair police into a Jan. 2 crash led to charges against a Mar Lin man. Police said Michael B. Mabry, 22, fell asleep while driving south on Route 61 in East Norwegian Township, went off of the road and struck a utility pole. Police said Mabry displayed signs of being under the influence and a subsequent blood test determined he had an alcohol level of 0.19 percent. Charges of DUI-highest rate and careless driving were filed against Mabry with Magisterial District Judge David A. Plachko, Port Carbon, police said. Police charge man with DUI MINERSVILLE — State police at Schuylkill Haven charged a 64-year-old Minersville man with driving under the influence of alcohol when he crashed his vehicle at 5 p.m. Jan. 14 on Route 209, just west of Southwest Lawn Road, Branch Township. Police filed charges against James A. Huntsinger with Magisterial District Judge David J. Rossi, Tremont. We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 111 Mahantongo Street Pottsville, PA 17901 1-570-622-3456 CONTACT US Copyright ©2017 Pottsville Republican, Inc. PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS PEOPLE OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND POTTSVILLE JOBS Facebook Twitter      
Login Profile Print Edition PageView Flip PDF Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Contact Us About Us Advertise Past Issues !!Date!! Browse Archives     Front Page Local Region Video Sports Obituaries Classifieds Subscribe Front Page News Local Region Nation Video Sports Obituaries Opinion Community Lifestyles Classifieds Subscribe   Other Publications   Argus Champion Message for the Week 2017-03-29 / Region Tweet Print Man arrested for scamming northeastern Walmart stores WILLIAMSTOWN, Vt. — On Sunday, March 26, Vermont State Police discovered an alleged large scale return fraud and retail theft from Walmart stores throughout the Northeast. The investigation revealed that return frauds and thefts had occurred in Vermont, New Hampshire, Maine, Massachusetts and Rhode Island.  Johnnie Hammond, 41, of Providence, Rhode Island was arrested for false pretenses or tokens, accessory to retail theft, false information to law enforcement, criminal threatening, accessory aiding the commission of a felony and accessory after the fact.  At 1:30 p.m., troopers from the Middlesex Barracks were advised of a gold-colored Toyota sedan traveling southbound in the area of exit 6 at a high rate of speed and passing on the shoulder. Troopers responded to the area but were unable to find the car.  Troopers were later advised that there appeared to be an abandoned car at the Williamstown AOT garage that matched the description of the Toyota. Troopers responded to the area and located the car. The subsequent investigation revealed a large amount of stolen property inside the car.  Troopers located the occupants of the car walking on Route 64 in the area of Palmer Road in Williamstown. All occupants provided false names and were subsequently transported to the Middlesex Barracks.  The investigation revealed that Hammond instructed others what to steal, which included bedsheets, pillowcases, bicycle parts and school supplies. More than $4,000 of items were located inside the car. Hammond would then return the items for store credit at other locations.  Hammond was processed at the Middlesex Barracks and lodged at Chitenden County Correctional Facility. The investigation is ongoing.    Return to top Login to post comments Let's make sure this scumbag Submitted by labr on Wed, 03/29/2017 - 14:29. Let's make sure this scumbag gets all his rights. Just what the taxpayers need to spend their money on. Login to post comments flag this Most Viewed Stories Walpole students to compete at National Science Olympiad Man arrested for scamming northeastern Walmart stores FM looks to partner with Keene, Monadnock for hockey program Click here for digital edition Tweets by eagletimesnh Copyright 2011-2017 Eagle Times, All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services
Home News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV As Seen On 2 Politics Traffic Heroin at Home Nashville 2017 Tennessee’s Opioid Crisis News 2 StormTracker Family Safety Day Photo Galleries Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras News 2 StormTracker Family Safety Day Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz The Big Game Tailgate Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Lottery Educator of the Week Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners 67° F Overcast Hi: 80° F Lo: 62° F Today’s Weather Radar Forecast Closings 1 Weather Alert 17 Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV As Seen On 2 Politics Traffic Heroin at Home Nashville 2017 Tennessee’s Opioid Crisis News 2 StormTracker Family Safety Day Photo Galleries Featured: AMBER Alert for Elizabeth Thomas Latest Headlines Elizabeth Smart’s father speaks on similarities with Tennessee AMBER Alert March 29, 2017 Edward Smart believes there is hope for Elizabeth Thomas and, with the right tools, she can move on with her life as well. While eyes on canines at Metro dog parks, criminals hit parking lots March 29, 2017 So while you fetch in the park, burglars are fetching purses and backpacks, nabbing valuables that are hidden or not. Task force created to address school bus driver shortage in Wilson County March 29, 2017 Tennessee lawmakers halt bill taking aim at gay marriage March 29, 2017 Predators become first NHL team to become StormReady March 29, 2017 Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras News 2 StormTracker Family Safety Day Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Current Conditions 67° F Overcast Feels Like: 67° F Wind: S 5 Humidity: 76% Dewpoint: 59° F Sunrise: 6:36 AM Sunset: 7:06 PM Nashville Weather Forecast Day Planner Radar Currently Sponsored by: Sports Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz The Big Game Tailgate Latest Headlines Predators become first NHL team to become StormReady March 29, 2017 The team became the first in NHL history to be certified as StormReady as Bridgestone Arena was approved by the government agency. Talladega visits Music City, looks to boost popularity March 29, 2017 “The Big One” is just over a month away scheduled for Sunday, May 7 as the Geico 500. Predators win streak ends in Boston 4-1 March 28, 2017 NFL owners approve Raiders’ move to Las Vegas, so what now? March 28, 2017 VIDEO: Marcus Mariota talks about recovery after fibula surgery March 27, 2017 Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Lottery Educator of the Week Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners Search for: Search the site 67° F Overcast Hi: 80° F Lo: 62° F 2 wanted for stealing rifle from Lebanon Walmart WKRN web staff Published: March 29, 2017, 2:11 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Courtesy: Lebanon Police Department) LEBANON, Tenn. (WKRN) – Police are searching for a man and a woman who are accused of stealing a rifle from a display case in a Lebanon Walmart earlier this month. Lebanon police reported the Henry Model H010B Cal.45-70 was stolen on March 19 from the Walmart on South Cumberland Street. The male suspect reportedly took the rifle by placing the gun down the leg of his pants, according to Lebanon police. Anyone with information is asked to contact Lebanon police at 615-453-4337. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts Cars down Lebanon street shot with pellet guns; Charges pending 6 arrested in drug bust at Lebanon hotel room WATCH: Chilling dash cam released in shooting of Nashville firefighter TBI investigates chase, officer-involved shooting in Mt. Juliet Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WKRN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKRN.com © 2000 - 2017 wkrn.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Video Sports Traffic Community Station Twitter Facebook Contact Us Advertise History Jobs at WKRN Closings & Delays Contests Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Certification Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Nexstar Media Group Distribution Partners Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Advertisement News 2 explores effects of city's growth Thursday #Nashville2017 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Top News UPI Almanac for Wednesday, March 29, 2017 On March 29, 1951, Ethel and Julius Rosenberg were convicted of conspiracy to commit espionage for passing atomic weapons information to the Soviet Union. They were executed in 1953. By United Press International   |   March 29, 2017 at 3:30 AM Follow @upi Comments Today is Wednesday, March 29, the 88th day of 2017 with 277 to follow. The moon is waxing. Morning stars are Jupiter, Saturn, Neptune and Venus. Evening stars are Mercury, Venus, Uranus and Mars. Those born on this date are under the sign of Aries. They include John Tyler, 10th president of the United States, in 1790; baseball pitching legend Cy Young in 1867; Eugene McCarthy, the Minnesota Democrat whose 1968 presidential campaign focused on U.S. opposition to the Vietnam War, in 1916; actor/singer Pearl Bailey in 1918; Walmart founder Sam Walton in 1918; political commentator John McLaughlin in 1927; former British Prime Minister John Major in 1943 (age 74); actor Eric Idle in 1943 (age 74); Greek composer Vangelis in 1943 (age 74); basketball Hall of Fame member Walt Frazier in 1945 (age 72); Karen Ann Quinlan, the focus of arguments over the "right to die" when she fell into an irreversible coma, in 1954; football Hall of Fame member Earl Campbell in 1955 (age 62); actor Brendan Gleeson in 1955 (age 62); gymnast Kurt Thomas in 1956 (age 61); actor Christopher Lambert in 1957 (age 60); actor Amy Sedaris in 1961 (age 56); model Elle Macpherson in 1963 (age 54); actor Lucy Lawless in 1968 (age 49); former tennis star Jennifer Capriati in 1976 (age 41). On this date in history: In 1812, Lucy Payne Washington, sister-in-law of U.S. President James Madison, married Supreme Court Justice Thomas Dodd in the first wedding performed in the White House. In 1886, Coca-Cola was created by Dr. John Pemberton, who produced it in his backyard in Atlanta. In 1951, Ethel and Julius Rosenberg were convicted of conspiracy to commit espionage for passing atomic weapons information to the Soviet Union. They were executed in 1953. In 1961, the 23rd Amendment to the U.S. Constitution was ratified. The amendment gave District of Columbia residents the right to vote in presidential elections. In 1971, cult leader Charles Manson and three followers (Susan Atkins, Leslie Van Houten and Patricia Krenwinkel) were sentenced to death in the Tate-Labianca slayings in Los Angeles. The sentences and a fifth death sentence, for Charles "Tex" Watson, were later commuted to life in prison. In 1973, the last U.S. combat troops left South Vietnam (some advisers and others remained), ending the United States' direct military involvement in a war that didn't officially end until 1975. In 1991, six-time Italian Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti quit, opening the way for the country's 50th government since World War II. In 1999, the Dow Jones industrial average closed at more than 10,000 for the first time. In 2004, Bulgaria, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia joined NATO. In 2006, acting Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert's Kadima Party narrowly won the national election, taking 28 seats, forcing it into a coalition situation. In 2009, eight people died in a shooting rampage at a Carthage, N.C., nursing home and six others were killed in what police called murder-suicide shootings in Santa Clara, Calif. In 2010, two female suicide bombers killed 39 people in attacks on the Moscow subway system. In 2011, small levels of radiation from Japan's earthquake-tsunami-damaged Fukushima nuclear plant were detected in at least 15 U.S. states, but the Environmental Protection Agency said they posed no threat to public health. In 2014, same-sex marriage became legal in England and Wales. A thought for the day: "Moral courage is the most valuable and usually the most absent characteristic in men." -- Gen. George S. Patton Jr. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories Rosenbergs go silently to electric chair Rosenberg figure admits to being a spy Comments Trending President Donald Trump: The first 100 days in photos Trending UPI Pulitzer Prizes: The stories behind the pictures and words Latest Headlines World News Turkey calls end to its military incursion in Syria 34 minutes ago ago March 30 (UPI) -- Turkey's prime minister said a military incursion into war-torn Syria has ended, though it remains unclear whether they will maintain a military presence. U.S. News Ford to recall 441K vehicles over safety concerns 1 hour ago ago March 30 (UPI) -- Ford Motor Co. said Wednesday it will recall 441,000 vehicles to fix safety hazards that could cause an engine fire or a door to swing open. U.S. News 'Angel of Death' serial killer severely beaten in prison 2 hours ago ago March 30 (UPI) -- The serial killer known as the "Angel of Death" after killing dozens of elderly patients in the 1970s and 80s was found severely beaten in prison on Tuesday. U.S. News N.C. leaders reach deal to repeal HB 2 2 hours ago ago March 29 (UPI) -- North Carolina lawmakers reached a deal to repeal the state's controversial "bathroom bill" that restricted the bathrooms transgender individuals can use. U.S. News Hawaii judge strengthens block of Trump immigration order 3 hours ago ago March 29 (UPI) -- A federal judge in Hawaii strengthened the court order he issued banning President Donald Trump's executive order on immigration after it was set to expire. Trending Stories North Korea condemns U.S. senators for 'offending' Kim Jong Un ICE arrests father of student rape suspect in Maryland Ex-aides to N.J. governor Christie sentenced to prison over 'Bridgegate' row Floods, tornadoes likely in South; 3 storm chasers killed in collision U.S. Missile Defense Agency buys Lot 9 THAAD Interceptors PHOTOS In photos: Yu Aiping show at China Fashion Week Mariah Carey through the years Rock and roll auction at Bonhams in New York Superbloom phenomenon brings flowers and tourists to Southern California In photos: Tom Dong show at China Fashion Week On the red carpet at the STXfilms "The State Of The Industry: Past, Present And Future" presentation at CinemaCon Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Audiomedia International AV-iQ Installation-International Mix Online PSN Europe Residential Systems More BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO Broadcast & Production Digital Video Government Video Licensing.biz Radio Magazine Radio World TV Tech Global CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING Bike Biz Develop MCV Mobile Entertainment PCR Toy News eSports Pro EDUCATION Edu Wire School CIO Tech & Learning The AV/IT resource for successful integrators, consultants, and end users. Search Menu Daily News & Updates from:   Brands ‹ Back AVTechnology Digital Signage Weekly Systems Contractor AVNetwork News ‹ Back News Briefs ‹ Back New Products ‹ Back Industry Events ‹ Back Calendar Events ‹ Back View All News   InfoComm Rental & Staging Product Awards Entry Deadline Extended to April 4 Mar 29, 2017 Harman Brings New Mixing Power to Gasteig Cultural Center Mar 29, 2017 LG Raises the Bar for OLED at Digital Signage Expo Mar 29, 2017 View All Features ‹ Back Business ‹ Back Installations ‹ Back Profiles ‹ Back Videos ‹ Back View All Features   AVI Systems’ Learning Management Dashboard Elevates Employees Mar 28, 2017 Know Your Brand: How Smaller Firms Stay in the Game Mar 28, 2017 The Agile Control Room Mar 27, 2017 View All Insights & Blogs ‹ Back Editor's Views ‹ Back Expert Voices ‹ Back Blogs ‹ Back View All Insights & Blogs   AV/IT Weekly Update with Justin O'Connor: Episode 4 Mar 24, 2017 AV/IT Weekly Update with Justin O'Connor: Episode 3 Mar 17, 2017 AV/IT Weekly Update with Justin O'Connor: Episode 2 Mar 10, 2017 View All Insights Resource Center ‹ Back Magazine Digital Editions ‹ Back Integration Guides ‹ Back Tech Manager Guides ‹ Back Digital Signage Guides ‹ Back Special Event Guides ‹ Back Webinar Archive ‹ Back View All Resource Center   SCN Training and Service Guide Mar 28, 2017 SCN Digital Edition—April 2017 Mar 28, 2017 Technology Manager's Roadmap to Cloud Control Mar 07, 2017 View All Subscribe ‹ Back AVT Newsletter SCN Newsletter DSM Newsletter AVT Digital Subscription SCN Digital Subscription DSM Digital Subscription Customer Service Cancel Articles Videos Blogs The Wire All results Articles Videos Blogs The Wire Home Systems Contractor News Know Your Brand: How Smaller Firms Stay in the Game Posted on Mar 28, 2017 By SCN Staff Share Tweet Email It’s no secret that the AV/VTC industry is going through some very challenging times these days with many small- to mid-size integration firms struggling to keep their doors open. Add in the recent frenzy of mergers and acquisitions, and it’s easy to see why so many owners of AV firms are considering getting out of the industry. Many observe that the big firms seem to be getting bigger every day and are leveraging their formidable financial and operational resources to ease out smaller competitors. Is it time to give up? Cash out and head to the beach? Or perhaps do some real self-examination and understand (as a business) who you are and what you stand for? Jay Myers Recently, my company engaged in an intense battle to win a $2 million AV contract at a local corporate account that I had personally been chasing for more than 20 years. Initially there were several dozen companies (from all across the country) competing for the business. Many of the firms were much larger than my company and had resources that we could only dream of. Was there any possibility that a firm our size could really go to toe to toe in this account and actually win the business? Against all odds, my company was one of a few firms that made it to the final cut. Subsequently we were asked to meet with corporate staff (yet another time) to review some issues. While we were apprehensive about the meeting, we all agreed that we had to put our best foot forward with our proposal. At the outset of the meeting, it was evident that the corporate sourcing and procurement managers really wanted to talk about one thing: pricing. At that point, we were challenged on almost every line item in our proposal. After listening patiently for several minutes, I finally asked them to stop, and then posed a simple question: What kind of company did they think they were dealing with? Did they think my company was like Wal-Mart, and we were all about providing “everyday low prices”? I told them if that’s what they were looking for, we needed to halt the meeting and adjourn for an early lunch. I then followed up with, “However, if you are looking for a company that provides good pricing but even better service and support, then we’re your guys.” I’ll never forget the look on my team members’ faces at that point in the meeting. All of them were so stunned that they couldn’t even talk! At that point I asked myself, “Did I just blow this major opportunity with my comments?” After what seemed like an eternity, the sourcing manager cleared his throat and said, “Okay, we do need good pricing, but we also need to hear about how your company can service and support this contract.” It was the answer we needed, and I was thrilled to hear it. The funny thing is that when my team and I left the meeting, my VP of design/engineering turned to me and said, “I don’t know what you had for breakfast this morning, but keep eating it.” The comment made me think about one of the single most important issues that the owner of an AV integration firm needs to consider these days: Know your brand! If the company owner doesn’t know the brand, then who else should? For all of us who are running integration firms, it doesn’t take a genius to figure out that most of us cannot compete in a “price war” with clients and prospects. The bigger firms have a distinct advantage with deeper discounts, resources, etc.—simple as that. But I believe smaller- and mid-sized integration firms need to focus on their strengths, not their weaknesses. In our case, although we weren’t able to match competitors’ pricing line item by line item, we did offer the client local project management, service, and support. With a project over $2 million (that was also new construction), that was a big deal. So what happened next? After days of further evaluation, we got the call that we were the chosen vendor for the project. Great news for us!  But it also reinforced the whole notion of knowing your brand. In our case, our brand was not (nor ever has been) the low-cost provider. However, we are a highly respected company that focuses on our quality of work and ongoing customer service and support. And In the end, we won a big contract because we stuck to our guns and recognized who we are, and we have an industry brand that will serve us for many years to come. Jay Myers is the founder/CEO of Interactive Solutions, Inc. (ISI), a Memphis-based firm that specializes in videoconferencing, distance learning, telemedicine, and audiovisual sales and support. He is the author of Keep Swinging: An Entrepreneurs Story of Overcoming Adversity and Achieving Small Business Success and Hitting the Curveballs: How Crisis Can Strengthen and Grow Your Business. Tags: No tags found Share Tweet Email You may also like SCN Training and Service Guide Casio Shines At DSE 2017 With New Lampfree Projectors Read Next: SCN Digital Edition—April 2017 … Popular Stories 2017 SCN/InfoComm Installation Product Awards Entry Extended By SCN Staff - Mar 26, 2017 Yamaha Debuts the CS-700 Video Sound Collaboration System for Huddle Rooms By AV Network Staff - Mar 24, 2017 InfoComm Names Chief Operating Officer By AV Network Staff - Mar 23, 2017 Updates Sent Straight to Your Inbox! Please enter email Please enter valid email AV Technology Systems Contractor News Digital Signage Magazine News Feed InfoComm Rental & Staging Product Awards Entry Deadline Extended to April 4 Harman Brings New Mixing Power to Gasteig Cultural Center LG Raises the Bar for OLED at Digital Signage Expo Global Survey Finds Workplace Flexibility Critical to Productivity Media Vision, Medium UK Forge Partnership Holosonics Issued Two New Patents Evertz Highlights 25GbE IP-based Solutions at NAB 2017 Yorktel Unveils Univago Platform Enhancements Global Digital Out-of-Home (DOOH) Council Announced at Digital Signage Expo Casio Shines At DSE 2017 With New Lampfree Projectors Microphone Pod for CCS-UC-1 Mercury Tabletop Conference System, Set of Two by Crestron Electronics, Inc.. Model: CCS-UCA-MIC KIT Microphone Pod for CCS-UC-1 Mercury Tabletop Conference System, Set of Two with Universal Power Pack by Crestron Electronics, Inc.. Model: CCS-UCA-MIC W/PS KIT ListenWiFi Server by Listen Technologies Corporation. Model: PL-900-01 Starry Nites Micro-Festival Debuts Considering the Future of Music Festivals Take1 Takes On Terrorism InfoComm appoints new chief operating officer iiyama reveals new PCAP touch monitor Electro-Voice delivers even coverage at Hard Rock Stadium NAD C 338 HybridDigital Integrated Amp Now Shipping HTSA Adds High-End Brands, Grows Membership Automation Differentiates Minnesota Model Home News Features Insights & Blogs Resource Center AVT Subscriptions DSM Subscriptions SCN Subscriptions About Us Contact Us Advertise Marketing Services Events Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use RSS Feeds Log In Newsletters Ad choices Facebook Twitter RSS Feed Copyright © 2017 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470
Skip to content Menu Menu Articles Videos Conference 2017 Conference 2016 Conference Close Webinars White Papers Awards Environmental Top 50 2017 Awards 2016 Awards Close Buyer’s Guide TRENDING EL 2016 Award Winners EL Conference 2017 Energy Manager Today Environmental Management AIR Water Waste Compliance Manufacturing Supply Chain Top 50 To download please complete the following: All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed To download please complete the following: All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed Please Send Me More Information All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? Forgotten Password Cancel If you've no account register here first time User Name : User Email : Password : Login Now Bringing Sustainability to Supply Chains: Q&A with David Meyer March 29, 2017March 29, 2017 by Alyssa Danigelis What’s at stake when an organization’s supply chain lacks transparency? Just about everything, if you ask David Meyer, a senior consultant with BSI EHS Services and Solutions. Companies that don’t make an effort to develop value-added transparency and proactive collaboration throughout their supply chains are putting their businesses on the line. For Meyer, bringing sustainability to supply chains means setting a higher bar for responsible sourcing and supplier codes of conduct. He will be sharing how to do this at the 2017 Environmental Leader Conference in June. We recently caught up with him to get his insights on driving supply chain transparency. Why is it important for organizations to work with their suppliers throughout the supply chain? I’ve been in the supply chain space looking at that with respect to environmental health and safety for about 10 years. One of the key events was Walmart had a big push related to packaging around 2005. It launched this initiative within the packaging industry to come up with better, more improved ways to lightweight their materials, to use more recycled materials. Hewlett-Packard, around the same time, started capacity building through supplier forums and Focused Improvement Supplier Initiative (FISI) programs in China and Central Europe. Other companies like GE and Hermann Miller were starting to evaluate the materials that go into products to reduce the environmental footprint, work with organizations that valued corporate social responsibility, and invest in issues around labor. Companies are recognizing that one of the key areas where it poses a great risk to organizations in terms of their business sustainability is in the supplier space. So they’ve reached out to their Tier 1 and Tier 2 suppliers, and are working with them to assure them they’re in alignment. What happens when companies don’t apply sustainability principles to their supply chains? Imagine you’re a major manufacturer, and you are beholden to one particular type of supplier. Yet at their manufacturing facilities they lack health, safety, or environmental controls. That in turn leads to some type of incident that causes disruption, and they’re unable to provide those key inputs in materials to their customer. That creates a brittle supply chain that could affect a customer’s products, and be quite costly to organizations. By the same token, companies that do not match their customer-supplier expectations stand to lose major contracts. We’ve seen that on many occasions as large global companies audit and visit these facilities. What tools companies can use to make sure their suppliers are sustainable and responsible? Some query and survey companies, and compare them against other players within their industries — and to the Global Reporting Initiative, the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board, and other indices. Many companies do supplier audits. Doing onsite audits is one method. Sending out questionnaires, that’s good, but a lot of companies have supplier fatigue. I’ve got one customer that gets inquiries almost on a daily basis. Training, that’s another tool. The approach that HP and General Electric took many years ago: Holding summits with their key suppliers to walk them through their expectations and help them develop infrastructure to meet those needs. What does a supplier audit usually involve? When a supplier allows you into their site to evaluate their practices, you’re usually doing that against some sort of standard — it can be your own standards, supplier codes of conduct, or they could be specific standards set up or established by different types of industries. You’re observing on the ground and evaluating if they’re in compliance with their obligations. How can companies encourage innovation within their supply chains? If you’re a Tier 3 or 4 supplier, a small mom-and-pop-shop manufacturing one or two things, and you’re starting to hear from your suppliers who are supplying somebody else that there are all these requirements, that’s a real challenge. Companies like Hewlett-Packard were very collaborative. They help to reinvest in doing equipment upgrades or other things that could help these companies be able to succeed and stay on as viable suppliers. This whole supply chain process has created an environment where companies are trying to become more innovative, looking for more advanced materials that have less of an environmental burden in their manufacturing, and can be done in a way that’s less wasteful, and less resource-intensive. If it can benefit smaller companies and allow them to be competitive, then everybody wins. Is the Frank-Dodd Act applicable in your industry? It absolutely is. Right now, we’re not sure what’s going to happen with Frank-Dodd and the SEC rules on conflict minerals, but it is definitely something that has re-entered the discussion, and a lot of companies we’ve actually been working with that do have conflict mineral reporting requirements have been dramatically affected by the new SEC rules. There’s still a steep learning curve on conflict minerals. How have the companies been affected by the rules? The rules now require that companies that use minerals like tantalum, tin, and other precious minerals in the manufacturing of mainly electronic goods need to declare whether or not the materials came from mines or smelting operations in conflict areas, mainly the Congo. A lot of companies find it very challenging to accurately document where a lot of their raw materials come from. And it can be expensive. My understanding is that the majority of companies are not reporting accurately. Now with the new Trump administration talking about rolling back Dodd-Frank, there is the possibility that they might seek repeal of the conflict minerals rules. It takes a couple of years to undo a rule so it’s going to be interesting to monitor that. What do you think about the Dodd-Frank Act as it relates to your industry? I think it has value. Companies that are doing the manufacturing of these products want to do the right thing. If I were the CEO at one of those companies and I heard that my raw materials were coming from a mine where people were being forced into labor, and the money was being diverted to support guerrilla operations in a country, I’d be concerned about being associated with that. What approach do you recommend companies take? Any companies doing resource extractive work, whether it’s mining water or minerals, have a duty, a “social license to operate” as I call it, to collaborate transparently with the community in which you’re operating. It doesn’t matter whether you’re in Portland, Oregon or deep in the Congo, you have a responsibility to that local community to do the right thing and not exploit resources — not just the materials, but the people as well. I have a very high moral quotient when it comes to that, and I’ve actually worked in the resource extraction industries. That’s where supply chain issues come into play. You want to manage your entire value chain from upstream to the end-of-life of your product. Without that, companies truly aren’t being sustainable. David Meyer will be speaking at the Environmental Leader Conference in Denver June 5-7, 2017. His track, Inserting Sustainability Into the Supply Chain Design Process, starts at 2:10 pm on June 6. Categories Clean Energy, Compliance, Environmental Leader Conference, Manufacturing, Supply ChainTags Dave Meyer, Environmental Leader Conference, supply chain Leave a Comment Cancel reply NEWSLETTER NEWSLETTER SIGNUP Join 100,000+ subscribers who gain a competitive advantage with our news and analysis. Select the newsletters that interest you: Environmental Leader Newsletter (Mon, Wed, Fri) Energy Manager Today Newsletter (Mon, Wed, Fri) EHS Best Practices Newsletter (Monthly) Best Practices Meet the 2017 Environmental Leader 50 Honorees Read More Best Practices Videos Sphera Solutions: EMIS Leader Webinars From Isolated to Integrated: How to Eliminate the... Sponsored By Sphera Solutions   Sponsored By Gensuite   FEATURED SUPPLIERS View All Suppliers > White Papers The QEHS Guide to Operational Excellence Sponsored By: EtQ An Insiders Guide to Selecting an Environmental Health and Safety Management Software System Sponsored By: EtQ EHS Risk Management Guidebook A Practical HowTo Guide Sponsored By: EtQ The EHS Guidebook Selecting Implementing and Using EHS Software Solutions Sponsored By: EtQ Incident Management 101 Sponsored By: VelocityEHS NAEM 2016 Software Selection Guide Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Office Ergonomics ROI eBook Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Ergonomics Infographic Sponsored By: VelocityEHS NAEM 2016 Trends Report Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Lean Safe Integrating Safety Management and Process Sponsored By: VelocityEHS View All White Papers > UPCOMING WEBINARS ON DEMAND WEBINARS From Isolated to Integrated: How to Eliminate the... What’s in Store in 2017 for C&I Organizations... Getting Corporate Buy-in for an Environmental Management Information... From Compliance to Pro-Active Safety with Mobility: Best... EHS Implementation Success is a Team Sport See More Webinars > FOLLOW US PRIVACY POLICY | ABOUT US | SEND A STORY | ADVERTISE © Copyright 2017 Environmental Leader ® is a registered trademark of Business Sector Media LLC. Your name: Your email address: Send post to email address, comma separated for multiple emails. Cancel
42°FThunderstorm Light RainFull Forecast Subscribe Now! News News Home Local State Nation and World Community Lifestyle eEdition Sports Sports Home Preps Professional Bears Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest College Records Obituaries Births Police/Fire Birthdays Corrections Opinion Opinion Home Cartoons Editorials Letters Columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Home Books Deals Eat/Drink Events Movies Music Sauk Scene Technology Television The List Travel Video News Video Live Video Planit Events Calendar Local Deals Submit Your Event Share   Feedback Submit an Event More About Us Advertise Deals Business Showcase Contact Contests Coupons e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Forms Get Newsletter Photos Planit Sauk Valley Public Notices Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads txtAlerts Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Video Weather News Sports Pro Football Weekly Records Opinion Entertainment Video cars815.com eEdition Planit Share More Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Developer preparing for more tenants at Sterling shopping center No word yet on who tenants could be Published: Wednesday, March 29, 2017 12:06 a.m. CDT • Updated: Wednesday, March 29, 2017 12:11 a.m. CDT Caption(Alex T. Paschal/apaschal@saukvalley.com) Work on a building has been started at the Sterling Commons shopping center property on East Lincolnway, across the road from Walmart. The building will be able to house five tenants. BY PAM EGGEMEIER peggemeier@saukvalley.com 815-625-3600, ext. 5570 @pam_eggemeier STERLING – Work is underway for an expansion at the Sterling Commons shopping center. The developer, Rockford-based First Midwest Group, is putting up a building shell on East Lincolnway, across from Walmart, that could accommodate five additional tenants. The developer received permits from the city to do groundwork and foundations. City officials said they have no knowledge of any particular retailer’s plans that could create an immediate need for more space. “We haven’t heard about anyone coming in, but we usually don’t find out until the last minute,” Mayor Skip Lee said. “It’s good news though that they see a need for more space there.” Historically, planned moves to Sterling Commons by Verizon, Aspen Dental, and Buffalo Wild Wings have brought construction teams to the shopping center. The city’s building department said it received no specific information about who the developer might have on the hook. “For now, the plans are just for a building shell,” said Amanda Schmidt, the city’s building and zoning superintendent. “Sometimes the developers have a tenant in mind, and sometimes when it’s full, they just think they’ll need more space soon.” First Midwest Group, formerly known as First Rockford Group, was founded in 1984, by the company’s president, Sunil Puri. The company develops retail, office, and warehouse projects, and has more than 350 tenants in those properties. Comments Related Links Area manufacturers holding job fair Developer preparing for more tenants at Sterling shopping center Sauk's multicraft program gears up for more training Chamber office manager named Thrivent named ethical company Area brokers earn recognition Get breaking news sent to your phone. Sign up for text alerts from Sauk Valley Media! More News Expressions Art Sale benefits Sinnissippi FoundationMarch 29, 2017 - 11:48 pm Former Telegraph editor releases memoirsMarch 29, 2017 - 11:34 pm Singer-songwriter to perform Friday in Franklin GroveMarch 29, 2017 - 11:50 pm Review: Want a good story – or 10? Check out Craig Finn's latest (Grade: A)March 29, 2017 - 11:36 pm All tied up: Dixon school board votes down fix for football fieldMarch 29, 2017 - 11:51 pm Last-minute cutting session produces small budget surplus for Rock FallsMarch 29, 2017 - 11:45 pm Comments National video Tweets from https://twitter.com/saukvalley/lists/svm-news-sports-staff Reader Poll There’s a movement afoot in the Illinois Legislature to name former President Barack Obama’s birthday (Aug. 4) as a legal holiday in Illinois. What do you think? Good idea Bad idea Not sure No opinion    Show results About Us | Contact Us | eEdition | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs Find Local Cars Today's Ads | Local Business Showcase Copyright © 2017 SaukValley.com. All rights reserved. Published in Sterling, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Technology » News » Others Samsung Note 7 may return as rental phone: Beware of fire! Business Standard How Facebook - the Walmart of the internet - dismantled online subcultures After Facebook launched, BME struggled to retain members who were attracted to the larger audiences Jessa Lingel | The Conversation  March 29, 2017 Last Updated at 10:31 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUIwul Photo: Reuters ALSO READ Wal-Mart to add 10,000 US jobs in 2017 Wal-Mart's next move against Amazon: More warehouses, faster shipping Black Friday's slow death drags on as shoppers migrate online Wal-Mart stock sale by Warren Buffett can clue you in on Trump-era economy Can D-Mart modify its ownership model? Before the internet, people interested in body modification – not just tattoo and piercing enthusiasts, but those drawn to more unusual practices like ear pointing, tongue splitting, suspension, scarification and the voluntary amputation of limbs and organs – had a difficult time meeting others who shared their interests. The internet, of course, changed everything: You can chat and connect with anyone from your computer. And in 1994 – more than a decade before Facebook launched – body modification enthusiasts started their own social media platform: the Body Modification E-zine, or BME. First operating as a bulletin board service (an early form of online message boards), BME eventually added features and functions that were forerunners before now-familiar online tools: blogging, wikis, online dating and podcasts. But as sites like Facebook and Myspace emerged, BME found itself competing for attention with these new “global communities.” The story of the website shows how online communities can form and fall apart – and how Facebook’s monolithic presence makes enduring internet communities for people on the margins of society that much more precarious. A commitment to authenticity BME, along with the longstanding punk scene in New Brunswick, New Jersey and Brooklyn’s booming drag culture, are the three communities I studied in my forthcoming book “Digital Countercultures and the Struggle for Community.” All three constitute what I call “countercultural communities” – groups that define themselves as being, in some way, opposed to the mainstream. As someone who studies digital culture, I’ve been able to see how outsiders can help us understand the biases that are built into everyday tools and devices, which are (usually) designed by straight, white men. So what can we learn from a site like BME? First, it’s important to note some key factors shaping how BME managed membership and participation. In contrast to sites that require people to use their “authentic” names to create a profile, BME allowed users to pick a pseudonym. The only requirement was an authentic interest in body modification. As a condition of membership, users had to submit photos or firsthand accounts of their modifications. These images and accounts were then vetted by BME members. While tattoos and piercings might seem fairly common today, this was less true when BME was getting its start in the mid-1990s. And it’s still common for people who have undergone some of the more extreme body modification procedures, like tongue splitting and subdermal implants, to be ostracized. BME’s rules for participation were meant to protect those who felt stigmatized. It also required members to take their role in the community seriously. Accounts could be suspended if users didn’t post regularly, meaning that people couldn’t simply sign up and lurk. But a number of challenges arose. Body modification became increasingly common, threatening BME’s outsider status. Then mainstream social network sites started to take off, and immediately started competed for users with smaller, niche sites like BME. Trying to keep pace After Myspace and Facebook launched, BME struggled to retain members who were attracted to the larger audiences and more sophisticated features of the newer, better-funded sites. In 2011, BME planned an overhaul: For the first time, they’d be utilizing designers from outside the modified community. After a series of delays and budget issues, the new version of the site launched. But there were bugs, and some users didn’t like the new aesthetic, which seemed to mirror contemporary mainstream websites. Meanwhile, content that was mundane on BME, like tongue-splitting and ear-pointing, could be extremely provocative on mainstream sites. BME users that gravitated to these new social media networks could rack up thousands, rather than dozens, of views. And as opposed to the outdated, sometimes buggy software on BME, platforms like Facebook offered slicker design and more sophisticated features, like photo tagging and geo-tagging. Over time, these challenges to the BME community became increasingly problematic. Members deleted accounts or stopped posting. By 2015, the main community forum – which used to have hundreds of posts a day – went without a single comment for over six months. Having predicted many of the web’s functions and features, BME failed to anticipate its own demise. The Wal-Mart of the internet? How does the story of BME help us understand our relationship to technology? When I asked BME’s owner Rachel Larratt about mainstream social media sites, she described them as generic and bland. As a small business owner, Larratt recognizes that Facebook can help businesses like hers thrive. She just disagrees with Facebook’s contention that it’s one big “global community.” “It’s all marketing,” she told me. “They are trying to foster that idea [of being a community]. It’s just staged, really, like a big box store trying to pretend like they are a local small business owner.” In building a massive user base, the major social media sites resort to the lowest common denominator for terms like “community” and “user guidelines.” Facebook’s user guidelines apply to all of its users, even though its user base covers an incredibly diverse group of people, perspectives and values. These policies can be tweaked and updated with minimal notice to users, which is also true of its design. Users have limited ability to communicate with Facebook’s administrators when there’s a problem, as we’ve seen when drag queens demanded changes to the “real name” policy, when nursing mothers rejected censorship of breastfeeding photos and when LGBT activists insisted that photos of same-gender couples kissing shouldn’t be blocked for being “obscene.” In all of these cases, Facebook attempted to enforce a blanket set of policies on groups that have a very different set of ethics and values. I’ve found that the people who lose from this approach are those on the margins, whose identities and experiences are least likely to be anticipated by designers without significant experiences of marginalization. A generic, rootless place Online life can be thought of as a place, albeit one that’s more conceptual than physical. Yet in Facebook – with its massive user base – Larratt sees a kind of placelessness, much as the generic predictability of Wal-Mart contrasts with the authentic idiosyncrasies of a locally owned grocery store. The blandness of Facebook’s interface and the lack of options to customize or personalize its design contribute to this feeling. Today, many think the internet is best accessed through a mobile device, which is sometimes labeled as a “mobile first” approach to design. Mobile first assumes that people will access the internet from a smartphone rather than a laptop, a design ethic that emphasizes apps and instant, seamless access, in contrast to a model of stationary and sustained attention. In other words, it’s designing for someone who wants to check the news on a lunch break or scan through reddit threads on the commute home from work. For those who value feeling as if going online is a physical meeting point, easy and fleeting connectivity can be perceived as a bad thing, trading convenience for commitment. BME’s community was built up through sustained and regular participation. It’s the difference between grabbing a Dunkin Donuts coffee on the way to work and being a regular at a neighborhood bar. Becoming part of a community involves hanging out, messing around and committing to local rules for participation. To be clear, I’m not making an anti-progress push against mobile devices. And I also don’t want to suggest that countercultural communities are best served by outdated technologies. But it’s worth considering whether mobility is always a good thing – and what assumptions go into the push for uninterrupted access. Technology, and more specifically digital technology, often takes the blame for fears of social isolation. Hype about video game and internet addiction, along with stereotypes linking an interest in technology to poor social skills, makes the internet an easy scapegoat. Yet researchers have found that internet access and social media use are linked to more diverse social networks. My research shows that the internet can be a powerful tool of connection and community support, especially for people who have nonmainstream interests or identities. BME was meant to provide common grounds for people with uncommon interests, and for many years it did just that, becoming an online meeting spot as well as the authoritative source for body modification information. But BME’s model lost out to mainstream platforms that prioritized bigger online audiences and more sophisticated design over niche interests and user-driven guidelines for membership and participation.   So as we continue to design platforms for an ever-growing population of users, it’s important to consider who’s going to be on the other end of the keyboard. Otherwise only a certain kind of community will flourish, while others will struggle to survive. Jessa Lingel, Assistant Professor of Communication, University of Pennsylvania This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. Read More On Facebook | Internet | New Jersey | Wal-mart | Technology | Online | Others PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements How Facebook - the Walmart of the internet - dismantled online subcultures After Facebook launched, BME struggled to retain members who were attracted to the larger audiences After Facebook launched, BME struggled to retain members who were attracted to the larger audiences Before the internet, people interested in body modification – not just tattoo and piercing enthusiasts, but those drawn to more unusual practices like ear pointing, tongue splitting, suspension, scarification and the voluntary amputation of limbs and organs – had a difficult time meeting others who shared their interests. The internet, of course, changed everything: You can chat and connect with anyone from your computer. And in 1994 – more than a decade before Facebook launched – body modification enthusiasts started their own social media platform: the Body Modification E-zine, or BME. First operating as a bulletin board service (an early form of online message boards), BME eventually added features and functions that were forerunners before now-familiar online tools: blogging, wikis, online dating and podcasts. But as sites like Facebook and Myspace emerged, BME found itself competing for attention with these new “global communities.” The story of the website shows how online communities can form and fall apart – and how Facebook’s monolithic presence makes enduring internet communities for people on the margins of society that much more precarious. A commitment to authenticity BME, along with the longstanding punk scene in New Brunswick, New Jersey and Brooklyn’s booming drag culture, are the three communities I studied in my forthcoming book “Digital Countercultures and the Struggle for Community.” All three constitute what I call “countercultural communities” – groups that define themselves as being, in some way, opposed to the mainstream. As someone who studies digital culture, I’ve been able to see how outsiders can help us understand the biases that are built into everyday tools and devices, which are (usually) designed by straight, white men. So what can we learn from a site like BME? First, it’s important to note some key factors shaping how BME managed membership and participation. In contrast to sites that require people to use their “authentic” names to create a profile, BME allowed users to pick a pseudonym. The only requirement was an authentic interest in body modification. As a condition of membership, users had to submit photos or firsthand accounts of their modifications. These images and accounts were then vetted by BME members. While tattoos and piercings might seem fairly common today, this was less true when BME was getting its start in the mid-1990s. And it’s still common for people who have undergone some of the more extreme body modification procedures, like tongue splitting and subdermal implants, to be ostracized. BME’s rules for participation were meant to protect those who felt stigmatized. It also required members to take their role in the community seriously. Accounts could be suspended if users didn’t post regularly, meaning that people couldn’t simply sign up and lurk. But a number of challenges arose. Body modification became increasingly common, threatening BME’s outsider status. Then mainstream social network sites started to take off, and immediately started competed for users with smaller, niche sites like BME. Trying to keep pace After Myspace and Facebook launched, BME struggled to retain members who were attracted to the larger audiences and more sophisticated features of the newer, better-funded sites. In 2011, BME planned an overhaul: For the first time, they’d be utilizing designers from outside the modified community. After a series of delays and budget issues, the new version of the site launched. But there were bugs, and some users didn’t like the new aesthetic, which seemed to mirror contemporary mainstream websites. Meanwhile, content that was mundane on BME, like tongue-splitting and ear-pointing, could be extremely provocative on mainstream sites. BME users that gravitated to these new social media networks could rack up thousands, rather than dozens, of views. And as opposed to the outdated, sometimes buggy software on BME, platforms like Facebook offered slicker design and more sophisticated features, like photo tagging and geo-tagging. Over time, these challenges to the BME community became increasingly problematic. Members deleted accounts or stopped posting. By 2015, the main community forum – which used to have hundreds of posts a day – went without a single comment for over six months. Having predicted many of the web’s functions and features, BME failed to anticipate its own demise. The Wal-Mart of the internet? How does the story of BME help us understand our relationship to technology? When I asked BME’s owner Rachel Larratt about mainstream social media sites, she described them as generic and bland. As a small business owner, Larratt recognizes that Facebook can help businesses like hers thrive. She just disagrees with Facebook’s contention that it’s one big “global community.” “It’s all marketing,” she told me. “They are trying to foster that idea [of being a community]. It’s just staged, really, like a big box store trying to pretend like they are a local small business owner.” In building a massive user base, the major social media sites resort to the lowest common denominator for terms like “community” and “user guidelines.” Facebook’s user guidelines apply to all of its users, even though its user base covers an incredibly diverse group of people, perspectives and values. These policies can be tweaked and updated with minimal notice to users, which is also true of its design. Users have limited ability to communicate with Facebook’s administrators when there’s a problem, as we’ve seen when drag queens demanded changes to the “real name” policy, when nursing mothers rejected censorship of breastfeeding photos and when LGBT activists insisted that photos of same-gender couples kissing shouldn’t be blocked for being “obscene.” In all of these cases, Facebook attempted to enforce a blanket set of policies on groups that have a very different set of ethics and values. I’ve found that the people who lose from this approach are those on the margins, whose identities and experiences are least likely to be anticipated by designers without significant experiences of marginalization. A generic, rootless place Online life can be thought of as a place, albeit one that’s more conceptual than physical. Yet in Facebook – with its massive user base – Larratt sees a kind of placelessness, much as the generic predictability of Wal-Mart contrasts with the authentic idiosyncrasies of a locally owned grocery store. The blandness of Facebook’s interface and the lack of options to customize or personalize its design contribute to this feeling. Today, many think the internet is best accessed through a mobile device, which is sometimes labeled as a “mobile first” approach to design. Mobile first assumes that people will access the internet from a smartphone rather than a laptop, a design ethic that emphasizes apps and instant, seamless access, in contrast to a model of stationary and sustained attention. In other words, it’s designing for someone who wants to check the news on a lunch break or scan through reddit threads on the commute home from work. For those who value feeling as if going online is a physical meeting point, easy and fleeting connectivity can be perceived as a bad thing, trading convenience for commitment. BME’s community was built up through sustained and regular participation. It’s the difference between grabbing a Dunkin Donuts coffee on the way to work and being a regular at a neighborhood bar. Becoming part of a community involves hanging out, messing around and committing to local rules for participation. To be clear, I’m not making an anti-progress push against mobile devices. And I also don’t want to suggest that countercultural communities are best served by outdated technologies. But it’s worth considering whether mobility is always a good thing – and what assumptions go into the push for uninterrupted access. Technology, and more specifically digital technology, often takes the blame for fears of social isolation. Hype about video game and internet addiction, along with stereotypes linking an interest in technology to poor social skills, makes the internet an easy scapegoat. Yet researchers have found that internet access and social media use are linked to more diverse social networks. My research shows that the internet can be a powerful tool of connection and community support, especially for people who have nonmainstream interests or identities. BME was meant to provide common grounds for people with uncommon interests, and for many years it did just that, becoming an online meeting spot as well as the authoritative source for body modification information. But BME’s model lost out to mainstream platforms that prioritized bigger online audiences and more sophisticated design over niche interests and user-driven guidelines for membership and participation.   So as we continue to design platforms for an ever-growing population of users, it’s important to consider who’s going to be on the other end of the keyboard. Otherwise only a certain kind of community will flourish, while others will struggle to survive. Jessa Lingel, Assistant Professor of Communication, University of Pennsylvania This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. Jessa Lingel | The Conversation Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 How Facebook - the Walmart of the internet - dismantled online subcultures After Facebook launched, BME struggled to retain members who were attracted to the larger audiences Before the internet, people interested in body modification – not just tattoo and piercing enthusiasts, but those drawn to more unusual practices like ear pointing, tongue splitting, suspension, scarification and the voluntary amputation of limbs and organs – had a difficult time meeting others who shared their interests. The internet, of course, changed everything: You can chat and connect with anyone from your computer. And in 1994 – more than a decade before Facebook launched – body modification enthusiasts started their own social media platform: the Body Modification E-zine, or BME. First operating as a bulletin board service (an early form of online message boards), BME eventually added features and functions that were forerunners before now-familiar online tools: blogging, wikis, online dating and podcasts. But as sites like Facebook and Myspace emerged, BME found itself competing for attention with these new “global communities.” The story of the website shows how online communities can form and fall apart – and how Facebook’s monolithic presence makes enduring internet communities for people on the margins of society that much more precarious. A commitment to authenticity BME, along with the longstanding punk scene in New Brunswick, New Jersey and Brooklyn’s booming drag culture, are the three communities I studied in my forthcoming book “Digital Countercultures and the Struggle for Community.” All three constitute what I call “countercultural communities” – groups that define themselves as being, in some way, opposed to the mainstream. As someone who studies digital culture, I’ve been able to see how outsiders can help us understand the biases that are built into everyday tools and devices, which are (usually) designed by straight, white men. So what can we learn from a site like BME? First, it’s important to note some key factors shaping how BME managed membership and participation. In contrast to sites that require people to use their “authentic” names to create a profile, BME allowed users to pick a pseudonym. The only requirement was an authentic interest in body modification. As a condition of membership, users had to submit photos or firsthand accounts of their modifications. These images and accounts were then vetted by BME members. While tattoos and piercings might seem fairly common today, this was less true when BME was getting its start in the mid-1990s. And it’s still common for people who have undergone some of the more extreme body modification procedures, like tongue splitting and subdermal implants, to be ostracized. BME’s rules for participation were meant to protect those who felt stigmatized. It also required members to take their role in the community seriously. Accounts could be suspended if users didn’t post regularly, meaning that people couldn’t simply sign up and lurk. But a number of challenges arose. Body modification became increasingly common, threatening BME’s outsider status. Then mainstream social network sites started to take off, and immediately started competed for users with smaller, niche sites like BME. Trying to keep pace After Myspace and Facebook launched, BME struggled to retain members who were attracted to the larger audiences and more sophisticated features of the newer, better-funded sites. In 2011, BME planned an overhaul: For the first time, they’d be utilizing designers from outside the modified community. After a series of delays and budget issues, the new version of the site launched. But there were bugs, and some users didn’t like the new aesthetic, which seemed to mirror contemporary mainstream websites. Meanwhile, content that was mundane on BME, like tongue-splitting and ear-pointing, could be extremely provocative on mainstream sites. BME users that gravitated to these new social media networks could rack up thousands, rather than dozens, of views. And as opposed to the outdated, sometimes buggy software on BME, platforms like Facebook offered slicker design and more sophisticated features, like photo tagging and geo-tagging. Over time, these challenges to the BME community became increasingly problematic. Members deleted accounts or stopped posting. By 2015, the main community forum – which used to have hundreds of posts a day – went without a single comment for over six months. Having predicted many of the web’s functions and features, BME failed to anticipate its own demise. The Wal-Mart of the internet? How does the story of BME help us understand our relationship to technology? When I asked BME’s owner Rachel Larratt about mainstream social media sites, she described them as generic and bland. As a small business owner, Larratt recognizes that Facebook can help businesses like hers thrive. She just disagrees with Facebook’s contention that it’s one big “global community.” “It’s all marketing,” she told me. “They are trying to foster that idea [of being a community]. It’s just staged, really, like a big box store trying to pretend like they are a local small business owner.” In building a massive user base, the major social media sites resort to the lowest common denominator for terms like “community” and “user guidelines.” Facebook’s user guidelines apply to all of its users, even though its user base covers an incredibly diverse group of people, perspectives and values. These policies can be tweaked and updated with minimal notice to users, which is also true of its design. Users have limited ability to communicate with Facebook’s administrators when there’s a problem, as we’ve seen when drag queens demanded changes to the “real name” policy, when nursing mothers rejected censorship of breastfeeding photos and when LGBT activists insisted that photos of same-gender couples kissing shouldn’t be blocked for being “obscene.” In all of these cases, Facebook attempted to enforce a blanket set of policies on groups that have a very different set of ethics and values. I’ve found that the people who lose from this approach are those on the margins, whose identities and experiences are least likely to be anticipated by designers without significant experiences of marginalization. A generic, rootless place Online life can be thought of as a place, albeit one that’s more conceptual than physical. Yet in Facebook – with its massive user base – Larratt sees a kind of placelessness, much as the generic predictability of Wal-Mart contrasts with the authentic idiosyncrasies of a locally owned grocery store. The blandness of Facebook’s interface and the lack of options to customize or personalize its design contribute to this feeling. Today, many think the internet is best accessed through a mobile device, which is sometimes labeled as a “mobile first” approach to design. Mobile first assumes that people will access the internet from a smartphone rather than a laptop, a design ethic that emphasizes apps and instant, seamless access, in contrast to a model of stationary and sustained attention. In other words, it’s designing for someone who wants to check the news on a lunch break or scan through reddit threads on the commute home from work. For those who value feeling as if going online is a physical meeting point, easy and fleeting connectivity can be perceived as a bad thing, trading convenience for commitment. BME’s community was built up through sustained and regular participation. It’s the difference between grabbing a Dunkin Donuts coffee on the way to work and being a regular at a neighborhood bar. Becoming part of a community involves hanging out, messing around and committing to local rules for participation. To be clear, I’m not making an anti-progress push against mobile devices. And I also don’t want to suggest that countercultural communities are best served by outdated technologies. But it’s worth considering whether mobility is always a good thing – and what assumptions go into the push for uninterrupted access. Technology, and more specifically digital technology, often takes the blame for fears of social isolation. Hype about video game and internet addiction, along with stereotypes linking an interest in technology to poor social skills, makes the internet an easy scapegoat. Yet researchers have found that internet access and social media use are linked to more diverse social networks. My research shows that the internet can be a powerful tool of connection and community support, especially for people who have nonmainstream interests or identities. BME was meant to provide common grounds for people with uncommon interests, and for many years it did just that, becoming an online meeting spot as well as the authoritative source for body modification information. But BME’s model lost out to mainstream platforms that prioritized bigger online audiences and more sophisticated design over niche interests and user-driven guidelines for membership and participation.   So as we continue to design platforms for an ever-growing population of users, it’s important to consider who’s going to be on the other end of the keyboard. Otherwise only a certain kind of community will flourish, while others will struggle to survive. Jessa Lingel, Assistant Professor of Communication, University of Pennsylvania This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. Jessa Lingel | The Conversation Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
News Watchdog Dangerous Doses City Council hears push to bolster drug safety at pharmacies CVS pharmacist Jeremy Aguila Antonio Perez / Chicago Tribune CVS pharmacist Jeremy Aguila speaks during a Chicago City Council Finance Committee meeting March 28, 2017. CVS pharmacist Jeremy Aguila speaks during a Chicago City Council Finance Committee meeting March 28, 2017. (Antonio Perez / Chicago Tribune) Ray LongContact ReporterChicago Tribune Warning that pharmacies are putting "profits over people," a drugstore pharmacist urged Chicago aldermen on Tuesday to approve a city proposal designed to improve customer safety by easing pressure on pharmacists to speed through prescription orders and limiting their work hours. Jeremy Aguila, of Chicago, who works at a CVS store in Skokie, joined a top Teamsters official in support of the proposal brought before the City Council Finance Committee by Chairman Ald. Edward Burke, 14th. The ordinance was inspired by a 2016 Tribune investigation that found 52 percent of 255 pharmacies tested in the Chicago region and nearby states failed to warn customers about prescription drug interactions that could be harmful or fatal. Pharmacists are "missing all of these interactions" because employers don't give them enough time or provide enough staff to check prescriptions properly, Aguila said. "As a result, speed has taken a priority," Aguila said. "And getting things done fast is given 10 times more importance over getting things done correctly." He said he is thrilled when CVS performs well financially. "But I don't like it being done at the expense of my patients' safety and my conscience at the end of the day," Aguila said. Pharmacies miss half of dangerous drug combinations Sam Roe, Ray Long and Karisa King The Tribune reporter walked into an Evanston CVS pharmacy carrying two prescriptions: one for a common antibiotic, the other for a popular anti-cholesterol drug. Taken alone, these two drugs, clarithromycin and simvastatin, are relatively safe. But taken together they can cause a severe breakdown... The Tribune reporter walked into an Evanston CVS pharmacy carrying two prescriptions: one for a common antibiotic, the other for a popular anti-cholesterol drug. Taken alone, these two drugs, clarithromycin and simvastatin, are relatively safe. But taken together they can cause a severe breakdown... (Sam Roe, Ray Long and Karisa King) The proposal would require pharmacies in Chicago to limit the hours that pharmacists work, restrict how many prescriptions they could fill per hour, require that they get meal and break time, and provide whistleblower protection when they flag problems. Pharmacists struggle to meet management demands and still properly serve customers, Mike Ciaccio, a political point man for Teamsters Joint Council 25, told the committee. Aguila is a member of Teamsters Local 727, which represents about 650 Chicago-area pharmacists and interns at multiple CVS and Jewel-Osco stores. Burke said he patterned his city-only proposal on state legislation sponsored by Rep. Mary Flowers, D-Chicago, adding that he hoped the Chicago effort would serve as a catalyst for Illinois lawmakers to pass a statewide statute to relieve "harried and frantic" pharmacists. "Here in Chicago, we have a greater likelihood of taking action," Burke said, saying special interests are slowing down action in Springfield. Burke said he wanted to hear from pharmacy interests at a future hearing for opponents of the city proposal. Pharmacy lobbyists have called Burke's proposal unconstitutional because their industry can be regulated only by the state. But Burke, citing Chicago's inroads on such workplace issues as minimum wage and paid sick leave, said the city has a legal pathway, and he hoped to win approval. In a company statement, CVS Health said the company "is committed to delivering safe and effective pharmacy care, as well as providing our pharmacy teams with the support and resources they need to serve their patients in a prompt and safe manner." New plan aims to protect Illinois pharmacy customers from dangerous drug interactions Ray Long and Sam Roe Responding to a Tribune investigation that found drugstores frequently failed to warn customers about potentially dangerous drug interactions, Gov. Bruce Rauner is unveiling a major plan designed to improve public safety at pharmacies throughout the state. The administration's proposal would require... Responding to a Tribune investigation that found drugstores frequently failed to warn customers about potentially dangerous drug interactions, Gov. Bruce Rauner is unveiling a major plan designed to improve public safety at pharmacies throughout the state. The administration's proposal would require... (Ray Long and Sam Roe) "Any new law enacted by the city or state needs to preserve the ability of our pharmacists to provide the highest standard of care to patients, while maintaining the level of safe, timely service that our customers expect to receive from us," CVS wrote. The Tribune's investigation, published in December, found pharmacists frequently race through legally required drug safety reviews or skip them altogether. In Illinois, pharmacies are required to conduct several safety checks, including whether the dose is reasonable and whether the medication might interact with other drugs the patient is taking. Among the seven pharmacy chains tested, CVS had the highest failure rate at 63 percent. Walgreens had the lowest, at 30 percent. Independent pharmacies had the highest failure rate overall, at 72 percent. CVS, Walgreens and Wal-Mart each promised to take significant steps to improve patient safety nationwide. Combined, the actions affect 22,000 drugstores and involve additional training for 123,000 pharmacists and technicians. Wal-Mart had a 43 percent failure rate in the Tribune's tests. Following the Tribune report, Republican Gov. Bruce Rauner responded with proposals to require pharmacists to counsel patients about risky drug combinations and other significant issues when buying a medication for the first time or when a prescription changes. Illinois now requires pharmacies to merely offer counseling, something often achieved by asking a brief question at the cash register, such as: "Any questions for the pharmacist today?" The counseling initiative is working its way through a state regulatory process. The governor also directed state inspectors to put more emphasis on adverse drug reactions and plans to deploy "mystery shoppers" to check on pharmacy performances. Pharmacy groups talk reforms after Tribune report on risky drug interactions Ray Long and Sam Roe Citing a Tribune investigation into dangerous drug interactions, the head of the nation's top association of pharmacy regulators is urging states to enact tough laws to require pharmacists to counsel patients when they pick up medications. "Counseling has to occur," said Carmen Catizone, executive... Citing a Tribune investigation into dangerous drug interactions, the head of the nation's top association of pharmacy regulators is urging states to enact tough laws to require pharmacists to counsel patients when they pick up medications. "Counseling has to occur," said Carmen Catizone, executive... (Ray Long and Sam Roe) In Springfield last month, Flowers and Rep. Mike Zalewski, D-Riverside, saw pharmacy lobbyists put up heavy opposition to her legislation in a sometimes-contentious House committee hearing, but no vote was taken. The two Democrats hope to gain leverage by setting a tight timetable. The state's pharmacy act is set to expire Jan. 1, 2018, a common process in regulatory laws that gives legislators a chance to consider whether changes are needed. Typically, legislators renew regulatory laws for 10 years. But Zalewski has filed an amendment that would renew the pharmacy act for only one year instead of 10. The amendment, approved 15-0 in a committee Wednesday, would create the task force and have it report back Sept. 1, 2018 — only months before the law would again expire on Jan. 1, 2019. Rob Karr, president of the Illinois Retail Merchants Association, which includes small independent pharmacies and major chains, opposed the tougher initial Flowers legislation but said his group is "OK with the task force." When asked whether his group could reach a compromise, Karr cautioned that the issues are not simple. "We'll see what the discussion bears out," he said. Flowers contended pharmacists need relief from distractions that range from giving flu shots to chasing down doctors about drug interactions. "This is a life-and-death situation," Flowers said. "This is too important of an issue for us to get it wrong." rlong@chicagotribune.com Twitter @RayLong Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Drugs and Medicines CVS Health Walgreens Mary E Flowers Big data offers new way to find hidden drug interactions Mix of medications leaves woman fighting for life Pharmacies miss half of dangerous drug combinations Sports Breaking RedEye Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 43°
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Community News Sports Troubleshooters Investigation Entertainment Politics Today's Tips Art of Aging 6abc Loves the Arts Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly Visions The Flower Show Live Well Network Puerto Rican Panorama Join the Action! Send your pictures and videos to Action News! Follow Us FOOD & DRINK Chicken nuggets, chicken fries and patties recalled due to possible contamination Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://6abc.com/video/embed/?pid=1822443" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> WPVI Tuesday, March 28, 2017 09:36PM HOUSTON (WPVI) -- Nearly one million pounds of breaded chicken items are being recalled due to a possible contamination. OK Food Inc. is recalling the chicken after some customers found metal objects in their food. Several brands are part of the recall, including Walmart's Great Value. According to a press release, the problem was discovered on March 21 after five consumers complained about the metal objects. After an investigation, inspectors identified the objects as ones from a conveyor belt. "There have been no confirmed reports of adverse reactions due to consumption of these products. Anyone concerned about an injury or illness should contact a healthcare provider," the press release read. If you have any questions, call(479) 312-2409. A full list of recalled items can be found here. Related Topics: foodconsumerrecallchicken Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 WPVI-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. FOOD & DRINK The difference between 'whisky' and 'whiskey' FYI Philly: A break for brunch FYI Philly: Introducing James and Friday Saturday Sunday FYI Philly: Access granted to new restaurants More Food & Drink Top Stories Police: Woman forced into van, officer struck in SW Philly Man killed in officer-involved shooting in New Castle County Delaware County program tackling opioid addiction U.S. judge in Hawaii extends halt on Trump travel ban Man gets life in rape, murder of Drexel University grad Truck fire causes traffic delays on I-95 SB in Port Richmond Police: Student aide brought gun to Drexel Hill Middle School Show More 13 killed, 2 hurt when church bus and truck crash in Texas Samsung's Galaxy S8 phone aims to dispel the Note 7 debacle Teen arrested for vandalism of Tacony synagogue Man accused of killing 81-year-old on Christmas Eve appears in court 2 former Christie aides get prison for bridge revenge plot More News Top Video Police: Woman forced into van, officer struck in SW Philly Man killed in officer-involved shooting in New Castle County Delaware County program tackling opioid addiction Man gets life in rape, murder of Drexel University grad More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Community News Sports Troubleshooters Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly Visions The Flower Show Live Well Network Puerto Rican Panorama Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Community News Sports Troubleshooters About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WPVI-TV Philadelphia. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Community News Sports Troubleshooters Investigation Entertainment Politics Today's Tips Art of Aging 6abc Loves the Arts Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly Visions The Flower Show Live Well Network Puerto Rican Panorama Join the Action! Send your pictures and videos to Action News! Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WPVI-TV Philadelphia
Facebook Pinterest Instagram Search Everyday Cooking Meal Planning Grocery Shopping Budget Smart Tips Kitchn Meal Plans Kitchn Menus How To Cooking Lessons Baking Lessons Knife Lessons Meat Lessons Pro Technique Surprising Ideas Cooking School Baking School Living At Home With... Kitchn Life Opinion LOL Healthy Living Children Organizing & Cleaning Cleaning Cleaning Tools Organizing Rental Kitchens Pantry Set Up a Kitchen Gather Kitchn Gatherings Cocktails Dinner for a Crowd Great Gifts Weddings Etiquette Holidays Gift Guides Travel Shopping Recipes Breakfast Lunch Dinner Snacks Dessert Cocktails Baking Videos Are Microwave Drawers Worth the Extra Expense? The Smart Appliance Shopper Are Microwave Drawers Worth the Extra Expense? Brittany Burke Mar 27, 2017 Appliances Microwaves Home Share Pin It Email Share Email (Image credit: Sharp) Share Email I'm going to take a wild guess and assume that your favorite thing about your kitchen is not the microwave. The gorgeous morning light? Sure. The reclaimed wood table? Definitely. Your new oven? Yay! The microwave? Well, that's usually more of a functional necessity than anyone's hallmark piece. That's not to mention that it poses its own set of design challenges. You could leave it floating on a countertop, but then your work space might look cluttered. You could get one that goes above your range, but those types don't have the bandwidth to ventilate as well as typical hoods, so that's a tough compromise for an everyday cook. There are even built-in oven/microwave options, but that's assuming you're not the type to want a stovetop that includes an oven. If you have a big pantry (lucky duck!), you can always tuck the microwave away, but then it's not super easy to access. It's all a bit of a Goldilocks situation, you know? Enter: the microwave drawer. Instead of having a free-standing appliance, these slip flush into your cabinetry and slide out to open. Unlike the standard microwaves you can buy for $50 at Walmart, these high-tech drawers start in the $900 range and go up from there. Is the splurge worth it? Check out this list of pros and then you tell us. 1. They're much easier to open and close. Just like a lot of things in life — like scissors and inky ballpoint pens — traditional microwaves favor right-handed people. The buttons are usually on the right and the door swings out to allow easy access for right-handed people. A microwave drawer has no preference for righties or lefties. It just slides out and is an equal opportunity reheater. 2. They cut out a lot of the danger. If you've ever kept a microwave on top of your fridge (or anywhere high up), you know what I'm talking about here. Reaching up for something hot is a very bad idea — and yet so many people think it's normal! Moving hot dishes from the microwave to countertop becomes less precarious when you have a drawer-style microwave 3. They're childproof. Most microwave drawers have a lockout feature that can require a user to enter a passcode before the door opens. That way, nothing can get in that isn't meant to be there (unless Barbie slips in while you're not looking — she's sneaky like that). 4. They're a breeze to clean. Microwave drawers don't have plates (you know, those turntables that always seem to stop spinning eventually). They're just one big space that you can easily wipe clean — no plates, grooves, or perfect puzzle pieces to worry about! You can also just bend down to clean, versus straining on your tippy toes to reach the very back of a deep, high-up machine. 5. They make good use of space. Remember all those placement options I talked about earlier? Yeah, none of them are really ideal. By putting a microwave drawer in a kitchen island or under the countertop, you can free up counter space and have the ultimate appliance layout. Thoughts? Is a microwave drawer a worthy splurge? More posts in The Smart Appliance Shopper 5 Questions to Ask Yourself Before Buying a New Dishwasher You are on the last post of the series. Share Email Submit a story Got a tip, kitchen tour, or other story our readers should see? Tell us about it! © 1994–2017 Apartment Therapy, LLC. Advertise With Us About Contact Press Privacy Policy Our Team Jobs Site Map Created with Sketch.
My SUN+ account Logout Search Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Edmonton Sun Thursday March 30 2017 Home News In News Edmonton Alberta Canada World Weird Archives Sports In Sports Latest Scores Oilers Eskimos Lacrosse Hockey Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Curling Tennis Golf Mixed Martial Arts Other Sports Archives Entertainment In Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Books Stage Archives Life In Life Sex Files Health & Fitness YEG Man Eat Fashion Sun in the Community Archives Tech In Tech News Gadgets Gaming Archives Money In Money Money Home Search Jobs Archives Travel In Travel Alberta Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion In Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos In Photos Videos In Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Sunshine Girl Snowscene Sunshine Girl In Sunshine Girl Become a Sunshine Girl Archives Moremore Flyers This week Snow Scene As Advertised Edmonton Motor Show Homes Weather Golf Twitter / Facebook Contests Special Sections Lottery results Manage my account Read E-edition Must Reads Edmonton Alberta Canada World Weird Archives News Canada MANDEL Killer seeks new trial but victim's mom sure he will 'rot in hell' By Michele Mandel, Toronto Sun First posted: Tuesday, March 28, 2017 05:42 PM MDT | Updated: Tuesday, March 28, 2017 05:53 PM MDT Kenneth Mark Murder 2 sec. 3 sec. 4 sec. 5 sec. 6 sec. Previous Next Gentle giant Kenneth Mark was murdered as 2009 came to a wintry close. Lamar (Ammo) Skeete was found guilty of first-degree murder in the shooting death of Kenneth Mark on Dec. 29, 2009. Article Tweet Change text size for the story Print this story Report an error TORONTO -  He was killed for doing the right thing, for ignoring the code of silence, and daring to “crack to coppers.” And for that, gentle giant Kenneth Mark was murdered as 2009 came to a wintry close. Now more than seven years after burying her son, Maureen Mark was in the Ontario Court of Appeal as her child’s killer fought for a new trial. “My good, good son has been taken. No way, hell would have to freeze over, that I wouldn’t be here,” she explained. But at one point it was all too much, and she had to flee the courtroom in tears. “From the day my son died, there is pain every day. You go to bed, your heart is bleeding. You wake up, your heart is bleeding. You’re lost.” Former rapper Lamar Skeete is serving a life sentence for the Dec. 29, 2009 execution of her 30-year-old son. Lawyer Timothy Breen told the appeal court that the first-degree murder case against Skeete was wholly circumstantial and Justice Ian Nordheimer erred by allowing the jury to hear “highly prejudicial” evidence the Crown used to prove motive: Rap lyrics the murder suspect wrote while in the Don Jail that included the line, “Real niggas don’t crack to the coppers,” and the details behind an earlier murder attempt on Mark that was eventually withdrawn against Skeete a year before the killing. Mark was a Walmart supervisor known to be a quiet and gentle man. But when he heard Skeete’s younger brother had been flashing a firearm in front of his nieces in the St. Clair Ave. W. housing project where they lived, the angry uncle used his full 6-foot-4, 307-pound size to pull the kid by the collar off his bike and order him to stay away. A few days later, on Sept. 2, 2008, Mark was blasted in the back with 57 buckshot pellets from a shotgun. He recognized the masked attackers as Skeete and his brother but was originally reluctant to identify them. After a police community meeting a few months later, he broke his silence and gave a videotaped statement. It was a brave move. As Nordheimer would later say, Mark was the kind of “young man we need in this city ... He was someone who worked to build his community up, not tear it down.” And for that, he was killed. Skeete, already in jail at the time for robbery, and his brother were both arrested for attempted murder. The Crown eventually dropped the charge against Skeete because they saw no reasonable prospect of conviction. The case against his brother went ahead with Mark testifying — but the youth was acquitted because the judge wasn’t convinced of his identification beyond a reasonable doubt. Thirteen months after the charges were laid, both brothers were free. And 12 days later, Mark was picking up his favourite dinner of wings and fries when he was shot again, this time with a fatal .22-calibre bullet to the back of his head. Crown attorneys Mary Humphrey and Karen Simone would argue at trial that Skeete either ordered the murder or did the deed himself as retribution for breaking the code and ratting him out to police. But on appeal, his lawyer said the jury shouldn’t have been told about the men’s past history — especially since Skeete wasn’t convicted of the attempted murder. It unfairly led jurors to assume that he would use a gun again, Breen said. The jury should have been kept in the dark rather than have the context to what transpired. The lawyer also raised the race card — telling the panel of appeal judges that “we live in a racist society” and introducing Skeete’s rap lyrics tainted the jury by reinforcing the “racial stereotype that rap is the language of known criminals.” The court reserved its judgment. “I’m not worried,” Mark’s mother said at the end of the long day of argument. “I have faith the judges have all the evidence and they’re going to make the right decision. “Like I told him on the day of the verdict: ‘You’re going to rot in hell.’ He’s not going anywhere.” mmandel@postmedia.com As Advertised in the Edmonton SUN MANDEL Killer seeks new trial but victim's mom sure he will 'rot in hell' By Michele Mandel, Toronto Sun First posted: Tuesday, March 28, 2017 05:42 PM MDT | Updated: Tuesday, March 28, 2017 05:53 PM MDT He was killed for doing the right thing, for ignoring the code of silence, and daring to “crack to coppers.” And for that, gentle giant Kenneth Mark was murdered as 2009 came to a wintry close. Now more than seven years after burying her son, Maureen Mark was in the Ontario Court of Appeal as her child’s killer fought for a new trial. “My good, good son has been taken. No way, hell would have to freeze over, that I wouldn’t be here,” she explained. But at one point it was all too much, and she had to flee the courtroom in tears. “From the day my son died, there is pain every day. You go to bed, your heart is bleeding. You wake up, your heart is bleeding. You’re lost.” Former rapper Lamar Skeete is serving a life sentence for the Dec. 29, 2009 execution of her 30-year-old son. Also in this article Kenneth Mark Murder About the author Michele Mandel Other Stories Patients left in dark about stalker doc A prominent GTA cardiologist won’t be reinstated at William Osler Health System after threatening and cyberstalking a nurse with whom he’d developed “a one-sided obsession.” Judge blasts feuding couple for wasting taxdollars What an outrageous waste of taxpayers’ dollars. See more from Michele Mandel » Top stories Popular Latest Videos Barnes: The wait is over for Jordan Eberle Red Deer host to Alberta's first craft beer convention Nolan Crouse drops out of Alberta Liberal leadership race Edmonton police looking for tips in year-old double homicide in southwest Education minister says Jason Kenney an 'extreme' on gay-straight alliances Longstanding issues for Alberta Children's Services can be resolved Ivanka Trump to become unpaid White House employee 'Historic moment': Kings, Canucks to play preseason games in China Red Deer host to Alberta's first craft beer convention Nolan Crouse drops out of Alberta Liberal leadership race World Women's Curling Championship winners return to Canada Police investigate two car crash in Delton RAW Aerial Park Police shooting scene and ETS bus AUPE Local 47 protest More from Canada Heckler calls Trudeau a 'scumbag' Credibility of witness in child abuse case questioned Cat that went missing in California found in Guelph Cops looking into report of radicalized Montreal airport workers Canadian airport employees ID’d as ISIS supporters: Report Inside Edmonton sun.com Home Rounds Fore Less 2016 Home Send/read letters News Ivanka Trump will be White House staff News 13 killed after bus, truck collide in Texas Entertainment Accountants' cells banned after Oscar flub Entertainment 'Fresh Prince' aunt takes aim at cast reunion Sports Kings, Canucks to play in China Sports Henderson feels her game is really close News Red Deer to host craft beer convention News Nolan Crouse drops out of Alberta Liberal race News Former education minister says board should merge News Kenney an 'extreme' on GSAs: Eggen Home Mobile version News Edmonton Alberta Canada World Weird Archives Sports Latest Scores Oilers Eskimos Lacrosse Hockey Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Curling Tennis Golf MMA Other Sports Archives Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Books Stage Archives Life Sex Files Health & Fitness YEG Man Eat Fashion Sun in the Community Archives Tech News Gadgets Gaming Archives Money Money Home Search Jobs Archives Travel Alberta Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Sunshine Girl Snowscene Flyers This week Snow Scene As Advertised Edmonton Motor Show Homes Weather Golf Twitter / Facebook Contests Special Sections Lottery results Manage my account Read E-edition Must Reads Sunshine Girl Follow Rss Facebook Twitter Subscribe Sun+ Print mobile Manage my account Buy SUN items Archives & Services Page Edmonton Sun Contact Us Letters to the editor Online Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Advertise In print Online Classified Advertising Opportunities Sun publications Toronto Sun Ottawa Sun Winnipeg Sun Calgary Sun More Publications Site map Privacy policy Terms & conditions Powered by Fatwire Canoe Sun Media is a member of Copyright © 2016 All rights reserved
Advertisement Home News Mobile PC & Tablet Operator Apps Gaming TV & Audio Accessories Home appliance Camera Digital Compare Mobile PC & Tablet Reviews Mobile PC & Tablet Apps TV & Audio Home appliance Camera Accessories Gaming First Cut Gallery Mobile PC & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera Accessories Videos Mobile PC & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera Accessories App Web Gaming Product finder Mobiles Tablets Laptop Camera Tv Refrigetator forum Recharge Top 5 Mobile Pc & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera How To Mobile PC & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera App हिन्दी Home » News » Mobile » Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ pricing and availability revealed Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ pricing and availability revealed By: Rohan Pal, The Mobile Indian, New Delhi Last updated : Thursday, March 30, 2017 - 10:27 The flagship devices will be available for pre-order starting from March 30 in the US, while the users can book the device starting from today in different European countries. Samsung has finally introduced its latest flagship devices, the Galaxy S8 and S8+, and now the company has unveiled the US and UK pricing and availability of the smartphones. The flagship devices will be available for pre-order starting from March 30 in the US, while the users can book the device starting from today in different European countries. The phone is set to hit shelves on April 21.   The Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ will be available in Midnight Black, Orchid Gray, Arctic Silver, Coral Blue and Maple Gold colour options. Users can pre-order the devices from AT&T, Cricket Wireless, Sprint, Straight Talk Wireless, T-Mobile, U.S. Cellular, and Verizon Wireless in the US. In addition, the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ will be available at all Best Buy stores as well as BestBuy.com, ShopSamsung app, Target and Walmart. All the major carriers in the US and UK has already announced the pricing of both the devices. Starting with US carrier Verizon, the company is offering the Galaxy S8 for $720 (approx. Rs 46753) or $30 per month for 24 months, while the S8+ goes for $840 (approx. Rs  54545) or $35 for 24 months. Verizon also stated that those who are opting for pre-orders will get  the Gear VR with controller and Oculus content pack. A limited edition premium bundle which adds a 256GB memory card and Bluetooth headphones by AKG will also be available for $99. AT&T will sell the Galaxy S8 for a slightly higher price at $750 (approx. Rs 48701) with an option to get it for $25 per month for 30 months or $31.25 per month for 24 months. The Plus variant is priced  for $850 (approx. Rs 55194) with an option to get it for $28.34 per month for 30 months or $35.42 for 24 months. AT&T is offering a free Gear VR with Controller and Oculus content pack as well. In the UK, pre-orders will end on April 19 at many operators and retailers, including Sky Mobile, Tesco Mobile, EE, and Tesco Mobile. The Galaxy S8 is priced at £689 (approx Rs 55,694) in the UK, while the Galaxy S8+ £779 (approx Rs 62,696) and will be available only in Midnight Black and Orchid Grey at the starting and the Arctic Silver version will be introduced later. Samsung Samsung Galaxy S8 price Samsung Galaxy S8 availability Samsung Galaxy S8+ price Samsung Galaxy S8+ availablity Samsung Galaxy S8 features Samsung Galaxy S8+ features First Published : Thursday, March 30, 2017 - 10:27 Similar News Samsung Galaxy S8: Here are our top 8 features Samsung finally unveils Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ with Infinity Display, new virtual assistant and more Android Nougat update rolled out Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ in India Samsung Galaxy S8 user manual leak just before official launch, Vodafone leaks the pricing Samsung Galaxy S8 to launch today: Specifications, Price, Live Stream and more Android Nougat update rolled out for Samsung Galaxy Note 5 in India Advertisement Hot Trend on TMI Lenovo Z2 Plus gets a price cut again Alleged LG V30 front panel images leaked, shows dual front camera Xiaomi Redmi 4A second flash sale today at 12PM Oppo F3 Plus with Android 7.1.1 Nougat spotted on GFXBench Xiaomi MBT6A5 with 4GB RAM, deca core CPU spotted Samsung Galaxy S8: Here are our top 8 features Advertisement Product Finder Advertisement FOLLOW US ON Facebook Twitter Google Plus Youtube How To on TMI How to use your Android smartphone camera as webcam How to bring back the old WhatsApp Messenger: Step-by-Step Guide How to enable Google Assistant on your Android smartphone How to speed up your Android smartphone How to disable troublesome notifications from any app in Android Latest on TMI 01 Lenovo Z2 Plus gets a price cut again 02 Alleged LG V30 front panel images leaked, shows dual front camera 03 Reliance Jio Prime membership deadline is tomorrow: Subscribe or No Subscribe? 04 Xiaomi Redmi 4A second flash sale today at 12PM 05 Oppo F3 Plus with Android 7.1.1 Nougat spotted on GFXBench The Mobile Indian Latest Mobiles Micromax Dual 5 Rs.24999 Panasonic Eluga Ray Max 32GB Rs.11499 Panasonic Eluga Ray Max 64GB Rs.12499 Panasonic Eluga Ray X Rs.8999 Intex Aqua 4G Mini Rs.4199 LG Stylus 3 Rs.18500 Advertisement   Know Us About Us Advertise Contact Us Privacy Policy Articles News Reviews How To Top 5 Device Finder Mobiles Tablets Laptop Camera TV Refrigetator CONTACT US Contact Us Copyright © 2017 the mobile indian.
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Economy Amazon plans layoffs at Quidsi unit after losses Amazon plans layoffs at Quidsi unit after losses Source : By : Jeffrey Dastin Last Updated: Thu, Mar 30, 2017 09:40 hrs Tweet Mail Print Amazon.com Inc plans to cut 263 jobs at its money-losing parenting products unit Quidsi this summer as part of a business restructuring, it said in a notice filed with New Jersey on Wednesday. The New Jersey-based subsidiary operates Diapers.com, Soap.com and other websites. "We have worked extremely hard for the past seven years to get Quidsi to be profitable and unfortunately we have not been able to do so," an Amazon spokeswoman said in a statement. Quidsi's software development team will focus on building technology for the grocery delivery service AmazonFresh, the statement said. The move underscores a shift in Amazon's focus to groceries and other areas since it closed its $500 million cash acquisition of Quidsi in 2011. Fresh food represents a large and fledgling market for online retailers, in contrast to goods such diapers that have been the subject of price wars in recent years. "Consumables like soap and pet food are often priced very competitively by retailers in order to drive price perception and ultimately drive online and in-store traffic," said Guru Hariharan, chief executive of retail technology company Boomerang Commerce. "While unfortunate, the shutting down of the Quidsi sites isn't completely surprising." The market appeared to welcome Amazon's attention to losses at the subsidiary, unusual for a company that has prioritised long-term investments over profit. Amazon's stock briefly hit a record high of $876.44 before closing at $874.32. Its chief executive and largest shareholder, Jeff Bezos, gained nearly $1.5 billion from the 2.1 percent stock rise. SHOT AT RIVAL? Quidsi was co-founded by Marc Lore, who sold the company during heated competition from Amazon "Mom" subscriptions that offered free shipping and perks on baby items. Amazon has been keen to attract subscribers, who order more goods more often, and now is estimated to have more than 50 million U.S. members in its fast-shipping club Prime. Lore went on to found e-commerce startup Jet.com, which was acquired by Wal-Mart Stores Inc last year in an attempt to rival Amazon online. Lore now is CEO of Wal-Mart's U.S. e-commerce division. "It is likely that Prime has grown to the point where members no longer separately shop on Diapers.com or Soap.com so maintenance of separate product-specific sites makes less sense," Wedbush Securities analyst Michael Pachter said. "It is possible that they are taking a shot at Mark Lore for competition at Wal-Mart." Amazon on Tuesday announced a test phase of AmazonFresh Pickup, similar to a programme offered by Wal-Mart and other grocers. Customers order online and schedule a pickup at stores. The news about Quidsi was reported earlier by Bloomberg. SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 27500.00 (0.04%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28060.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 27800.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 27940.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27000.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27000.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 27490.00 (0%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 40860.00 (-0.23%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 40860.00 (-0.23%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 40860.00 (-0.23%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 40860.00 (-0.23%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 40860.00 (-0.23%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Business Like Follow Follow Amazon will shut down Diapers.com and a bunch of other sites 524 Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Amazon bought Quidli in 2010. Image: David Ryder/Getty Images By Patrick Kulp2017-03-30 03:21:44 UTC Diapers.com won't sell diapers for much longer. Amazon said Wednesday it plans to shutter the baby-care site and a handful of other specialty brands under the umbrella of its Quidsi unit, including Soaps.com, toy site Yoyo.com and pet supply shop Wag.com. The online shopping giant bought Quidsi in 2010 for half a billion dollars, making it one of its biggest acquisition to date. SEE ALSO: Amazon's Alexa has mad skills. 10,000 of them, to be exact. But Amazon said it was never able to make the company profitable in the years since. “We have worked extremely hard for the past seven years to get Quidsi to be profitable, and unfortunately we have not been able to do so,” a spokesperson said in a statement. The goods sold across the suite of sites will be absorbed into Amazon's own inventory, and Quidsi's team of software developers will join AmazonFresh, the company's grocery delivery division. Another 263 Quidsi employees will be laid off. Quidsi was founded by Marc Lore, who went on to launch Jet.com and later sell it to Walmart.   Aside from a short stint working there, Lore has spent the better part of his career battling Amazon. He agreed to sell Quidsi only after its future parent waged a brutal price war against it, and he then brazenly challenged Amazon's supremacy with Jet.  Now, as head of Walmart's e-commerce operations, he's in charge of Amazon's biggest competitor in the United States. The news of Quidsi's closure comes the day after Amazon confirmed its purchase of the Middle Eastern shopping site Souq.com in a deal reportedly valued at around $650 million. WATCH: Mom compares Amazon drone to an eagle catching a fish Topics: amazon, Business, Diapers.com, Quidsi About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: journalstar.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $13.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Contact us Sections News Local News Crime and Courts Nebraska Government and Politics Legislature Business National Records Sports Husker Extra Life in the Red High School Stars Saltdogs Outdoors Star City Sports National sports news Obituaries Photos Mugshots Opinion Entertainment Dining Games & Puzzles Movies Music People Performing Arts Calendar TV Listings Lifestyles Food and Cooking Home and Garden Faith and Values Star City Health Celebrate Nebraska! Puzzles L Magazine Neighborhood Extra Weather Lincoln Journal Star e-Edition Buy and Sell Buy & Sell Business Directory Today's Print Ads Today's Deal Coupons Weekly Ads Autos Homes Jobs Contacts Search Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 42° Lincoln, NE (68508) Today Rain showers early with overcast skies later in the day. High near 45F. Winds N at 15 to 25 mph. Chance of rain 40%.. Tonight Cloudy skies early will become partly cloudy later at night. Low around 35F. Winds N at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: March 30, 2017 @ 12:54 am Full Forecast News Huskers Obituaries Mugshots Buy & Sell Close 1 of 2 Buy Now GWYNETH ROBERTS, Journal Star During lent, Allison Van Boening (left) and Tosha Benes have been collecting feminine hygiene products for donation. Buy Now GWYNETH ROBERTS, Journal Star During lent, Allison Van Boening and Tosha Benes have been collecting feminine hygiene products for donation. featured Cindy Lange-Kubick: The Tower of Tampons, giving back for Lent CINDY LANGE-KUBICK Column Cindy Lange-Kubick | Lincoln Journal Star Mar 29, 2017 Updated 2 hrs ago (…) Cindy Lange-Kubick | Lincoln Journal Star Cindy Lange-Kubick joined the Lincoln Journal Star in 1994 and has loved covering life in her hometown ever since. Will write for chocolate. Or coffee. Follow Cindy Lange-Kubick | Lincoln Journal Star Close Get email notifications on Cindy Lange-Kubick | Lincoln Journal Star daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Cindy Lange-Kubick | Lincoln Journal Star posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Cindy Lange-Kubick | Lincoln Journal Star Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Buy Now GWYNETH ROBERTS, Journal Star During lent, Allison Van Boening (left) and Tosha Benes have been collecting feminine hygiene products for donation. Buy Now GWYNETH ROBERTS, Journal Star During lent, Allison Van Boening and Tosha Benes have been collecting feminine hygiene products for donation. One year they gave up sweets. And one year they gave up fast food. And this year in the spirit of Lent, instead of giving something up, Allison Van Boening and Tosha Benes decided to give something back. Tampons: a menstruating woman’s best friend and absorbent constant companion. It’s been nearly four weeks since the owners of Purely Maid, a housecleaning company run on woman power and natural cleaning products, put out the word that they were collecting tampons and sanitary pads (and other items from the feminine hygiene aisle) to those in need. As I write these words, the Tower of Tampons is taking shape in Tosha’s basement. Dozens of boxes of tampons (super and regular!), packages of pads (panty liners and full-sized), packets of sanitary wipes and bottles of Midol ready to be distributed to those who can’t afford them. The response has been amazing. “I have so much stuff at my house and we’re only halfway through,” Tosha said. “We still have cash to spend and we have a couple of weeks left to go.” They came up with the idea after discussing their Lenten options in March. “We thought we should do something that would actually make a difference,” Allison said. “And we wanted to do something female-oriented, because that’s what we are, and we’re both single moms so we can identify with having to sacrifice something for your kids.” (Note to the uninitiated: Tampons are expensive and skipping them to buy milk and bread isn’t a very viable option.) Giving back was a natural fit for two women with backgrounds in human services. They love what they do, Tosha said. But there was an “empty space in our hearts” when they stopped working in the field. “So we try to find small things to do in our community to still be helpful.” They’ve held clothing drives for the People’s City Mission Distribution Center and collected socks and hats for The Bay as part of its Skate for Change program. The women met a decade ago, while working at the Adolescent Psych Unit at Bryan Campus West. One day a nurse on the unit said she’d pay to have a clean house. Tosha was a busy new mom but Allison hadn’t had kids yet so she agreed to take on the task. “When she came back to work she said something about how long it took,” Tosha said. “I told her I’d go with her next time.” Gradually, a business was born. When the Affordable Care Act passed and they could get health insurance, they quit their day jobs and took on cleaning full time. That was four years ago. When they decided to gather tampons -- still a blush-worthy word to some -- they weren’t sure how clients would respond. “Sometimes people are weird about feminine hygiene products,” Tosha said. “It can be a little uncomfortable,” Allison said. “It’s easier for our male clients to leave us $20.” It’s also been liberating. They’ve gotten sanitary pads from new moms who needed them after their babies were born, but no longer have a use for them. And from a client who had a hysterectomy who was happy to find a home for her no-longer-needed supplies. (Menopausal women take note!) Clients have left tampons on their dining room table alongside their cleaning checks. And since Tosha and Allison requested tampons instead of tips during Lent, sometimes they arrive to find money earmarked for the purchase of products. Tampon-filled packages arrive at their homes shipped in plain brown wrappers from Wal-Mart or Amazon. Earlier this week, Tosha stopped at the Lincoln High counseling center and picked up a check from a former coworker -- and her social worker colleague -- who’d read about the drive on Facebook. “People have just been so generous,” she said. “Now we’re asking people to recommend places for us to donate -- we’re hoping to spread it out to different places around town.” Last week, the business partners took their collected cash to Target, where a spectacular tampon sale was taking place. “We wiped out two stores,” Allison said. And yes, they’ve been on the receiving end of raised eyebrows at the checkout as they unload a cart piled high with tampons. “Some of them are looking as they’re scanning, like ‘What is wrong with you?’” Tosha said. “I feel like I have to explain.” Yes, it’s that time again. Lent. Like what you just read? Subscribe today for the best in-depth coverage of local news, sports and entertainment. View our subscription options Reach the writer at 402-473-7218 or clangekubick@journalstar.com. On Twitter @TheRealCLK. To contribute to Lenten tampon drive If you want to contribute to the Purely Maid Lenten tampon drive, email purelymaid@yahoo.com Tags Cindy Lange-kubick Columns Lent Tampons Cleaning Business Tosha Benes Economics Tampon Sanitary Pad Allison Van Boening Commerce Money Cash Products Latest galleries Photos: Lincoln East races past Southeast in the rain Photos: Children's Zoo expansion PhotoFiles: Devastating tornadoes in Nebraska history Your daily 6: Chasing storm kills storm-chasers, politics of a pat-down and crayon gets the ax Photos: Nebraska bludgeons Kansas State on the diamond Photos: Huskers return to practice Most Popular Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Versatile Roofing Ads M & D Concrete Inc. of Lincoln Serving Lincoln and surrounding areas, Lincoln, NE 68502 Wilderness Station Pediatric Dentistry 8020 S 13th St, Lincoln, NE 68512 Ads The Groom Room, Inc. 1265 S Cotner Blvd, Suite 22, Lincoln, NE 68510 Ads Business Directory Latest Local Offers Mr. Yards and More LLC Never worry about mowing the lawn again! Mr. Yards is now scheduling lawn mowing services for spring 2017! Updated Mar 23, 2017 Farrington Acres Scenic lots for sale near Lincoln! If you want to get back to nature you will love our beautiful lots! Call Farrington Acres today! 402-826-2656 Updated Mar 23, 2017 Currents Health and Fitness 25 most commonly used recreational drugs in America Movies The 50 worst horror films of all time Election Live Timeline: Who is Trump's son-in-law and political advisor, Jared Kushner? Today’s top pics: 2018 World Cup qualifying soccer and more Your daily 6: Chasing storm kills storm-chasers, politics of a pat-down and crayon gets the ax Today's Birthdays, March 29: Elle Macpherson Today In History, March 29: Bill Clinton Tarasenko, Blues stay red-hot with win over Coyotes Hayward helps Jazz knock off Kings 112-82 Iginla fights and scores, Kings beat Flames in chippy game Curry scores 29, leads Warriors' rally over Spurs 110-98 1:08 Food and Cooking On-the-Go Cereal Bars 0:56 Food and Cooking French-Style Lemon Tart (Tarte au Citron) 0:42 College NCAA Tournament: South Carolina's unlikely journey to the Final Four 1:00 Food and Cooking Chocolate Cookie Crust Peanut Butter Pie Topics & Features Buy & Sell Today's Deal Mugshots Calendar Recycling Online Features Tools & Services Subscriber Services Advertise Lincoln Journal Star e-Edition RSS Alerts Contact us Services © Copyright 2017 The Lincoln Journal Star, 926 P Street Lincoln, NE | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of March 27-31, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of March 27-31, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report.   (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – The entrance to Forest Lakes South at Ashwood Boulevard and South Hollymead Drive will be closed to traffic between 9 p.m. Friday and 6 a.m. Saturday during grading and paving across the entrances. A signed detour will direct traffic to North Hollymead Drive and back to Ashwood Boulevard east of Route 29. Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Expect brief, intermittent traffic restrictions on Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane during delivery of materials; traffic controlled by flaggers. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway.   (UPDATE) Hillsdale Drive Extended – Flagging operations on Greenbrier Drive between Route 29 and Hillsdale Drive Monday. One-lane traffic controlled by flaggers; brief delays are likely. Pedestrians should be alert for construction equipment moving in and out of the work zone. Line Drive is closed to traffic between India Road and Zan Road through late April. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsTravel, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ROUTE 3 TRAFFIC SHIFT SET FOR MARCH 29 IN STEVENSBURG – Motorists should stay alert for new traffic pattern near York Road Next PostNext VDOT Bristol News Releases Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main navigation Top Navigation SECTIONS News Arts Life Sports Opinion Obituaries Events Galleries Classified CapRegion Cars CapRegion Homes CapRegion Jobs Classified Rentals Login Subscribe Home News Local State National/World Business Education Arts Theater & Dance Music Movies Books Galleries & Museums Life Food Health History Home Restaurants Sports Local High School College National Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Blogs & Columns Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Blogs & Columns Obituaries Events Galleries Classified Hide Advanced Search Narrow your search News Arts Life Sports Opinion All Date Range FROM TO   Subscriber login Enter your email address. Enter the password that accompanies your email address. Forgot Password? Leave this field blank Thursday, March 30, 2017 Opinion What you need to know for 03/30/2017 Saratoga residents weigh in on charter proposal11:00 PMAsner in one-man show about prostate cancer10:03 PMPingitore goes from big name to just 'Coach'9:46 PMCEG reaches $6M capital goal for development initiative9:21 PMShow pays humorous homage to Game of Thrones8:59 PM Down to Business: Expect supermarket acquisitions to keep coming Down to Business: Expect supermarket acquisitions to keep coming It's been a busy 3-year stretch of industry mergers Marlene Kennedy | March 29, 2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE PIN EMAIL The Eastern Avenue Price Chopper in Schenectady. Photographer: PETER R. BARBER The slide called it “a busy three-year stretch,” using a bar graph to show merger and acquisition activity in the food industry in 2014, 2015 and 2016. 2014 and 2016 finished at 500 deals each, the slide showed, with 2015 at 400. And while many of the deals involved food processors, supermarket M&A, as it is known, stood at 100 total deals over those three years, according to The Food Institute, the industry trade group that compiled the data. The group presented a webinar last week that quantified the multiyear deal-making and offered some perspective on market forces at work this year. One key observation — underscored by those 100 supermarket deals — was that traditional grocers are in the midst of a new wave of consolidation. Karen Martin, managing director in the M&A group of investment banker BMO Capital Markets in Chicago, illustrated that with a 20-year timeline showing many deals bunched together in the 2010-to-2016 period. Kroger, the country’s largest supermarket chain, was a frequently named acquirer. 2016 also saw the merger of European grocers Ahold and Delhaize, which brought East Coast chains Giant, Stop & Shop, Food Lion and Hannaford under the same corporate umbrella. Martin said consolidation was creating a “scarcity of large, strong, regional players” that will just amp up competition among the bigger grocers for the chains that are left. David Schoeder, principal in The Food Partners in suburban Washington, D.C., an investment banker to the food industry, said he saw this year being a busy one for supermarket M&A activity. He said he anticipates “a lot of consolidation” involving smaller, family-run chains in which the CEO is getting older and there is no next generation to pass the business to. One slide Schoeder had in his deck referred to Schenectady-based Price Chopper, which late last year was reported by Reuters to be in “advanced talks” with grocer Albertsons Cos. The slide called that potential deal “a prime example” of the kind of business combinations that regional chains will be exploring to remain competitive. Schoeder passed over the slide during the webinar and declined to discuss it afterward. His slides offered a Top 30 list of national grocery retailers, ranked by sales, that put Wal-Mart at No. 1. The discounter has pushed into grocery sales for years, and they now make up more than half its annual revenue. Schoeder called out the Ahold-Delhaize merger as “the last mega business combination on the radar screen,” and indicated that none of the largest players on his Top 30 list was likely interested in combining with another grocer also ranked high on the list. But those in the bottom half, including a number of regional chains? They might be “an excellent add-on acquisition” for the larger companies, according to Schoeder. Price Chopper, by the way, was No. 21 on Schoeder’s list. Marlene Kennedy is a freelance columnist. Opinions expressed in her column are her own and not necessarily the newspaper’s. Reach her at marlenejkennedy@gmail.com. View Comments Hide Comments Related Content Niskayuna Co-op lays off 6 Supermarkets dug in, stayed open, dug out SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE PIN EMAIL Premium Content Jukebox: Ferry still suave, ‘one of the last class acts’ 11:14 PM Son of Johnstown man found dead in suitcase says father abused 8:46 PM Down to Business: Expect supermarket acquisitions to keep coming 8:00 PM Foss: Wanna toke up? Not in New York, my friend 6:52 PM Stay up-to-date with the Daily Gazette's PM Edition The latest news delivered directly to your inbox every day at 2 p.m. Email Address Most read in Opinion Down to Business: Expect supermarket acquisitions to keep coming Foss: I'd vote no on proposed Shen land sale Gloversville trash fee isn't fair Down to Business: Factories overlooking critical talent pool Editorial: No need for special session The locally owned voice of the capital region Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Plus Pintrest RSS The Daily Gazette Co. 2345 Maxon Rd Ext. PO Box 1090 Schenectady, NY 12301 Get Directions (518) 374-4141 © 2017 The Daily Gazette Privacy Policy Terms of Service Learn more about the Daily Gazette Advertise with the Daily Gazette Services Contact Us Activate Online Access Missed Delivery Vacation Stop FAQ Advertise Careers Place a classified ad E-Edition Quick Links Ask a Doc Fun & Games Area Legislators Places of Worship Closings Weather TV Listings All Blogs & Columns Submit a Letter Buy Photos Other Publications & Events 50+ Living Expo Your Niskayuna Your Clifton Park CapRegion Pets Footer menu © 2017 The Daily Gazette Privacy Policy Terms of Service You have 0 articles 1 articles 2 articles 3 articles 4 articles 5 articles 6 articles 7 articles remaining of Daily Gazette free premium content. You have reached your monthly premium content limit. Continue to enjoy Daily Gazette premium content by becoming a subscriber. Start here Already a subscriber? Log In
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 51 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM MAR 30, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News MAR 30, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 51 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Amazon to shut Quidsi unit, cut 263 jobs By SPENCER SOPER AND HUGH SON Bloomberg News First Published 7 hours ago    •    Updated 7 hours ago Share This Article Amazon.com is shutting down its Quidsi division, which it acquired for about $545 million in 2011, saying it has been unable to make the owner of Diapers.com and Soap.com websites profitable. More than 260 employees at Quidsi's Jersey City, N.J., headquarters and customer service operation will lose their jobs in June, according to a notification sent to the New Jersey Department of Labor. Some will be able to apply for other Amazon jobs, according to the notice. Quidsi also has warehouses in Kansas and Nevada. "We have worked extremely hard for the past seven years to get Quidsi to be profitable, and unfortunately we have not been able to do so," Seattle-based Amazon said in a statement. VIDEOS TOP JOBS "Quidsi has great brand expertise and they will continue to offer selection on Amazon.com; the software development team will focus on building technology for AmazonFresh." The closing of the unit is the latest chapter in the running feud between Amazon founder Jeff Bezos and his e-commerce nemesis Marc Lore, founder of Quidsi. Lore duked it out with Amazon over e-commerce sites such as Diapers.com. A protracted price war and tight credit market during the U.S. recession pushed Lore to sell to Amazon, where he worked until 2013 as part of the deal. Lore emerged in 2015 when his new e-commerce site, Jet.com, launched publicly with a plan to challenge Amazon yet again. He sold Jet.com to Wal-Mart Stores for $3.3 billion last year and now runs e-commerce operations for the world's biggest retailer and Amazon's top competitor. Amazon purchased the sites to eliminate a competitor and learn as much about the specialty categories as possible, and it no longer needs brands like Soap.com as stand-alone sites, said Allen Adamson, founder of Brand Simple Consulting in New York. "They sucked out any knowledge that team had and now they'll put it behind the Amazon brand and steamroll those categories," Adamson said.   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Draper pulls shelter sites after hundreds protest, boo homeless man Jennifer Rubin: Now we know why Trump panicked about Russia probe Mormon blogger trumpets alt-right racial views, but is out of tune with her religion Utah Jazz: Balanced effort leads to 112-82 win over Kings Will the Word of Wisdom ever change? ELEVATE 2017’s top six tax questions answered   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Another feather in Jeff Bezos’ space helmet: Blue Origin wins Collier Trophy RBC Signals raises $1.5 million in seed round for satellite data delivery service Pam Edstrom, 1946-2017: Microsoft’s first PR director was a technology communications pioneer Milking this for all it’s worth: Nintendo gamers take on real dairy farmers in ‘1-2-Switch’ contest Researchers say automation’s effects could keep bringing bad news to the Rust Belt Here’s what the new internet privacy bill could mean for consumers and the Seattle region Rover acquires DogVacay, its biggest competitor in the online dog-sitting marketplace Jeff Bezos provides a sneak peek at Blue Origin’s New Shepard spaceship (and suits) Report: Seattle mayor is suing President Trump over crackdown on sanctuary cities GeekWire Deals: Sleek, powerful noise-cancelling headphones that excel in form and function Amazon to shutter Diapers.com parent Quidsi, cites lack of profits 7 years after $545M acquisition Tweets aimed at embroiled GOP Rep. Devin Nunes draw fun replies from Seattle man who is @Nunes Q&A: Billionaire Richard Branson on Bill Gates’ tennis game, how he met Jeff Bezos, and more Take an online trip with a real-live salmon navigating the perils of Puget Sound, and pick which one will make it out to sea first GeekWire Deals: The ultimate online training to learn, code, and create on Raspberry Pi Seattle wellness tracking startup EveryMove acquired by personal health scanning company higi Limitless partners with High Fidelity to let people build interactive characters for VR world Samsung unveils Galaxy S8 and S8+ smartphones with redesigned screen, launch date April 21 Google adds order-ahead feature to Waze app, starting with Dunkin’ Donuts T-Mobile: Samsung Galaxy S8 will be capable of ‘gigabit class’ speeds on its network Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner Amazon Web Services jumps into call-center market with new ‘Amazon Connect’ service Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Uber GM says service may leave Seattle if landmark union law is implemented Samsung unveils Galaxy S8 and S8+ smartphones with redesigned screen, launch date April 21 Study: Parents say Pokémon Go leads to more quality time with children, among other benefits Elon Musk reportedly backs Neuralink venture to connect brains with computers This Week in Seattle: Uber’s uncertain future, South Lake Union upzone, and more stuff you should know Amazon finally unveils grocery pickup service — but it’s only for employees at first 170,000 burger fans cast votes online for next Dick’s Drive-In location, and the winner is … Seattle tunnel machine Bertha is just days from breaking through to complete long journey Amazon exec shares secrets of company’s culture, tries unsuccessfully to keep his talk secret Pam Edstrom, 1946-2017: Microsoft’s first PR director was a technology communications pioneer Public cloud could become a utility like electricity, lifting AWS, Azure and others, Morgan Stanley says T-Mobile: Samsung Galaxy S8 will be capable of ‘gigabit class’ speeds on its network Seattle to Portland in 15 minutes? Pacific Hyperloop begins campaign to make it so Pop culture powerhouse Funko to open giant flagship store in new Everett headquarters building Emoji update to include 69 new images: breastfeeding woman, zombie, steak and more Reports: Amazon considers furniture, appliance and electronics stores, as Amazon Go launch is delayed Want a window seat overlooking UW’s famed cherry blossoms? Just tune into this YouTube live stream Trending: Samsung unveils Galaxy S8 and S8+ smartphones with redesigned screen, launch date April 21 Amazon to shutter Diapers.com parent Quidsi, cites lack of profits 7 years after $545M acquisition by Kurt Schlosser on March 29, 2017 at 11:34 amMarch 29, 2017 at 12:11 pm Comments  2 Share  3 Tweet Share  2 Reddit Email Early-bird tix on sale for the GeekWire Awards! The brands under Quidsi. (Quidsi.com screen shot) Less than seven years after spending $545 million to acquire Quidsi — home to Diapers.com and Soap.com — Amazon announced Wednesday that it was shutting down the unit because the tech giant can’t get it to make money. “We have worked extremely hard for the past seven years to get Quidsi to be profitable, and unfortunately we have not been able to do so,” an Amazon spokesperson told GeekWire. “Quidsi has great brand expertise and they will continue to offer selection on Amazon.com; the software development team will focus on building technology for AmazonFresh.” Marc Lore and Vinit Bharara started Diapers.com in New Jersey in 2005 as a “mom-centric retail technology company.” A deeper dive on the battle over moms and diapers can be fund in Brad Stone’s 2013 book about Amazon, “The Everything Store.” Slate.com summed up Business Week’s excerpt of the book to tell that story, and how, according to Stone, CEO Jeff Bezos didn’t like the competition from Diapers.com. Marc Lore. The story details the price battle between Amazon and Quidsi and how it eventually ate into the growth of Diapers.com. The Quidsi founders were forced to consider selling and began talks with Walmart. Bezos reportedly threatened to eat massive losses and drive diaper prices to zero in order to win. On Nov. 8, 2010, the company was sold to the Seattle-based retail giant. “I’m not sure which is more unpleasant — changing diapers, paying too much for them, or running out of them,” Bezos is quoted as saying in 2010 following the news of the Quidsi acquisition. “This [acquisition] brings together two companies who are committed to providing great prices and fast delivery to parents, making one of the chores of being a parent a little easier and less expensive.” Lore went on to start Jet.com as an e-commerce startup bent on taking its shots against Amazon. In August 2016, he sold to Walmart for $3.3 billion to unite the companies in that effort. Lore remains at Walmart, where he oversees the company’s e-commerce division. In a year-end earnings report in February, Walmart started to see the payoff of its acquisition, as online sales increased 29 percent in the U.S. and 15.5 percent globally. Writer and editor Kurt Schlosser covers the Geek Life beat for GeekWire. A longtime journalist, photographer and designer, he has worked previously for NBC News, msnbc.com and the Seattle P-I. Follow Kurt on Twitter or reach him at kurt@geekwire.com. Comments 2 Share  3 Tweet Share  2 Reddit Email Previous StoryTweets aimed at embroiled GOP Rep. Devin Nunes draw fun replies from Seattle man who is @Nunes Next StoryReport: Seattle mayor is suing President Trump over crackdown on sanctuary cities Filed Under: Amazon  Tagged With: Amazon • Diapers.com • Quidsi GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Walmart wanted Jet.com CEO Marc Lore so much they locked him up for at least 5 years Walmart’s $3B acquisition of Jet.com expected Monday, putting Amazon in the crosshairs Walmart reportedly in talks to acquire Amazon competitor Jet.com Walmart confirms $3.3B Jet.com acquisition: Here’s how they plan to take on Amazon Previous StoryTweets aimed at embroiled GOP Rep. Devin Nunes draw fun replies from Seattle man who is @Nunes Next StoryReport: Seattle mayor is suing President Trump over crackdown on sanctuary cities Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Sleek, powerful noise-cancelling headphones that excel in form and function GeekWire Deals: The ultimate online training to learn, code, and create on Raspberry Pi Most Popular on GeekWire Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner Amazon Web Services jumps into call-center market with new ‘Amazon Connect’ service Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Uber GM says service may leave Seattle if landmark union law is implemented Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. IoT Solution ArchitectResin.io Staff Software Development Engineer – Growth/SEOOfferUp Software Development Engineer – AndroidOfferUp A Word From Our Sponsors Unplug and de-stress. Plan your weekend beach getaway now! Make your beach town getaway plans now at seabrookwa.com GeekWire Memberships: Sign up today! Learn more and become a GeekWire Member today. Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Unplug and de-stress. Plan your weekend beach getaway now! Make your beach town getaway plans now at seabrookwa.com GeekWire Memberships: Sign up today! Learn more and become a GeekWire Member today. Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
About Us Our People Advertising News Sports Shows Weather Outdoors Bond set at $2 million for Lincoln County man charged with shooting state trooper WSAZ-TV Jeremiah Yeager, 40, of Alum Creek, was arraigned on charges after being released from the hospital Wednesday. Share Article By MetroNews Staff in News | March 29, 2017 at 5:33PM HAMLIN, W.Va. — Bond is set at $2 million cash only for a Lincoln County man accused of shooting a State Police trooper during a domestic violence incident. Jeremiah Yeager, 40, of Alum Creek, was arraigned Wednesday in Lincoln County Magistrate Court after being released from the hospital. He was charged with domestic assault, domestic battery, malicious wounding, attempted murder on a police officer, obstruction, brandishing and strangulation. Yeager is accused of shooting Cpl. David Fry with West Virginia State Police Tuesday after Fry responded to a domestic violence call at an apartment complex on Midway Road in Alum Creek. State Police Superintendent Col. Jan Cahill told MetroNews Fry was treated for non-life threatening injuries. “He was struck twice,” Cahill said. “One was an upper torso and a wrist wound as well.” On Tuesday night, police say Yeager and a woman got into an argument. The woman told troopers Yeager had not slept for four days and that he was high on meth. “We thought methamphetamine, a binge of a drug episode there that had been going on for a couple days,” Cahill said. The criminal complaint said Yeager took a phone cord and began choking the woman until she passed out. When the woman regained consciousness, she found Yeager in the kitchen with a rifle and revolver. The woman told police Yeager threatened to kill her multiple times. Cpl. Fry arrived on scene and ordered Yeager to drop the gun, according to the criminal complaint. The woman said she heard gun shots, then fled the scene. Fry was able to drive himself to meet EMS at the Southridge Walmart in Kanawha County. The incident resulted in a stand off with police for several hours because Yeager refused to come out of the apartment. Police eventually found Yeager in the bathroom and took him into custody. Cahill said domestic violence calls are the worst calls to get. “In this day in age, just about everybody you encounter in this types of situations are armed and people are just on these drug binges, which is what happened in this situation, so yeah. It’s the worse call,” he said. During Yeager’s arraignment, he told reporters he made a “big mistake” and that it was a “horrible accident.” Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) MetroNews Staff staff@wvmetronews.com @wvmetronews WVMetroNews We are West Virginia's only news, talk and sports network providing you the ability to reach all of West Virginia through a single source. Use a Facebook account to add a comment, subject to Facebook's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Comments Most Popular All-in at receiver, Sills needed year away to satisfy QB craving Jefferson County at top of health list in West Virginia, McDowell County at bottom Mountaineers' No. 2 center Buccigrossi suffers torn ACL Senate passes its tax reform bill, House leaves its own on the table and Casey expresses budget hope Tax reforms on the brink in both houses on crossover day Bond set at $2 million for Lincoln County man charged with shooting state trooper © 2017 West Virginia MetroNews Network 1111 Virginia Street East, Charleston, WV 25301 Powered by Advertise with Us Contact Careers EEO Affiliates Intranet Privacy Policy Subscribe to Email Alerts Mobile Site Latest Newscasts News | Sports Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The 'aliens' taking our jobs are not the illegal kind | Bangkok Post: opinion News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning Tech More OPINION Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY opinion homepage Opinion View latest View by columnist Postbag Online poll Most commented Expat forum Opinion > Opinion The 'aliens' taking our jobs are not the illegal kind 30 Mar 2017 at 04:05 436 viewed0 comments NEWSPAPER SECTION: NEWS | WRITER: EDWARD E LEAMER Computer scientist Adam Mason and colleagues led a demonstration in Austin, Texas, warning about the dangers of artificial intelligence. (Photo via FB/stoptherobotsnow) - + Can we have all the adults in the room stand up and chant in unison: "Who's Afraid of Global Trade? Who's Afraid of Global Trade?" That should calm us down. It worked for the three little pigs. I understand that when things are going badly it is our human instinct to find the culprit among the "others", which often means foreigners (excluding the countries from which our personal ancestors immigrated). President Donald Trump, the Chinese and Mexicans are the wolves currently devouring our jobs. Let's breathe deeply and think hard about this issue. I think we have a good reason to be afraid. There really are aliens taking our jobs. These aliens carry out their assigned tasks with alarming accuracy, they work long hours without complaint for very low wages, they don't join unions, and they don't fall in love, which can be very disruptive at the workplace. You know who might soon take your job, don't you? It's the robots. It's the microprocessors. It's WALL-E and R2-D2. That's something to worry about. If your children and grandchildren can only carry out mundane repetitive tasks, they will be in a world of hurt, since they will be in direct competition for jobs with those efficient, reliable robots. Those robots will do not just the physical tasks but also the intellectual tasks that require only artificial intelligence. Traditional lecture-and-exam-style education creates artificial intelligence; simply put, it merely programs the students to respond the way their instructors think is wise. With the surge of computerised artificial intelligence all around us, we are making traditional education obsolete. Be afraid, university lecturers. Yes, trade is a factor in jobs evaporating -- especially the surge in imports from China -- but more as symptom than disease. It's not barriers to our exports to China that are the problem. It's our failing educational system -- which is not producing enough people ready for a world economy ever more reliant on artificial intelligence -- and our pathetically low national savings rate, which requires us to rely on the savings of countries with high savings rates, like China. These problems of education and savings are homegrown, and can't be blamed on the Chinese and the Mexicans. Before we scapegoat anyone or get scared about trade, we need to understand it. So let's start by contrasting balanced trade, with imports and exports equal, and then unbalanced trade, with imports well in excess of exports (as is currently the case in the United States). If the US had balanced trade, the right question would be, "Are China and Mexico partners of the US or competitors?" Competitors produce the same goods, but partners specialise and do not produce the same products. If we were partners, China would produce the T-shirts and jeans and consumer electronics, while we would produce Boeing aircraft but no T-shirts or jeans or consumer electronics. If we were partners, China would stock the shelves at Walmart with low-priced goods, while we would produce none of the same goods in the US. That kind of partnership is a win for all Americans who would get to buy Chinese goods at low prices without any downward pressure on wages from Chinese competition. If we were partners, the US should work to maintain that partnership by increasing its economic distinctiveness by elevating the educational attainment of our workforce. Think of it as a global educational race with the leaders enjoying a partnership relationship with the followers, but with the great mass of runners behind competing fiercely against each other. Look behind us. Can you see them all catching up? On the other hand, if we were to find ourselves back in the pack, and Chinese products were still produced in the US, then China and the US would be competitors, and wages of US low-skilled workers would be set in Beijing, not Los Angeles. If we were competitors, not partners, we could put up barriers to imports which would reduce the competitive pressure on wages of our low-skilled manufacturing workers. Of course, that would shrink both imports and exports, thus forgoing some of the benefits of specialisation according to comparative advantage. That might be wise public policy if the benefits to our middle class exceed the lost gains from trade. But we should insist on some evidence for that view, especially given the ongoing force of automation on our middle class. And even then, barriers to imports from China and Mexico would be treating the symptom, not the real cause of lower wages -- our failing educational system. Of course, the Trump administration is not thinking about that education system, or about balanced trade. It is obsessed with our trade deficit, and using it to fuel an anti-trade backlash. But Mr Trump doesn't understand where that deficit comes from. The trade deficit is a consequence of our low savings rate, not impediments to our exports. When the investment opportunities in the United States exceed the flow of US savings, we are forced to borrow from foreigners to fund some of our investments. That borrowing creates a demand for US dollars, an elevated value of the dollar, suppressed exports and increased imports. The right public policy to reduce our external imbalance is to encourage savings, for example through a matching by Uncle Sam of your contributions to your retirement accounts, or by getting the Federal deficit under control. It isn't good policy to go our Chinese lenders and insist on higher interest rates! Workforce development and greater national savings -- that's what we need. With those problems solved, there is no reason to worry about wolves devouring our jobs. ©2017 Zocalo Public Square Edward E Leamer is a professor of economics and statistics at UCLA and director of the UCLA Anderson Forecast. RECOMMENDED STORIES Peace still eludes Suu Kyi in Myanmar Brexit doesn't have to be a disaster Education reform merely scratches surface Being rich is still the best defence of all Unity cannot be ordered Can of unsolved worms Housing is not just a commodity, but a social good Suspicion will grow unless video released No right to bear arms, no right to violence Most Viewed 11,422 The Big Issue: Shot fired, man down 7,726 Being rich is still the best ... 6,993 Strangling the life out of Bangkok ... 5,596 How long before seat belt rule is ... 5,357 Army take on Lahu killing chills to ... Recent OPINION Articles People and river's voices sadly ignored Don't let 'Boss' evade the law Ray of education hope Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 1 liked & 1 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this MOST RECENT 13:42 Village chief gets death penalty for rape, killing girl 13:16 Gunmen attack police on morning parade in Narathiwat 12:41 SET up 1.24 to 1,576.21 at midday 12:28 Tsunami victim's ashes return home, after 12 years 11:24 Ivanka Trump changes plans, will become federal employee 10:08 SET opens up 2.02 to 1,576.99 10:03 Hat Yai chaos after hoax fire call 09:34 Gold prices steady at B20,450 0 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2017 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Mar 30, 3:00 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Amazon Shuts Down Quidsi, Announces It Will Buy Retailer SOUQ.com By Denisse Moreno On 03/29/17 AT 5:49 PM Close Amazon is reportedly shutting down its Quidsi division, which owns Diapers.com and Soap.com, according to Bloomberg. The move comes a few years after Amazon acquired Quidsi for $545 million in 2011. Amazon said it wasn’t able to make Quidsi profitable. “We have worked extremely hard for the past seven years to get Quidsi to be profitable, and unfortunately we have not been able to do so,” Amazon said in a statement. “Quidsi has great brand expertise and they will continue to offer selection on Amazon.com; the software development team will focus on building technology for AmazonFresh.” Read: AmazonFresh Pickup: Drive-In Grocery Store For Prime Members Announced The shutdown of Quidsi will leave more than 260 employees without jobs in June. However, some of them will be able to apply for other jobs with Amazon. Meanwhile, Amazon announced Wednesday plans to open up its 10th fulfillment center in Texas, which will create 1,000 full-time jobs. Amazon To Purchase SOUQ.com Before Bloomberg reported Amazon would shut down Quidsi, Amazon announced Tuesday it reached an agreement to acquire SOUQ.com, a Middle-Eastern e-commerce company. SOUQ.com offers more than 8.4 million products across 31 categories on its site and attracts over 45 million visits per month. Read: eBay Takes on Amazon Prime, Walmart With Three-Day Guaranteed Delivery "Amazon and SOUQ.com share the same DNA – we’re both driven by customers, invention, and long-term thinking,” said Amazon senior vice-president Russ Grandinetti in a statement. "SOUQ.com pioneered e-commerce in the Middle East, creating a great shopping experience for their customers. We're looking forward to both learning from and supporting them with Amazon technology and global resources." The deal is expected to close this year, Amazon said. Related Stories Siri Vs. Alexa: Marriott Testing Assistants In Hotel Rooms, Will Decide Which Is Better Head To Amazon Now If You're Looking For A Nintendo Switch Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Most Read Business Climate-Related Terms Not Wanted At DOE A supervisor told some staffers at the Department of Energy they should avoid using terms like climate change, emissions reduction and Paris agreement. Technology ‘The Witness’ Dev Is Working On A New Game Game designer Jonathan Blow just announced on social media that he and his team are currently looking for an animator for their new game. World Scientists Discover Unexpected Behavior In Creation Of Entangled Photons For the longest time, scientists thought that entangled particles emerged from the same point in space. New observations challenge this belief. National Suspected Cocaine Found In Plane At Ohio University Airport After an international unauthorized aircraft made an emergency landing at Ohio University Airport, authorities seized a 'significant' amount of the drug from the plane. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Oil shares gain as US stocks end mostly higher News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Oil shares gain as US stocks end mostly higher Gains by petroleum-linked shares helped US stocks finish mostly higher on Wednesday amid lingering uncertainty over Britain's move to formally launch negotiations to leave the European Union. Posted 30 Mar 2017 05:04 Updated 30 Mar 2017 05:10 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: Gains by petroleum-linked shares helped US stocks finish mostly higher on Wednesday (Mar 29) amid lingering uncertainty over Britain's move to formally launch negotiations to leave the European Union. Shares of petroleum producers and suppliers were strong as oil prices rallied following a smaller-than-expected increase in American stockpiles. Halliburton rose 2.5 per cent and EOG Resources 1.8 per cent. Beyond that, there were relatively few trading catalysts during the US session as far as economic data or corporate news. Analysts cited unease at the start of the Brexit process, even though it was expected. The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended the session 42.18 points down (0.20 per cent) to 20,659.32. The broad-based S&P 500 gained 2.56 points (0.11 per cent) to close the day at 2,361.13, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index climbed 22.41 points (0.38 per cent) to 5,897.55. Several leading retailers scored gains, with Target adding 2.9 per cent, Dollar Tree 2.6 per cent and Wal-Mart Stores 0.6 per cent. Technology winners included Amazon, up 2.1 per cent, and Google parent Alphabet, up 1.3 per cent. Vertex Pharmaceuticals surged 20.5 per cent after releasing promising clinical results of a drug therapy combination for the treatment of cystic fibrosis. Luxury furnishing retailer Restoration Hardware shot up 14.9 per cent after projecting first-quarter revenues of between US$530 million and US$545 million, well above the US$485 million expected by Wall Street analysts. - AFP/de Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Oil shares gain as US stocks end mostly higher The benchmark S&P 500 eked out a gain as strength in the energy and consumer sectors offset declines in financial shares and investors began looking ahead to first-quarter earnings season. EU Council President Donald Tusk holds British Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit letter on March 29, 2017.PHOTO: REUTERS Published9 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/48Ma Copy NEW YORK (AFP) - Gains by petroleum-linked shares helped US stocks finish mostly higher on Wednesday (March 29) amid lingering uncertainty over Britain's move to formally launch negotiations to leave the European Union. Shares of petroleum producers and suppliers were strong as oil prices rallied following a smaller-than-expected increase in American stockpiles. Halliburton rose 2.5 per cent and EOG Resources 1.8 per cent. Beyond that, there were relatively few trading catalysts during the US session as far as economic data or corporate news. Analysts cited unease at the start of the Brexit process, even though it was expected. The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended the session down 0.2 per cent to 20,659.32. The broad-based S&P 500 gained 0.1 per cent to close the day at 2,361.13, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index climbed 0.4 per cent to 5,897.55. Several leading retailers scored gains, with Target adding 2.9 per cent, Dollar Tree 2.6 per cent and Wal-Mart Stores 0.6 per cent. Technology winners included Amazon, up 2.1 per cent, and Google parent Alphabet, up 1.3 per cent. Vertex Pharmaceuticals surged 20.5 per cent after releasing promising clinical results of a drug therapy combination for the treatment of cystic fibrosis. Luxury furnishing retailer Restoration Hardware shot up 14.9 per cent after projecting first-quarter revenues of between US$530 million (S$738 million) and US$545 million, well above the US$485 million expected by Wall Street analysts.   Related Stories:  42079764_-_29_03_2017_-_britain-eu_.jpg Related Story Britain to publish White Paper on future legislation after Brexit; EU vows unity 11-42082263_-_29_03_2017_-_germany_turkey.jpg Related Story German minister tells Britain ‘let’s stay friends’ despite Brexit 42082622_-_29_03_2017_-_topshot-belgium-britain-politics-eu-brexit-letter.jpg Related Story EU's Tusk says Brexit will be damage control for both sides pn_-_brexit-letter-42082124_-_290318.jpg Related Story Brexit: The full text of Britain's Brexit letter to EU's Tusk UK Prime Minister Theresa May officially triggers Brexit Related Story 'No turning back’: PM May triggers ‘historic’ Brexit flags290317.jpg Related Story Brexit: Both Britain and EU now embark on a journey into the unknown Brexit pressure for British PM Related Story What comes after Theresa May starts Brexit: Q&A 42048799_-_26_03_2017_-_trade-files-britain-eu-politics-brexit-advertising-culture.jpg Related Story Countdown to Brexit: A timeline article_50.jpg Related Story Brexit: What is Article 50 and what happens next? 42028461_-_24_03_2017_-_britain-eu_banks.jpg Related Story Brexit: How global banks plan to deal with impact of Britain's exit from EU 10_40181691_-_13_10_2016_-_britain-eu-politics-brexit-court.jpg Related Story Britain can change its mind about Brexit after triggering exit talks, says diplomat who drafted Article 50 ST_20160703_CYBREXIT03_2413531.jpg Related Story What next after Brexit? 5 takeaways for Singapore ST_20170328_MAYBREXITLDEV_3035100.jpg Related Story The negotiator: Brexit talks to be Theresa May's toughest test Topics:  STOCKS AND SHARES DOW JONES More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/48Ma Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content ibe_a125682_2017mar20_300x200.jpg 5 tips for better eye health sponsorednative.jpg What you need to know about Tanah Merah’s newest condominium st-web-special.jpg Fun with Mathematics. Train your brain with these problem-solving puzzles Shopping Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! Samsung Note 3 Only $200! Grab Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Girls Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Volleyball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Golf Boys Tennis Boys Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Television Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Man sought in porn left on windshield case kills himself Porn on windshields vehicle Deputies who have viewed the video from the store parking lot shows a Silver SUV being driving by a male. The vehicle pulls up next to the victim's vehicle and places something on a windshield. (Courtesy | Isabella County Sheriff's Office) Print Email Bob Johnson | bob_johnson@mlive.com By Bob Johnson | bob_johnson@mlive.com The Saginaw News Email the author | Follow on Twitter on March 29, 2017 at 3:55 PM, updated March 29, 2017 at 4:26 PM comments UNION TOWNSHIP, MI -- A man police believed to have left pornographic material on vehicles in Isabella County has committed suicide, according to the Isabella County Sheriff's Department. Police say they received information from law enforcement in Muskegon County related to a person of interest in a case involving pornography being left on vehicles in retail stores' parking lots. Muskegon police also reported that the 68-year-old man had taken his own life. Deputies linked the man to multiple cases of images being left on vehicles in Isabella County. Police said a woman reported that someone had placed printed pornographic material on her windshield while she was shopping in a Union Township Target on Thursday, March 23. On March 24, police received a report of an incident that occurred at about 7:30 p.m. on March 24, in the parking lot of the Walmart Supercenter on 4730 Encore Drive in Union Township. Police also said they were investigating more than a dozen cases of pornography and bizarre notes being left on shoppers' cars while they were in stores. More reports of porn on cars According to Sheriff Michael Main, the man spoke to family and others about the incidents prior to leaving his residence Tuesday morning. Police are not releasing the man's name as requested by family, Main said. "We are relieved that there will be no other incidents and our prayers go to the family during this very difficult time," Main said in a press release. Countdown to Tigers' opener April 3 27 photos from Opening Day past to get ready for 2017 Moya placed on waivers, signaling possible end of outfield battle Presley gets bad news from skipper: 'Life isn't always fair' Latest round of cuts includes Alex Presley, Blaine Hardy Complete coverage » Michigan's Best What say you? Vote for Michigan's Best sub sandwich The best of the best of Michigan's Best Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Subscribe on YouTube Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Politics Search Search Sign In myanmarOne Year On, Aung San Suu Kyi Struggles to Unite a Fractured Myanmar indonesiaMissing Indonesian Man Found Dead Inside a 23-Ft. Python ChinaThe Saga of a Sydney Academic Stuck in China Spotlights the Limits of Beijing’s Soft Power U.S.Environmental Groups Are Challenging Trump's Climate Rollback in Court Congress 5 Big Decisions Republicans in Congress Have to Make Soon Sam Frizell Mar 29, 2017 Reeling from the defeat of their health care proposal last week, Republicans in Congress are regrouping and planning for the coming months. There are budget deadlines to meet and policy issues to tackle, ranging from tax reform to infrastructure. But prospects for achieving major victories in the coming months looks dim. Many lawmakers are concerned that divisions in its ranks between conservatives and moderates will make it difficult to notch any major achievements in the coming months. “Things that you assumed could happen automatically, you’d better now spend a lot more time on and make sure they occur,” said Republican Rep. Tom Cole of Oklahoma. Many have advocated looking beyond the party’s own ranks and finding common ground with Democrats. “We’ve got a lot of work to do,” said Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona. “One of the things we need to do — and it’s going to be harder now, because we just failed — is there’s got to be bipartisanship.” Here are the five issues Republicans will have to work out. How to defund Planned Parenthood The government is set to partially shut down on April 28 unless Congress approves a spending package first. Republicans are deciding how many of their policy priorities to squeeze into the proposal without risking a government shutdown. Planned Parenthood is one measure many Republicans want to see in the spending package due by the end of April. But Democrats could filibuster the government funding bill in the Senate, thereby forcing Republicans to decide whether they want to shut down the government. Related republicansThe GOP Can't Stop Blaming Each Other Over Their Health Care Failure republicans The GOP Can't Stop Blaming Each Other Over Their Health Care Failure That has made House Speaker Paul Ryan wary about defunding it through the April spending package, leading him to suggest defunding the women’s health organization through a budget reconciliation measure instead. The budget reconciliation will head off the risk of Senate filibuster from Democrats, as it only requires a simple majority to pass the upper chamber. “We think reconciliation is the tool, because that gets it into law,” Ryan told reporters, responding to a question about Planned Parenthood funding. “Reconciliation is the way to go." If conservatives in the Republican conference object to Ryan’s delay, however, there could be a fight on the party’s hands. Whether to pay for a border wall Another measure that some want to see in the government funding bill next month is funding for President Trump’s proposed wall on the border with Mexico. It is a major campaign promise by the president, and one that galvanized many voters in Republican Congressional districts. “Does that need to be a presidential priority? Well he’s made it one,” said Randy Weber, Republican from Texas. “Is there support for getting it in there? Unequivocally yes. Can they get it in? I don’t know, we’ll have to see.” Democrats have firmly objected, with Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer saying border wall funding would be a “poison pill” that would lead to a filibuster. Whether to pursue the border adjustment tax Tax reform is the next big item on the Republicans’ agenda. But rewriting the tax code is notoriously difficult, and there are strong divisions among Republicans about what would work best. Republican leaders in the House have insisted that the best method would be through a 20% border adjustment which would tax goods consumed in the United States and slash the corporate tax rate. It’s a revolutionary plan that would likely help domestic manufacturers like Boeing and hurt importers like Walmart, but it has enough skeptics in the Senate that it might be a pipe dream. The conflict is setting up the GOP for another fight. Whether to end the filibuster on the Supreme Court It is looking increasingly likely that Democrats will have the votes needed to block the confirmation vote for Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, with Democratic senators from across the political spectrum saying they will oppose President Trump's nominee. That will force Senate Republicans to either back down, or trigger the so-called nuclear option, which would abolish the filibuster on Supreme Court nominees, and force Gorsuch through. It is a difficult choice for Republicans. Many longtime senators are traditionalists and do not want to change the rules of the Senate. Abolishing the filibuster requires a majority in the Senate, so just two Republicans would need to get cold feet for the effort to fail, and thus sink Gorsuch's confirmation. Still, even moderate Republicans with a longstanding respect for the Senate's rules are adamant that Gorsuch will get confirmed one way or another. "He will be confirmed," said McCain. "We will con­firm him. So whatever it takes, we’re go­ing to have to do," Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah told National Journal. Whether to try repealing Obamacare again Republicans are not done with their effort to repeal Obamacare. After Friday’s defeat, the House Republicans held a rousing conference meeting, where members committed again to finding a way to repeal Obamacare and replace it with a law that repeals certain regulations and reduces federal expenditures. What shape that law will take is hard to know, and Republicans have not started drafting new ideas. The old, deep divisions in the party have not disappeared, and the hard-right members of the Freedom Caucus will still want a plan that looks very different from what moderates want. Still, despite the difficulty of health care and all the other pressing matters President Trump promised to address, many members want to repeal Obamacare first. “If we just sit up here and play diddly-winks, it’ll hurt us,” said Republican Rep. Morgan Griffith of Virginia. “I think you need to do health care first.” ”The fact that we did not pass a bill next week doesn’t mean we are not going to pass a bill—I’d love to see it pass next week—but if it’s not next week, then it’s next month,” said Republican Rep. Austin Scott of Georgia. “Until we decide what we’re doing with health care, everything is going to be a stumbling block,” Republican Rep. Dennis Ross of Florida. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. TIME may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Sign In Subscribe Search Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health TIME Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE Photography Videos The Goods TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People American Voices Finding Home Longevity 2017 Looking Forward Next Generation Leaders Person of the Year 2016 Top of the World Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service Follow TIME Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions March 29, 2017 82° Dothan, AL (36303) Today Clear. Tonight Clear skies. Low 58F. Winds light and variable. Updated: March 29, 2017 @ 5:53 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local AP FBI: Human remains discovered on Crow Indian Reservation Mar 29, 2017 Updated 3 hrs ago (…) BILLINGS, Mont. (AP) — The FBI says human remains discovered on the Crow Indian Reservation this week are believed to be those of Michael Plain Bull, who was reported missing in December 2013. The remains were discovered Tuesday near Pryor. Supervisory Agent Travis Burrows tells The Billings Gazette (http://bit.ly/2nwv4c6 ) that other parts of Plain Bull's body were discovered by a rancher near Pryor in July 2014. Burrows says the cause of Plain Bull's death will not be released until the investigation is complete. His family told the Gazette in January 2014 that the 23-year-old Pryor resident was last seen leaving a Wal-Mart on the West side of Billings on Dec. 12, 2013. His sport utility vehicle was found about a week later about a mile outside Pryor. ___ Information from: The Billings Gazette, http://www.billingsgazette.com Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags General News Native Americans Law Enforcement Agencies Government And Politics Missing Persons Locations Billings Montana United States North America Popular Ariton woman killed in Coffee County Victim of Taco Bell assault suing assailant Puppy mill operated for two years inside a Dothan home Dothan Animal Shelter director calls puppy mill conditions 'horrific' Clark Cinema 10 on track for April opening Sears’ future won't impact Sears Hometown Stores Two arrested on animal cruelty charges Clerk assaulted in Enterprise robbery One killed in crash of airplane that took off in Enterprise Woman killed after being struck in roadway by vehicle Featured Businesses Conestoga Steak House 3549 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-4445 Currently Open Bondy's Nissan 3693 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-6736 Currently Open Bama Rv 5386 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9510 Miles of Flowers 4143 W Main St, Ste 5, Dothan, AL 36305 334-699-5773 Bondy's Ford Lincoln 3615 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-5171 Currently Open Vehicles Miracle-Ear of Dothan - Southern Hearing 4440 W Main St, Ste 3, Dothan, AL 36305 334-377-4065 The Dothan Eagle 227 N Oates St, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-3141 Coupons Jim Skinner Honda 3823 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-671-8100 McLeod's Publick House 5540 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-648-1912 Currently Open Bryant's Outdoor Equipment 2200 S Brannon Stand Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-4419 Hearing Associates Of Dothan 1891 Honeysuckle Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-702-4327 Billy Lawrence Buick GMC 525 Kirkland St, Abbeville, AL 36310 334-585-3551 Center for Vein Restoration 3280 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9494 Alabama Eye Physicians & Surgeons 5937 W Main St, Dothan , AL 36305 334-446-0872 US Mobile Homes of Alabama 5214 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-983-5658 Beltone 2115 Denton Rd, Ste 2, Dothan, AL 36303 334-712-6778 Derrel's Sewing and Vacuum Center 2507 Montgomery Highway, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-0824 All Metal Building Systems 409 S Broad St, Cowarts, AL 36321 800-440-1307 Contests Fix My Yard Bracket Challenge Subscriber Services Dothan Eagle Subscriber Services e-Edition online Subscriber log-in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Manage subscription Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
A Collaboration with University of Pittsburgh    Home News All Legal News US Legal News World Legal News News Archive This Day at Law Commentary All Commentary Academic Commentary Professional Commentary Student Commentary Contributing Editors Features Documents US Executive Orders US Presidential Documents US Federal Rulemaking Support Why Support JURIST? Donate Honor Roll Sponsorship About FAQ Staff Contact Transparency Sutin Prize Shawl Award J20 Election 2000 Famous Trials Staff Retrospective Follow Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn Contact Feeds Paper Chase Serious law. Primary sources. Global perspective. advertisement West Virginia governor vetoes legislation clarifying right-to-work law Wednesday 29 March 2017 at 2:14 PM ET by Akira Tomlinson ©  WikiMedia (Acdixon) [JURIST] West Virginia Governor Jim Justice [official profile] on Tuesday vetoed [press release] Senate Bill 330 [text], an attempt to clarify the right-to-work law passed last year. Justice says the issue is currently before the courts and the process should not be interfered with as dictated by the Constitution. Justice called for the legislature [press release] to instead focus on the budget. He further stated that the right-to-work law is an "issue for the Supreme Court to decide" and interfering in its judgment "is imprudent and contrary to public policy." Employment issues continues to be a controversial issue in the US. In January Kentucky passed [JURIST report] right-to-work legislation. In March the Missouri Supreme Court [official website] ruled [JURIST report] that St. Louis may raise its minimum wage next year. That same month, the Minnesota House approved a bill preventing [JURIST report] cities from implementing their own labor laws. In January a federal judge refused [JURIST report] to force Wal-Mart to pay $80 million in back pay. The same month the US Department of Labor [official website] filed [JURIST report] a lawsuit against Oracle America, Inc. alleging it had a systemic practice of paying Caucasian male workers more than other works in the same job position. Posted in Paper Chase Latest Commentary prevnext ICJ Rejects Bosnia & Herzegovina's Request of the Revision of 2007 Judgment Fahira Brodlija University of Pittsburgh School of Law The Emergence of Evidence Opens the Door for Another Lawsuit by Bosnia and Herzegovina Against Serbia Race to Death: A Critical Look at the Death Penalty as Arkansas Executes Eight Valena Beety West Virginia University Sleight of Hand in Florida's New Death Penalty: Requiring, But Not Requiring, Jury Unanimity Chance Meyer NOVA Southeastern University Arizona’s Death Penalty Procedures & Professional Ethics Tasha Russell Exit International End of Life Liberty in California Kathryn L. Tucker End of Life Liberty Project More Commentary About Paper Chase Paper Chase is JURIST's real-time legal news service, powered by a team of 30 law student reporters and editors led by law professor Bernard Hibbitts at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law. As an educational service, Paper Chase is dedicated to presenting important legal news and materials rapidly, objectively and intelligibly in an accessible format. Contact Paper Chase >> advertisement Recent Legal News Tags Trump administration requests delay of appeals court ruling on Clean Power Plan 4:29 PM ET, 29 March 2017 UN rights experts urge Russia to release peaceful protesters 3:50 PM ET, 29 March 2017 UN: human rights investigators killed in DRC 3:17 PM ET, 29 March 2017 West Virginia governor vetoes legislation clarifying right-to-work law 2:14 PM ET, 29 March 2017 Ivory Coast former first lady acquitted after flawed trial 2:07 PM ET, 29 March 2017 ACLU reaches settlement with Pennsylvania school district over education of refugee students 2:07 PM ET, 29 March 2017 international protests Russia UN advertisement About JURIST JURIST is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization dedicated to bringing objective legal news and reasoned expert analysis to the public. E-mail inquiries, changes, news tips, URLs, corrections, etc. to JURIST@jurist.org. Legal Disclaimer JURIST cannot and does not provide legal advice. As such, nothing on this site is intended as legal advice. If you have a legal problem, please consult an attorney. We wish you the best of luck with your case, but we can't help. Questions × Your message has been sent. Thank you! © Copyright JURIST Legal News and Research Services, Inc., 2013. Home News Commentary Features Podcasts Support About © Copyright JURIST Legal News and Research Services, Inc., 2013. Legal Disclaimer Please note that JURIST cannot and does not provide legal advice. As such, nothing on this site is intended as legal advice. If you have a legal problem, please consult an attorney. We wish you the best of luck with your case, but we can't help.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Retailers, Mexican Peso Gain as Border Tax Chances Falter: Chart Bloomberg News March 29, 2017, 12:59 PM EDT The Border Adjustment Tax included in the initial Republican tax reform proposal may not make it to the final bill, at least in its current form, Deutsche Bank said in a note Wednesday. The fading expectations are benefiting U.S. retail stocks and the Mexican peso, which would likely suffer if Congress includes the BAT as part of its potential tax revamp. Companies such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc. are seen as a  barometer for any changes in tax policy, while the U.S. is Mexico’s largest trading partner. — With assistance by Randall Jensen Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Jeff Bezos Is Now the World's Second Richest Person Soros-Funded University Pledges to Fight Hungarian Crackdown Oil Traders Warn There's a Supply Crunch Looming Samsung's Sleek S8 Has Curved Screen, Facial Recognition Sweden Warned Not to Return to High-Tax 70s Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Amazon Will Shut Down Diapers.com And Wag.com Parent Quidsi Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Amazon Will Shut Down Diapers.com And Wag.com Parent Quidsi March 29, 2017 3:13 pm EDT By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup it's over amazon diapers diapers.com e-commerce quidsi shutdowns soap.com Seven years ago, Amazon acquired Quidsi, what was then a five-year-old competitor that ran the sites Diapers.com and Soap.com. Since then, the company has been running independently and expanded its offerings. Now Amazon is shuttering Quidsi’s brands, saying that it’s been unable to make a profit since the acquisition. Amazon acquired Quidsi in 2011, after a price war that the newer startup couldn’t afford to win. Under Amazon, Quidsi created new stores meant to be helpful to families, which included kids’ clothing, and sporting goods, home goods, pet supplies, and natural products. “We have worked extremely hard for the past seven years to get Quidsi to be profitable, and unfortunately we have not been able to do so,” an Amazon spokesperson told Consumerist. Quidsi founder Marc Lore left a few years after the acquisition. He founded Jet.com in 2015, another innovative but chronically unprofitable e-commerce startup. We called it “either the future of retail or a doomed wacky scheme,” and were sort of right on both counts. Jet wasn’t profitable, but Walmart acquired Jet last year for more than $3 billion, making Lore its head of e-commerce. We asked Amazon for clarification on when the Quidsi family of sites will close, since we know that there are many fans in our audience. All that a spokesperson has told us so far is that the company “will continue to offer selection on Amazon.com,” and that its software development staff will shift to working on the growing AmazonFresh grocery brand. Update: Bloomberg reports that according to a WARN notice filed with the state of New Jersey, 261 employees at Quidsi’s Jersey City headquarters will lose their jobs in June. Some of them will be able to apply for other jobs at Amazon. The company also had its own warehouses in Kansas and Nevada. March 29, 2017 By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup it's over amazon diapers diapers.com e-commerce quidsi shutdowns soap.com Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related wal-jet Walmart Acquisition Could Mean Most Jet Customers Have To Pay Sales Tax new and exciting websites Jet.com Opens To The Public Today, Discounts More If You Buy More Stuff And Waive Returns jet.com Jet.com Is Either The Future Of Retail Or A Doomed Wacky Scheme buy by the ounce Walmart, CVS, Walgreens, Costco Agree To Finally Put Unit Pricing Online size does matter FedEx To Start Charging By Package Size Previous Target Recalls 19K Tic-Tac-Toe Boards Over Magnet Choking Hazard Next Company Behind “Bleeding” Meatless Burger Wants To Bring It To The Masses Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Company Behind “Bleeding” Meatless Burger Wants To Bring It To The Masses Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
News Mugshots Obituaries Trade or Sell Events Church Community How To Add Events Add Event Community Weather Property Transactions Marriage Licenses Local Salaries Community Links WTSB Listen WTSB Streaming Audio Program Schedule 1090 AM 105.5 FM Radio Coverage Map Carl’s Book WMPM Contact Us Search 55.9 F Smithfield, NC Thursday, March 30, 2017 Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. JoCo Report News Mugshots Obituaries Trade or Sell Events Church Community How To Add Events Add Event Community Weather Property Transactions Marriage Licenses Local Salaries Community Links WTSB Listen WTSB Streaming Audio Program Schedule 1090 AM 105.5 FM Radio Coverage Map Carl’s Book WMPM Contact Us Home News Police Searching For Thief Who Stole Purse From Hospital News Police Searching For Thief Who Stole Purse From Hospital March 29, 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet Clayton Police are asking the public to help identify a man wanted for stealing a woman’s purse on Feb. 19 at Johnston Health Clayton. The suspect then, on Feb. 22, 23 and 24, used the victim’s State Employees Credit Union debit card for a string of purchases in the Durham, Morrisville and Research Triangle Park area. The attached photos are from the Wal-Mart on South Miami Boulevard in Morrisville, where the suspect and another man used the stolen card to purchase two TVs. If you have any info about this case, please call Clayton Police Detective Pat Millar at 919-550-5341. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet BP Shocker… Previous articleCorinth Holders Student Facing Criminal Charge Next article4 Suspects Steal Shoes Valued At $1,765 Editor JoCoReport.com RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR News County Growing By 18 People Each Day, Could Surpass 200,000 Residents In 2018 News Man Who Vandalized Cemetery Grave Marker Pays For Repairs News Honors Curriculum Leads To More Than “Just College” BP Shocker… Follow Us Most Popular This Week Local Farms Awarded Entrepreneurial Grants March 26, 2017 Two Seniors Named NC State Park Scholars March 27, 2017 Man Who Vandalized Cemetery Grave Marker Pays For Repairs March 29, 2017 Recent Posts County Growing By 18 People Each Day, Could Surpass 200,000 Residents In 2018 Man Who Vandalized Cemetery Grave Marker Pays For Repairs Honors Curriculum Leads To More Than “Just College” Guns Stolen During Smithfield Break-In ABOUT USJoCoReport.com provides you with the latest in local news from Johnston and surrounding counties. Check back daily to get the latest news for your area. Contact us: Info@JoCoReport.com FOLLOW US © 2017 Lamm Media Group MORE STORIES 0 County Growing By 18 People Each Day, Could Surpass 200,000 Residents In 2018 March 29, 2017 0 Man Who Vandalized Cemetery Grave Marker Pays For Repairs March 29, 2017
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items Why Is Consultant FTI Making It Look Like Apollo Overpaid Its Real Estate Execs $50 Million? - 03/30/2017 - Yves Smith Trump Can’t Save Coal - 03/30/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/29/2017 - 03/29/2017 - Lambert Strether The American Opioid Epidemic - 03/29/2017 - Yves Smith Links 3/29/17 - 03/29/2017 - Yves Smith Wells Fargo Gets An Additional $110 Million Wrist Slap Over Fake Accounts Scandal - 03/29/2017 - Yves Smith CalPERS, CalSTRS, Other Investors Have Indemnified Private Equity Criminal Conduct Even Though Fiduciary Counsels Say No - 03/29/2017 - Yves Smith Bill Black: Kansas Legislature Slips Koch Noose, Authorizes Medicaid Expansion - 03/29/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/28/2017 - 03/28/2017 - Lambert Strether 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/28/2017 Posted on March 28, 2017 by Lambert Strether By Lambert Strether of Corrente Trade “House Republicans’ proposal to create a border-adjustable business tax — a linchpin of the overall reform plan, given the revenue it is expected to bring in — is already on life-support, with Senate Republicans skeptical it could pass their chamber as is, and the White House declining to take a clear stance on the issue. Border-adjustment has also so dominated the tax-reform debate that some say lawmakers have barely begun to consider the myriad other hugely controversial changes the plan would make” [Politico]. Politics New Cold War This morning in Links, on the same story, I asked “So will Cheney become a liberal icon now, like Bush?” After lunch, I had my answer! Never thought I&#39;d find myself agreeing with Dick Cheney. . . https://t.co/cRBisvpTop &mdash; Laurence Tribe (@tribelaw) March 27, 2017 Also, compare the Politico headline, at 03/27/17 04:08 PM: Cheney: Russian meddling possibly ‘an act of war’ With WaPo’s headline, at March 28 at 12:23 PM Cheney delivers a statement on Russian meddling: It’s an ‘act of war’ Planted or not, this is impressive: Lindsey Graham opened his town hall yesterday with a monologue on Russia, then fielded *nine* Russia-related Qs. from (Dem) constituents. &mdash; Michael Tracey (@mtracey) March 27, 2017 “My hunch is that … the 2016 campaign-collusion story will turn out to be a dead end. Much more interesting is the saga of the formation of Trump’s views of Russia over the last twenty-five years” [David Warsh]. Summarizing Warsh’s informed speculation, the Trump+Russia story is more likely to be a New York real estate story starting back in the 90s; Warsh aggregates some actual reporting to that effect. Who remembers Geraldine Ferraro? “The Devin Nunes wiretapping saga, explained” [WaPo]. We seem to have reached the Benghazi hairball stage. Anyhow, here’s a timeline. Health Care UPDATE “How Democrats Aided in the Demise of the GOP’s Health Bill” [Wall Street Journal]. If you’re looking for an explanation of why the #SaveTheACA crowd “never, ever” mentioned #MedicareForAll, the roster of Democrat establishment flexians involved in this effort may help. “With AHCA defeat, some Democrats see chance to push for universal coverage” [WaPo]. This story… [Please allow me a moment to pound my head on my desk. There. Thank you]. Quoting: At their first town meeting since the Republicans’ surprise surrender on the Affordable Care Act, progressives in blue America celebrated — then asked for more. Rhode Island’s two Democratic senators, joined by Rep. Jim Langevin, told several hundred happy constituents that the next step in health reform had to mean expanded coverage, provided by the government. “We have to look harder at a single-payer system,” said Langevin (D-R.I.), using a term for universal coverage. “I’m old enough to have voted for a single-payer system in the House,” said Sen. Jack Reed, Rhode Island’s senior senator. “The very best market-based solution is to have a public option,” Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse said. I’m happy that the voters are asking for more after a victory. That’s a very good sign. I’m unhappy that the idiot reporter doesn’t point out that universal coverage and the so-called “public option” are not the same. I’m extremely unhappy with Whitehouse’s “Because markets.” Really, who cares? I’m even more unhappy with the effing career “progressives” of 2009-2010, who introduced the so-called “public option” to run interference for Obama by suppressing single payer, and introduced the brand confusion between it, and genuine Medicare for All, a confusion that persists to this day and allows Whitehouse to go all flaccid on policy. And I’m terrified that Sanders is going to screw things up, since the “public option” discourse has polluted everything it ever touched. See here. Since given the givens, we’re not going to get either single payer or the so-called “public option” before 2018, why not run on the best possible policy, one that voters support, instead of, like Obama, pre-compromising? Trump Transition “Trump’s morally repugnant budget must be defeated: Sen. Bernie Sanders” [USA Today]. Sanders: “Far from compassionate, this budget — if enacted — would be one of the cruelest in American history. In the words of former Republican President Dwight D. Eisenhower, the four star general who warned us about the power of the military industrial complex, it, ‘signifies, in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed.'” “Talking to a friend at lunch not long ago, he expressed his amazement that the House and Senate leadership didn’t have bills “lined up like airplanes on a runway” ready to take off in the new year. I was surprised, too” [Glenn Reynolds, USA Today]. “The continuing infrastructure fiasco” [DC Velocity]. “On March 2, the U.S. Conference of Mayors also weighed in on the subject, pressing the federal government to distribute infrastructure funds directly to cities, bypassing the states. In short, the entire problem has gotten out of control. There still is no sign of an overall plan for the needed improvements. And the funding issue is far from resolved. Many of our needs will not be attractive to investors. And even if private investors step up to finance specific road and bridge projects, they will have to be repaid, which means the costs will ultimately be passed on to users. We could easily find ourselves paying tolls and user fees, plus increased state taxes, leaving us in a worse position than we would have been in if Congress had simply raised fuel taxes in the first place. And as far as the ‘new roads, bridges, tunnels, airports, and railways gleaming across our beautiful land,; good luck with that one.” More New York real estate: “Paul Manafort’s Puzzling New York Real Estate Purchases” [WYNC]. “Manafort’s New York City transactions follow a pattern: Using shell companies, he purchased the homes in all-cash deals, then transferred the properties into his own name for no money and then took out hefty mortgages against them, according to property records.” 2016 Post Mortem “To the extent Democratic turnout was weak, it was mainly among black voters. Even there, the scale of Democratic weakness has been exaggerated” [New York Times]. “Instead, it’s clear that large numbers of white, working-class voters shifted from the Democrats to Mr. Trump. Over all, almost one in four of President Obama’s 2012 white working-class supporters defected from the Democrats in 2016, either supporting Mr. Trump or voting for a third-party candidate.” As usual, I would like to see “white” removed, surgically if necessary, from “working class,” to see what new possibilities open up. I would bet that black working class rejection of Democrats is expressed as low turnout (anecdotes from IIRC Milwaukee here), since they couldn’t bring themselves to vote for Trump. It sure is puzzling that all those white racists checked their privilege and voted for Obama twice, though. Funny, life! Realignment and Legitimacy “A Haunting Debut Looks Ahead to a Second American Civil War” [New York Times]. “Set in the closing decades of the 21st century and the opening ones of the 22nd, El Akkad’s novel recounts what happened during the Second American Civil War between the North and South and its catastrophic aftermath. It is a story that extrapolates the deep, partisan divisions that already plague American politics and looks at where those widening splits could lead. A story that maps the palpable consequences for the world of accelerating climate change and an unraveling United States. A story that imagines what might happen if the terrifying realities of today’s wars in Iraq and Afghanistan — drone strikes, torture, suicide bombers — were to come home to America.” Zeitgeist watch… “A conversation continued over health care” [Castle Rock News]. Local report on Indivisible group in Colorado. No mention of single payer. “North Carolina’s ‘Bathroom Bill’ Could Cost the State More Than $3 Billion” [AP]. “Lemons: Gun-Totin’ Left-Wingers Demonstrate at the Arizona Capitol: Is Bloodshed on the Horizon?” [Phoenix New Times]. “Calexit: The “Bad Boys of Brexit” throw their weight behind move to split state” [Mercury News]. Stats Watch Richmond Fed Manufacturing Index, March 2017: “Manufacturing activity in the Fifth District expanded for the fifth consecutive month in March” [Econoday]. “The robust strength in manufacturing reported by the Fifth District is in line with strength seen in other regional reports, but it has yet to translate to similar strength in actual factory data out of Washington.” International Trade in Goods, February 2017: “A sharp 2.1 percent drop in imports helped to narrow a smaller-than-expected $64.8 billion goods deficit in February, masking however another weak showing for exports which edged 0.1 percent lower” [Econoday]. “Also released with this report are advance data on wholesale and retail inventories, both of which rose 0.4 percent in February. These inventory readings may help GDP estimates, where inventory builds are a positive, but not the outlook for production and employment which may suffer if the builds, during this period of slow growth, turn out in fact to be unwanted.” Wholesale Inventories [Advance], February 2017: “Wholesale inventories rose 0.4 percent in February with nondurables up 0.9 percent vs only a 0.1 percent rise for the key durable goods component” [Econoday]. Retail Inventories [Advance], February 2017: “Retail inventories rose 0.4 percent in February which looks heavy following an upward revised 0.9 percent rise in January. Year-on-year, retail inventories are up 3.9 percent and may be heavy given how slow February retail sales proved to be” [Econoday]. “Inventories are especially heavy at auto dealers, up 1.1 percent in the month and 9.5 percent year-on-year reflecting contraction so far in this year’s vehicle sales.” Consumer Confidence, March 2017: “It was two cycles ago that the consumer confidence index has been this high” [Econoday]. “At 113.8, the expectations component hasn’t been this high since September 2000. The present situation component is at 143.1 for its best reading since August 2001 which was just at the end of the 1991 to 2001 economic cycle…. Consumers are extremely upbeat right now though the lack of inflation expectations doesn’t quite fit. What else doesn’t fit is actual consumer spending which has failed to match the strength underway in confidence.” Yet again…. And: “An important element will be whether increased confidence in the outlook translates into increased spending or whether there is a move to raise precautionary savings despite higher confidence” [Economic Calendar]. And: “Unusual strength in confidence readings has been the standout feature of the post-election economy. The consumer confidence index has yet to slow, pressing to new cycle highs in February as the spread between optimists and pessimists continued to widen” [247 Wall Street]. State Street Investor Confidence Index, March 2017: “The rise in the confidence of global institutional investors was driven by a sharp increase in the European component, which rose 11.9 points to 95. The Asian component also rose, increasing by 5.3 points to 109.6, but the North American sub-index fell by 0.3 points to 91.6” [Econoday]. “State Street said the return of European investor confidence after a sharp decline in February was due to an easing of political tensions following the Dutch elections, as well as as sustained economic momentum on the back of positive economic surprises in the region. The stalling of U.S. investor confidence, on the other hand, shows understandable caution given the strong run-up in stocks and the simultaneous exit from historically low rates, which has not been experienced before.” S&P Corelogic Case-Shiller Home Price Index, January 2017: “are on the climb” [Econoday]. “The geographic widening in strength is a special plus of this report, one that points to a solid, though not spectacular, contribution from housing.” Commodities: “Canada’s IC Potash Corp. (TSX:ICP) is creating a new research and development subsidiary called ICP Organics to focus on enhancing yields for cannabis growers and increasing the health impact and effects for consumers” [Mining.com]. Retail: “The much-talked-about ‘no cashier convenience store’ called Amazon Go to be launched by e-commerce giant Amazon.com, Inc. through its ‘Project Como’ has got delayed.” [Zacks]. “Amazon has been testing the store at its campus in Seattle, with employees serving as beta testers. Reportedly, the store has been functioning well if there are just a few customers and are moving at a slow pace. As it is not feasible to ask customers to keep a check on their pace, the opening of these stores had to be postponed.” This sounds to me like another idea that MBAs and techies think is great but is in fact stupid. From my small town perspective: First, I like having a cashier. The human contact is good! Second, if there’s no cashier, there’s still going to be a human: A cop in a car, to prevent customers from being robbed. In other words, in good Walmart fashion, the social protective function once served by the cashier will now be funded by me, through my property taxes. Go, Jeff! Manufacturing: “The future of U.S. manufacturing is increasingly being built through automation, and it looks like the robots are coming from abroad” [Wall Street Journal]. “Commerce Department data show the U.S. last year ran a trade deficit of $4.1 billion in advanced “flexible manufacturing” goods with Japan, the European Union and Switzerland, which lead the industry—double the 2003 deficit. The gap poses a big policy problem: As the U.S. tries to increase industrial production, companies probably will have to import the kind of advanced machinery needed to keep American factories competitive. Consolidation in industrial robotics, including big buys by China’s Midea Group and Japan’s Fanuc Corp., and what one expert says is a “brain drain” in American expertise has left a gap in U.S. domestic production, leaving manufacturers looking for imports for innovation.” But we’re still #1 in fabulously expensive bespoke weaponry and financial scams. And opioids. So not to worry. Shipping: “Weak import volumes have left Brazil without the necessary empty containers to fulfil export potential, trapping it in a Catch-22 situation that will hinder long-term economic growth” [The Loadstar]. “This is the view of Antonio Dominguez, [Managing Director] of Maersk Line’s east coast South America cluster, who said carriers could no longer be expected to carry the burden of such inefficiencies.” Political Risk: “[Former BLS head Kathleen Utgoff] isn’t afraid that the Trump Administration will meddle with statistical methodologies or the numbers they produce; that would require co-opting thousands of career government surveyors, statisticians, and economists in an effort to alter data collected from hundreds of thousands of businesses and citizens. (Even Richard Nixon, who, in 1971, hatched a plan to rid the B.L.S. of what he thought was a “Jewish cabal” out to destroy him, was unable to undercut the bureau’s independence.) Nor does anyone object to the reasonable arguments about which unemployment rate (there are six of them) best reflects the true state of the economy. The danger is that a President who disparages the data might convince his followers that bad economic news is political propaganda, and offer numbers that have no statistical rigor behind them” [The New Yorker]. “Good economic statistics benefit the left and the right, government and business. Without reliable data, businesses can’t take risks on investments. Boeing, for example, decides how many 787 Dreamliners to build and therefore how many people to employ based on its Current Market Outlook forecast, which is rooted in B.L.S. data and projects aircraft demand for the next twenty years.” The Fed: “We note the contrasting projections by the Atlanta and New York Federal Reserve’s GDP trackers. The Atlanta Fed’s model has the US economy slowing to a 1.0% annualized pace in Q1. This would be just below the average Q1 pace beginning in 2010. However, the New York Fed’s model has the economy tracking 3.0%. The market (Bloomberg median) is smack in between” [Brown Brothers Harriman, Across the Curve]. Heck, what’s a mere 2% difference? The Fed: “Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Robert Kaplan said on Monday that he will support further interest rate adjustments if the U.S. economy continues to show progress” [Economic Calendar]. Today’s Fear & Greed Index: 33 Fear (previous close: 29, Fear) [CNN]. One week ago: 36 (Fear). (0 is Extreme Fear; 100 is Extreme Greed). Last updated Mar 28 at 1:23pm. Still hiding under the desk… Health Care “H. R. 676” (PDF). Life’s little ironies: #Irony: "Jim Messina became the unofficial enforcer for neoliberal elements w/in Obama's admin" https://t.co/Y6sphDOw2Q #resist #SinglePayer pic.twitter.com/5uJ6HlMSEe — RoseAnn DeMoro (@RoseAnnDeMoro) March 27, 2017 The 420 “South Carolina Rep. Eric Bedingfield once shunned all marijuana use, but when his eldest son’s six-year struggle with opioid addiction ended with his overdose a year ago, the conservative Republican co-sponsored medical cannabis legislation” [Post and Courier (DK)]. “‘My mindset has changed from somebody who looked down on it as a negative substance to saying, ‘This has benefits,” Bedingfield said recently. The 50-year-old teetotaler believes marijuana may effectively wean addicts from an opioid dependence. Ultimately, the Marine veteran hopes medical marijuana can be an alternative to people being prescribed OxyContin or other opioid painkillers to begin with, helping curb an epidemic he’s seen destroy families of all economic levels.” Water Michael Burry, courtesy phone please! “Managers with the Oregon Water Resources Department have handed out rights to pump water while pleading ignorance about how much was actually available. They have approved new pumping for irrigation even as their own scientists warned it could hurt the water table, interviews and state records show” [The Oregonian]. “Some irrigators are so confident their permits will be approved, they sink wells first and file the paperwork later. Andy Root, a Harney County rancher who began pumping without state approval, said it has long been common practice in the area. He’s since applied to obtain a water permit years after he began pumping.” “Thousands of farmers in the parched Mexican border city of Mexicali are protesting plans by Constellation Brands to build a $1.4 billion plant there, the WSJ’s Robbie Whelan reports, and want President Donald Trump to push for the brewery to move to the U.S. side of the border. The farmers worry that the plant will use too much water, taxing an area where aging irrigation infrastructure and a low water table have already forced farmers to pull tens of thousands of acres out of production” [Wall Street Journal]. “The best estimate is that at present India uses 230-250 cubic kilometres of groundwater each year. This accounts for about one-quarter of the global groundwater use. More than 60% of irrigated agriculture and 85% of domestic water use now depends on groundwater. India now uses more groundwater than China and the United States combined” [Quartz]. “According to official assessments by the Indian ministry of water resources, in 2004, around 29% of the groundwater blocks were critical, semi-critical or over-exploited. It also concluded that the situation was deteriorating rapidly. In 2014, the central groundwater board noted that the number of over-exploited districts increased from 3% in 1995 to 15% in 2011.” Guillotine Watch “But the deafening din crackled with the spirit of a communal rally. [Hamilton] full-throated affirmation of diversity, inclusion and tolerance has taken on new urgency now that these values have fallen under sharp attack. “Hamilton” has become part of the resistance” [Los Angeles Times]. Read Stoller to innoculate yourself against this bullshit. Class Warfare I had to leave this on the cutting room floor for the Frank RIch piece. But: Best way to empower Nazis is to mock white working class people who are dying because of policies Dems implemented. &mdash; Matt Stoller (@matthewstoller) March 24, 2017 Sharpening the contradictions… And this: .@BrookingsEcon&#39;s widely covered #BPEA conference on travails of white middle class makes the big time – Doonesbury! pic.twitter.com/q1nWTxPlcT &mdash; Strobe Talbott (@strobetalbott) March 25, 2017 “Hijab becomes symbol of resistance, feminism in the age of Trump” [USA Today]. I don’t get this at all. What am I missing here? “Top US coal boss Robert Murray: Trump ‘can’t bring mining jobs back'” [Guardian]. News of the Wired “Galactica stellaris: Astronomers Build a Family Tree for the Milky Way’s Stars” [Scientific American]. “Classification is never easy. Whether it’s monkey species, astronomical objects or elementary particles, there are seemingly endless ways to organize and group things. For centuries biologists have used “family tree” diagrams as their approach of choice for tracing living organisms’ lineages. And now astronomers are borrowing from biology to classify stars this way, too.” “Universal adversarial perturbations” [Archiv.org]. “Can we find a single small image perturbation that fools a state-of-the-art deep neural network classifier on all natural images? We show in this paper the existence of such quasi-imperceptible universal perturbation vectors that lead to misclassify natural images with high probability.” Hmm. * * * Readers, feel free to contact me with (a) links, and even better (b) sources I should curate regularly, and (c) to find out how to send me images of plants. Vegetables are fine! Fungi are deemed to be honorary plants! See the previous Water Cooler (with plant) here. And here’s today’s plant (CW): CW wrote: “This morning, I outside when I heard a shriek from partner and thought the worse (dead chicken??) – no she had found that one of the banana shoots she had put in a year ago was flowering. The flowers are on the end of the bananas and the plant is thick with our small native bees (who share my home and live in one of the walls of my 60s era house). I have so many great flowers and plants here, fruiting trees, even persimmon and ylang ylang. Just about anything will grow and my partner is always cutting off plants and bringing the cuttings home, in the ground and away you go. Yes, we are lucky. We see many different bird species and butterflies large and small, and fruit bats fly in every night to feed off a large ficus tree we have on the back boundary. I’ve been meaning to send in pics of plants etc, but my best camera is my phone, so I have procrastinated. There are two pics I hope you can use attached.” Readers, Water Cooler is a standalone entity, not supported by the very successful Naked Capitalism fundraiser just past. Now, I understand you may feel tapped out, but when and if you are able, please use the dropdown to choose your contribution, and then click the hat! Your tip will be welcome today, and indeed any day. Water Cooler will not exist without your continued help. Donate $25$50$75$100 00300 This entry was posted in Water Cooler on March 28, 2017 by Lambert Strether. About Lambert Strether Readers, I have had a correspondent characterize my views as realistic cynical. Let me briefly explain them. I believe in universal programs that provide concrete material benefits, especially to the working class. Medicare for All is the prime example, but tuition-free college and a Post Office Bank also fall under this heading. So do a Jobs Guarantee and a Debt Jubilee. Clearly, neither liberal Democrats nor conservative Republicans can deliver on such programs, because the two are different flavors of neoliberalism (“Because markets”). I don’t much care about the “ism” that delivers the benefits, although whichever one does have to put common humanity first, as opposed to markets. Could be a second FDR saving capitalism, democratic socialism leashing and collaring it, or communism razing it. I don’t much care, as long as the benefits are delivered. To me, the key issue — and this is why Medicare for All is always first with me — is the tens of thousands of excess “deaths from despair,” as described by the Case-Deaton study, and other recent studies. That enormous body count makes Medicare for All, at the very least, a moral and strategic imperative. And that level of suffering and organic damage makes the concerns of identity politics — even the worthy fight to help the refugees Bush, Obama, and Clinton’s wars created — bright shiny objects by comparison. Hence my frustration with the news flow — currently in my view the swirling intersection of two, separate Shock Doctrine campaigns, one by the Administration, and the other by out-of-power liberals and their allies in the State and in the press — a news flow that constantly forces me to focus on matters that I regard as of secondary importance to the excess deaths. What kind of political economy is it that halts or even reverses the increases in life expectancy that civilized societies have achieved? I am also very hopeful that the continuing destruction of both party establishments will open the space for voices supporting programs similar to those I have listed; let’s call such voices “the left.” Volatility creates opportunity, especially if the Democrat establishment, which puts markets first and opposes all such programs, isn’t allowed to get back into the saddle. Eyes on the prize! I love the tactical level, and secretly love even the horse race, since I’ve been blogging about it daily for fourteen years, but everything I write has this perspective at the back of it. View all posts by Lambert Strether → Post navigation ← Immigrants and Innovation in US History Bill Black: Kansas Legislature Slips Koch Noose, Authorizes Medicaid Expansion → Subscribe to Post Comments 179 comments megamike March 28, 2017 at 2:04 pm The Decline of Black Business And what it means for American democracy. http://washingtonmonthly.com/magazine/marchaprilmay-2017/the-decline-of-black-business/ Reply ↓ Jim Haygood March 28, 2017 at 2:17 pm “Talking to a friend at lunch not long ago, he expressed his amazement that the House and Senate leadership didn’t have bills “lined up like airplanes on a runway” ready to take off in the new year. I was surprised, too.” This is an enduring mystery. Recall 1994, when Newt Gingrich’s Contract with America really did have ten bills lined up like airplanes on a runway. From an R party perspective, it was hugely successful. They won back majority control of the House after a 40-year hiatus, and proceeded to enact six or seven of the ten bills. But in the following 1996 election, and all those thereafter, no “accountability” promises were offered again. WHY? One can only surmise that politicians fear accountability like vampires flinch from silver crosses (bearing in mind that there may be some overlap between these two demographics — reportedly some House members only come out at night). Reply ↓ Pirmann March 28, 2017 at 3:02 pm What that tells me is, aside from a couple of tweaks here and there, the Republicans pretty much got their agenda pushed through during the 0bama administration, so no substantive changes needed to be lined up for this one. Reply ↓ OpenThePodBayDoorsHAL March 28, 2017 at 4:45 pm Ding ding ding we have a winner 7 years to construct an ObamaCare alternative but why bother? Since you got the Heritage Foundation version implemented already. With an added, deeply fascist bonus: for the first time (so far) citizens are now required by law to purchase a certain service provided by a private company. Think of the possibilities! Reply ↓ Marina Bart March 28, 2017 at 7:52 pm I don’t think this is correct. The corporatist neoliberals may be content, but the Freedom Caucus certainly isn’t. It seems clear to me that the bigger problem is that there is no consensus in the caucus on the role of government. Once Trump won the nomination, the Republicans in the Congress had no incentive to work on bills. He had no pre-existing constituency among the elected. He’s not a Freedom Caucus guy and he’s not (left to his own devices) a Koch guy. Even if they thought he had a chance to win, what he was saying he wanted to do wasn’t relevant to them. And I’m sure they all thought he would lose. The party tried to block him from the nomination, and then in the fall, it tried again to side with Clinton and get her elected. Under those condition, no Trumpian bills could be or would be developed, and those opposed to him and his expressed policy preferences had no reason to craft bills in case he won, either. Reply ↓ sleepy March 28, 2017 at 3:20 pm Perhaps because the status-quo has become so comfortable for the duopoly that there’s little need to offer things like actual laws, other than their utility as campaign rhetoric. When the dems are busy polishing the Heritage Foundation turd of the ACA why bother? Dems 2018–We saved Obamacare and you’re whining about single-payer? Repubs 2018–We saved you from single-payer and you’re whining about Obamacare? Reply ↓ charles leseau March 28, 2017 at 3:44 pm LOL. I typed nearly the same thing, but failed to refresh the page in between a little break to see you and Pirmann write it for me. Reply ↓ wilroncanada March 29, 2017 at 9:59 pm I would presume that ALEC has dozens of bills ready and waiting, but for some reason they are not being presented. They should suit the Freedom Caucus fine, but other Republicans as well as the President are unwilling to jump at the chance. I imagine the American Chamber of Commerce is fuming. In the words of a well-known Canadian comedy duo, They don’t know what to do with their caucus. Reply ↓ charles leseau March 28, 2017 at 3:43 pm One can only surmise that politicians fear accountability like vampires flinch from silver crosses. Or maybe that they’re already pretty satisfied with the current status quo, and all their vituperative public positions and cries for change are little more than lines read by hired actors to continuously mollify their constituency. When the opposing party is doing all the work for you, why feel the need to do anything? Reply ↓ zapster March 28, 2017 at 6:22 pm The do-nothing party continues to do nothing. :) Reply ↓ Big River Bandido March 29, 2017 at 6:48 am I can’t tell to which party you refer. Reply ↓ MartyH March 28, 2017 at 6:25 pm Maybe they don’t have bills “lined up like airplanes on a runway” because it’s all working so well for their constituents (the ones who fund them) that they’d hate to mess it up. Reply ↓ Steely Glint March 28, 2017 at 7:17 pm That’s because he had aids who knew how to write legislation. After Newt (that vile creature) got rid of those aids, who provided advise to both sides of the aisle & went to partisan $$$ think tanks congress “forgot” how to write bills. I remember one Congress woman stating before the ACA passage that they would have to sharpen their pencils and relearn how to write legislation. As much as I would love to see Medicare for all, as long as $$ rules the day, I believe we would see a whittling away of Medicare as we know it, so people would have to purchase private insurance supplemental policies. http://washingtonmonthly.com/magazine/junejulyaug-2014/the-big-lobotomy/ Reply ↓ Roger Smith March 28, 2017 at 2:19 pm “Hijab becomes symbol of resistance, feminism in the age of Trump” [USA Today]. I don’t get this at all. What am I missing here? The rose tinted glasses that mask liberal contradictions. Girl Power!* Reply ↓ Vatch March 28, 2017 at 2:42 pm Hijab wearing women in America have voluntarily chosen to be oppressed, unlike women in Saudi Arabia, who are oppressed whether they like it or not. Sometimes real life is its own satire. Reply ↓ optimader March 28, 2017 at 3:28 pm The real liberated women in America bind their feet. Hijabs are for posers Reply ↓ Vatch March 28, 2017 at 3:39 pm Hah! That’s one for the lexicon! Reply ↓ Fred1 March 28, 2017 at 4:24 pm It’s a little bit more complicated that. Please consider A Quiet Revolution by Leila Ahmed, which discusses the unveiling of Muslim women during the 50s, 60s, and 70s, and then the reveiling that continues to today. Reply ↓ Katharine March 28, 2017 at 4:33 pm You guys are so far out of it, I’m sorry for you. Nobody is oppressed who wears what she chooses to wear. It is her choice: that is the whole point. Doing what you think she ought to do would be evidence of oppression. Why is this so hard to understand? Reply ↓ clarky90 March 28, 2017 at 4:51 pm Pregnant hijab wearers at risk of Vitamin D deficiency http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/national/293505/hijab-wearers-risk-vitamin-d-deficiency “She carried out her own investigation in 2012, and found that all the women who took part were Vitamin D deficient.” “We investigated Vitamin D status of Middle Eastern women and we found that all women were Vitamin D deficient, all. “We had 44 participants in our study and all were Vitamin D deficient, and I love walking, I love sunshine, when sun’s out – I’m always out, but no benefit, no benefit. But I enjoy it.” Reply ↓ optimader March 28, 2017 at 5:10 pm Pregnant hijab wearers at risk of Vitamin D deficiency Then there is that.. …no doubt.. I presume that would extend beyond just pregnant women? Reply ↓ Katharine March 28, 2017 at 5:13 pm There are supplements they can take, and in any case it is their choice. I do not understand the hubris of people who think they have a right to tell other adults what to wear. Reply ↓ Vatch March 28, 2017 at 5:26 pm We’re not telling her what to wear — that’s what the Muslim men do — they’re the ones with hubris. She can wear whatever she wants. It’s her right to choose to be submissive — tragically, in some countries, failure to do so would be very dangerous. The whole situation is dripping with irony. Reply ↓ Katharine March 28, 2017 at 5:43 pm You called her oppressed because of what she chooses to wear. Excuse me for reading that as a judgment of what she should wear: it certainly appears that by your standards she would only not be oppressed if she chose as you think she should. I thought the idea of hijab as feminist act was no more than mildly interesting till I saw the way you reacted to it. Who do you think you are to judge her? Why can you not show her the elementary respect of believing that she makes her own choices without coercion? Reply ↓ Marina Bart March 28, 2017 at 7:58 pm Katherine, are you really unaware of the phenomenon of internalized misogyny and internalized hatred of oneself as “other”? There are women who hate women, black people who hate blackness. It starts very early. The New Testament includes Paul’s letters enforcing the covering of women’s hair. This is a very, very, very old ploy. Are you also fine with the Duggar girls not being allowed to go to school and then married off to pop out babies until their uteruses (uteri?) collapse? They will tell you they are making a free choice. Are they? Is it a choice when a girl hyper-sexualizes herself? Those seven year olds in bikinis? Is that a choice? Reply ↓ clarky90 March 28, 2017 at 6:00 pm Somali woman killed for not wearing veil, relatives say http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-28564984 Militant Islamists in Somalia have shot dead a Muslim woman for refusing to wear a veil, her relatives say. Ruqiya Farah Yarow was killed outside her hut near the southern Somali town of Hosingow by gunmen belonging to the al-Shabab group, they say. The militants had ordered her to put on a veil, and then killed her after returning and finding she was still not wearing one, the relatives said. Reply ↓ Optimader March 28, 2017 at 8:16 pm Touche.. i could give a FF what someone wears if it is not an imposition on me. None the less it is mysoginist cultural imposition that I dont care for having to accommodate with any special rules…. no less on the road when they situationally unaware weild toyota corrollas like inertial mass weapons. Reply ↓ Steely Glint March 28, 2017 at 7:41 pm After having a squamous cell carcinoma removed, I believe the burkini is very sensible. Reply ↓ Vatch March 28, 2017 at 10:06 pm Well, yes, you have a point. Or one could follow Mary Schmich’s commencement speech advice: http://www.planetgary.com/sunscreen.htm Reply ↓ clarky90 March 28, 2017 at 5:20 pm Implications of vitamin D deficiency in pregnancy and lactation https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3540805/ “Because calcium demands increase in the third trimester of pregnancy, vitamin D status becomes crucial for maternal health, fetal skeletal growth, and optimal maternal and fetal outcomes. … Vitamin D deficiency has long been associated with poor bone development and has been identified as the cause of rickets.Oct 20, 2009” Reply ↓ zapster March 28, 2017 at 6:24 pm I just heard on some podcast that Vit. D deficiency in pregnant women has now been linked to autism in the offspring, as well. Reply ↓ jrs March 28, 2017 at 8:04 pm but are they more or less at risk for it than pregnant office workers … they don’t get much sun either. Reply ↓ Vatch March 28, 2017 at 5:06 pm She’s doing what conservative Muslim men want her to do. This reminds me of Phyllis Schlafly, and her efforts to impede women’s rights. It also resembles the behavior of some lower income people who repeatedly vote for politicians who consistently betray them by serving the interests of the ultra-rich. Reply ↓ optimader March 28, 2017 at 5:12 pm Holy Smoke..Phyllis Schlafly eeek, haven’t heard her name invoked in a while Reply ↓ Katharine March 28, 2017 at 5:28 pm She is doing what she wants to do. If that happens to coincide with what conservative Muslim men want her to do rather than with what you want her to do, too bad for you. You still do not appear to grasp that grown women can make their own choices and that your opinion is irrelevant. I refrained from spelling that out in my previous comment, because I was trying to be nice, but evidently nice won’t work. There are times–and when women with no connection to you choose their clothes is one–when your opinion is wholly irrelevant. Reply ↓ Vatch March 28, 2017 at 5:33 pm I don’t want her to do anything! You’re reading too much into this. Reply ↓ Katniss Everdeen March 28, 2017 at 6:00 pm I wish I could agree with you. I really do. But I don’t. Dressing this way seems deliberately antagonistic and provocative to me. And, considering the religious implications for similarly clothed women globally (I’m thinking stones here) that this garb represents, I find the tortured explanation of expressions of american feminism to be pure, unmitigated bullshit. In my own defense, I would say that I extend my critique to female newscasters and politicians in four-inch heels displaying acres of boobs and miles of cleavage and expecting to be taken seriously. A distinction without a difference. I have a brain too. Don’t piss on my leg and tell me it’s raining.. Reply ↓ Katharine March 28, 2017 at 6:11 pm You call this antagonistic and provocative? “Everyone deserves to choose their self identity,” she said. “If it is OK in the society for women to show their skin then it should also be OK for them to cover up.” Sorry, looks like a plain statement of equity to me. Reply ↓ Katniss Everdeen March 28, 2017 at 7:08 pm I call the hijab antagonistic and provocative, and I stand by that call. There are plenty of articles of clothing, readily available in any american store, with which one can “cover up” if “modesty” is one’s religiously inspired aim. As near as I can tell, the hijab covers hair (kind of), not skin. So what’s this really all about? Reply ↓ Katharine March 28, 2017 at 7:28 pm I call your condemnation of the hijab antagonistic and provocative. Last I heard, we had free exercise of religion in this country, and if anyone, of any religion, wants to dress in a way they regard as religiously meaningful, I stand by their right to do it. Reply ↓ Optimader March 28, 2017 at 8:29 pm So , Katherine, you would not be offended if in my kay es mas macho religious belief i choose to wear a fleshtone tank top? Just the tanktop? Would you defend me in that religiously driven clothibg (or lack of it ) practice? I do my morning walk by the local grammar school BTW. Marina Bart March 28, 2017 at 7:35 pm I’m with Katniss. I’m appalled that we’re now being asked to accept the hijab as a “feminist” statement. It’s not. Are you also down with women consenting to have their daughter’s clitoris excised? I mean, that’s the next step here. In case the success of Hillary Clinton didn’t make it clear, lots of women consent to abide by misogynist control, for a wide variety of reasons. Internalized misogyny is a thing, in case you have never met a female anti-choice activist from among the evangelical community that used to not care about abortion at all. I don’t know whether it makes sense to ban hijabs from public school, and I would never force a woman to remove it by law, but come on. This is misogyny 101. Do men have to cover their hair? Why is covering her hair important to her? This goes back literally thousands of years. Enforcing the covering up and hiding of women’s bodies is part of hyper-eroticising them to weaken their ability to participate in public life, facilitate male sexual objectivity of them while putting the onus on the women for any sexual violence against them, and literally render them less visible as people. Reply ↓ Katharine March 28, 2017 at 7:45 pm Don’t be ridiculous! I have said only, and repeatedly, that I support women’s (or men’s) right to dress as they choose, and to suggest that means I would support their efforts to mutilate other persons is absurd and offensive. Why can you not respect other people enough to let them make purely personal choices that are different from those you would make? What kind of power trip is this? dcrane March 29, 2017 at 3:08 am I think that we’re focusing on the wrong issue. We’re critiquing a woman’s choice of clothing, rather than how the men and other woman in society treat that woman depending on which choice she made. hunkerdown March 28, 2017 at 6:10 pm Daily reminder that female modesty including veiling was normalized in the West early on by Greeks. Also, please look up “purdah”. That you choose to see women setting themselves apart from male society as a violation of Western norms is simply a liberal reflex, and really kind of embarrassing. Reply ↓ Plenue March 28, 2017 at 7:44 pm Why should I care what about the social customs of the slave owning Greeks? Pointing to what a bunch of boy-diddlers considered proper isn’t a compelling argument. It was stupid then, and it’s stupid now. Reply ↓ Optimader March 28, 2017 at 8:35 pm Lol , true that Reply ↓ hunkerdown March 28, 2017 at 10:02 pm If anything, Wahhabists got it from the tradition of the “forefathers of Democracy™” in the West. Indeed, the only point in complaining about it when the US sends them the materiel they use to enforce the subjugation of women is to soothe one’s conscience or to create an opportunity for moral dispensation. I don’t buy that “we’ve” moved past anything. If we oughtn’t take cues from boy-diddlers, we must disavow the entire history and most of the present of Western civilization, because they still run the joint. Reply ↓ Plenue March 28, 2017 at 11:10 pm “If anything, Wahhabists got it from the tradition of the “forefathers of Democracy™” in the West.” Bullshit. Regardless, you’re proving my point. Screw the Greeks and their bad ideas. And the present of Western civilization is in large an extension and expansion of basic ideas from the ancient world, changed in ways those ancients would most definitely not approve of. The United States itself was explicitly based on Roman and Athenian Greek ideas. Most of the things we equate with US democracy, things like universal voter enfranchisement, were never the vision of either our founders or the people they based their new government on. We didn’t even have direct election of Senators until 1913. The story of US democracy is one of clawing real democratic values out of the cold, dead hands of wannabe Athenians. Reply ↓ marieann March 28, 2017 at 5:59 pm I agree the hijab can be a choice. When I was a good little catholic girl I went to Mass wearing a hat or a little black veil. I never really thought about it but I didn’t really have a choice, women and girls had to cover their hair, if I didn’t I wouldn’t be allowed in Mass, to miss Mass is a sin and I could go to Hell, I was taught this in school Nowhere in the bible or the Koran does it say that women have to cover their hair ( what is it about friggin’ hair that bothers the religious anyway) ; it is a cultural thing. The good thing is when I was older I could ditch the brainwashing. To live in a country where the brainwashing is so strong means you don’t get to choose, and you grow up thinking it is your choice. I had a friend who wore the veil and from what she says it was never a choice, family pressure was the reason she dressed the way she did. Reply ↓ JustAnObserver March 28, 2017 at 8:07 pm A Hijab is NOT the same as a Veil! A hijab is just a bloody headscarf with a fancy name. I can remember 80s London when no Sloane Ranger worthy of the name would be without her Hermes headscarf (o.k. in a pinch Liberty would do). Did that make them oppressed by men ? by religion ? O.k. just like all junkies started by smoking weed (or drinking milk) there is the ever present danger that today the headscarf => tomorrow the burqa => emigration to Saudi Arabia is just around the corner. /s Reply ↓ Plenue March 28, 2017 at 8:08 pm “what is it about friggin’ hair that bothers the religious anyway” You could ask that about a lot of things. The Abrahamic G-d, Lord of Lords & King of Kings, The Alpha & Omega, The Almighty, The Merciful (/sarcasm) regularly comes across as nothing so much as a petulant child. A raging sociopath who throws a smiting hissy-fit at the merest minor infraction (not to mention decreeing the stupidest things to be infractions in the first place). Polytheist religions at least generally acknowledge that their gods are petty and vain, and that sacrificing to them is at least as much about convincing them to not actively screw you over as it is about getting them to support you. Show me a jihadi with the worlds worst facial hair, and I’ll show you the true face of Faith. Reply ↓ marieann March 28, 2017 at 8:39 pm Oh! what I would give to be able to do a bit of Smiting now and again. Reply ↓ marieann March 28, 2017 at 8:39 pm Oh! what I would give to be able to do a bit of Smiting now and again. Reply ↓ Plenue March 28, 2017 at 7:33 pm Do they ‘choose’ to wear it because they actually like how it looks and feels, or because they subscribe to the woman-hating, men belittling philosophy behind it; that women need to cover themselves lest men lose control of their urges? Reply ↓ Katharine March 28, 2017 at 7:50 pm Did you read the article? Reply ↓ clinical wasteman March 28, 2017 at 11:27 pm !+10,000+! “Sorry for you” will do for internet comments, but it goes to another level when, as in several European countries among other places, it becomes a police matter. (Sumptuary Laws, they used to call that in those same European countries only a few hundred years ago. It was explicitly about knowing your place in the social-economic caste system.) No amount of anecdotal or statistical evidence that some hijab-wearing Muslim women are oppressed (by family members, religious or community organizations etc, as well as by the state, employers … i.e. just like countless non-veiled, non-Muslim women … and men) is relevant at all here, because it’s all about whether or not you claim the right to try to make her do as you think she ought when she says she doesn’t want to. Maybe you suspect she was coerced into saying that, but presuming to know other people better than they know themselves is the ugliest habit of Blairite social SWAT teams, Sunnstein-Thaler-style ‘Nudge’ bullies, Toughlovers tabloid editors and … oh yeah, religious authoritarians at best; at worst it’s the habit of the same sort of people but with actual political power. Apart from a few protests in France about the infamous new Sumptuary laws there (women forced off beaches for showing too little skin), I’ve heard of few hijab-wearning women — few people at all other than liberal columnists actually — trying to claim ‘subversive feminist’ status for the scarf, and I live in a country where this is a routine shrieking point of pro-cultural-“integration” (i.e. not the Civil Rights Movement sense but forced conformity to imaginary British Vales as defined by lifestyle choices) media. The wry comments in this thread risk confusing a few other commentators (who don’t wear a veil but do spout about its “subversiveness”) with a great many more women who do, but don’t. For the latter — and for anyone else whose “cultural”, i.e. non-self-explanatory, needs are presumed and policed from above (eg.”offensive” speakers, “mis”users [not industrial-scale shippers] of Harmful substances, fans of Chief Keef in Chicago or Bashment raves in Croydon, refusers of nationally-specific Minutes of Silence/war memorials), etc etc it’s a matter of elementary respect. Ideally, respect would mean respite from other people trying to tell us what’s good for us — but the mere telling might be bearable if they would stop sending cops to force us to swallow it. Reply ↓ Dandelion March 29, 2017 at 3:42 am Well, that would be the neoliberal expression of feminism. Class-based feminism takes into account t the fact that no choice is made in a vacuum and also considers the effect of women’s choices on the global class women as a whole. Oppression is structural, not individual, and the hijab is very definitely a form of structural oppression, encoded in religious and secular law to enforce the submission of women. Reply ↓ wilroncanada March 29, 2017 at 10:04 pm Thanks Katherine. Maybe you could respond with some jibe about the “magic underwear” that millions of USite Mormon men wear, but I know you’re too respectful of choice to write that. Reply ↓ todde March 28, 2017 at 11:57 pm Are women who have to wear a top in public oppressed? Reply ↓ DJG March 28, 2017 at 3:56 pm What are you missing? Well, you don’t mention the deeper cause, which is the continuing crisis of monotheism. Just as one of the nice Christian ladies is quoted as saying that her dress is modest, too (and her husband will approve), so we are getting lots of enforced modesty these days. Further, what you missed telling us is that the obsession with women’s hair is part of a Semitic paradigm, because it turns up in Judaism, too. So this is deeply seated. And then there’s Good Ole Saint Paul, the guy who ruined the Beatitudes, who insisted women should cover their hair in church and not speak. Meaning: Women in Greek culture didn’t cover their heads in the temple (Romans did, to avoid evil spirits) and that there were rituals led by Greek and Roman women. See Jane Ellen Harrison’s magisterial Prolegomena to Greek Religion for women’s rituals. And what you were missing is the recent bad faith in attempting to compare the hijab to the habits of Catholic and Orthodox nuns. This came up as a metaphor in the burkini controversies. A little problem there: Nuns take vows and follow a rule (as do monks). They are not part of secular society. But what does religion in practice matter when we are all “spiritual” and metaphorical? So we are back at the same issue: What is equality for women? What is compulsion? What should a secularized culture accept? France and la laïcité may have a point. All that said, I don’t have a problem with women wearing the hijab. And there are many women who do so up here in the northern neighborhoods of Chicago. Just don’t try to sell me a bill of goods about agency, because I have seen Middle-Eastern men look right through the woman in the hijab. And don’t lecture me on “modesty.” Reply ↓ ChrisAtRU March 28, 2017 at 5:37 pm Well Lambert/RS, just because the Fauxistance is futile, doesn’t mean the Empire isn’t evil … ;-) Reply ↓ reslez March 28, 2017 at 6:48 pm Hijab may make one feel trendy and open-minded but it is not a fashion statement. To try to characterize it as such is to trivialize and ignore the rising history of oppression against women and loss of women’s rights in the Middle East since the 1960s. Hijab was considered a laughable, paleolithic demand of ultra-religious conservatives as little as 40 years ago. Choosing to wear it is like a freed slave choosing to wear an iron collar. At bare minimum it sends the wrong message. Wearing it means being completely conscious of that message and supporting it. Trivializing it is a mistake, one possible only for comfortable liberals in the West. Reply ↓ Katniss Everdeen March 28, 2017 at 7:10 pm Thank you for this. Reason seems to be in short supply these days. Reply ↓ JerseyJeffersonian March 28, 2017 at 7:20 pm Yes indeed. Next stop for the comfortable liberals is undoubtedly to argue for the sanctity of female genital mutilation. Eh, no. Reply ↓ Plenue March 28, 2017 at 8:27 pm https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7XmJUtcsak This seems relevant. Gee, that whole ‘overthrow Mosaddegh’ thing worked out great, didn’t it? Reply ↓ clinical wasteman March 28, 2017 at 11:38 pm “Trivializing” or not is one thing, but legislation, i.e. policing, is another. I’m a commie not a liberal, but I’m offended on what I guess must be liberal-equivalent grounds when anyone presumes to guess my motives for doing anything, and I’m absolutely unwilling to be made to do (or stop doing) something “for my own good” (For others’ good, or under some sort of provisional voluntary arrangement, or crushed by force majeure: all a different story. The “for your own good” part is even worse than the force.) So awareness of late 20th century Wahabi revivalism — and its social/economic and geopolitical causes everywhere — is not going to convince me that anyone else must or can ever be “saved from herself” by High-Empathy-Quotient, blissfully conformist know-it-alls. Reply ↓ Rhondda March 28, 2017 at 8:02 pm Reminds me of the Ellen James Society in The World According to Garp. Reply ↓ John March 28, 2017 at 8:12 pm The teenage willingness to do anything to piss off the ‘rents? Reply ↓ justanotherprogressive March 28, 2017 at 8:18 pm Whoa! Whatever happened to the feminism I fought for? You know, the one that said that all women should have the right make their own choices? Does that not apply to clothing? Do we really need other people acting as “fashion police” telling women what they can or cannot wear? If you are a woman and you want to walk around in a bikini, that is your choice. If you are a woman and you want to walk around in cowboy boots and a 10-gallon hat, that is your choice. If you are a woman and you want to walk around in high heels and a skirt that cobbles your movement, that is your choice. If you are a woman and you want to walk around in a sari, that is your choice. If you are a woman and you want to walk around in a dashiki and a dhuku, that is your choice. If you are a woman and you want to walk around in a hijab, that is your choice. I’m thinking some self-examination might be in order. Reply ↓ Marina Bart March 28, 2017 at 8:44 pm This is absolutely deluded. Do you not understand the power of social and cultural conditioning on people’s thinking? Economic forces, too. Yes, women wear high heels, that ruin their feet, tendons, and spines, while hobbling them so that they can’t run or even stride comfortably with authority. The high heels act to force their bodies into a sexually stimulating swaying motion. (Sexually stimulating to observers, that is. Not to the hobbling woman in the painful shoes.) Yes, we “let” them do it. Do you really think it’s some free expression of personal choice? I can’t believe we’re fighting this issue all over again. FAMILY BLOG this. FAMILY BLOG it to FAMILY BLOG. Reply ↓ Donald March 28, 2017 at 8:30 pm I read the hijab piece. I don’t understand why so many people here find it hard to understand. I will repeat the point made in plain English in the article. Forcing women to wear a hijab is oppressive. In the US, where Islamophobia is rampant, the pressure is on women who are Muslim to conform to what we think is right. So wearing a hijab in the US, if done voluntarily for the reason stated in the article is a way of telling moral busybodies that it is none of their business what a woman chooses to wear. It is also a thumb in the eye of Islamophobes. Reply ↓ Marina Bart March 28, 2017 at 8:49 pm So forcing women to unveil to conform to existing liberal society norms is bad, but applauding them for conforming to millennia-old restrictions still enforced with violence and oppression all over the world, including in communities here, is good? How about we let them wear the restrictive symbol of their oppression unmolested, while working to help them free themselves mentally and economically so they can and want to remove it? Reply ↓ clinical wasteman March 29, 2017 at 2:08 am How about…? By all means, provided “we…help” means people who see it that way collectively trying to do that — which means the work would be with the women on the “receiving end, i.e. a two-way exchange, which is what I do think is meant here — rather than a “Nudge”/”soft policing” state/NGO campaign. The UK is maybe the world leader in that sort of “behaviour modification” as political policy, despite the US origin of so much of the theory: it’s always invasive, with the additional galling aspect that the coercive power involved is coyly dissembled but still always there. It tends to get a show of meek compliance where the stakes are low and conformism is fashionable anyway (eg. diet commandments), but fares about as well as you might expect when it clashes with intensely felt group allegiances (eg. politically obnoxious, occasionally armed Wahabi/Salafi sects and any other Muslims who happen to be standing nearby) and offers nothing less laughable than “British Values” (politically obnoxious with some colourful cultural quirks; in the end always armed) in return. For similar reasons, a Nudge campaign against high heels (yes indeed, a grotesque symbol of male ((would-be)) proprietorship of women, imposed by “soft” coercion, and nowhere near as historically complicated as women’s religious headwear in any monotheistic religion) might fare better than a “soft” veil crusade. But it’s telling that there’s no such institutionally-backed anti-heels campaign anywhere, let alone a ban. The sexual symbolism could be argued (but let’s not start) to be even more blatant than that of the veils, but heels are apparently in keeping with certain prevailing “modern liberal sensibilities”/”Western Values”, even though they physically, visibly enact oppression, whereas veils attacked politically with occasional reference to oppression (real — I don’t think anyone is denying that) they sometimes symbolise. Not surprising, because feminist arguments are an afterthought in most anti-veil campaigns, which in Europe at least really do spout Clash Of Civilizations boilerplate all the time. Now bear in mind that “Muslims” are a described “culture” in Respectable Newspapers and as a “race” quite often in common speech: if outright prohibition of any religious paraphernalia is proposed, an officially retired (at least in Europe, yeah right…) “-ism” springs to mind, whether campaigners intend it or not. So although I agree with Katherine and Donald word for word, I don’t think that’s incompatible with gratitude to Marina — especially given the different perspective on the veil/s as such — for making the distinction between criticising something and policing it. Although I tend to disagree about the importance and legibility of symbols in general (leave them alone because they’re 1. more oblique than they seem and 2. are disastrously used as a diversion from real material problems: cf. “Culture Wars”, “National Socialism” vs. socialism), I do also agree with Marina about the absurdity of “personal choice” as an analytical category. The reason to resist institutional “benevolent”, especially when it’s “for your own benefit”, is that no-one outside some tiny economic elite is EVER even relatively “free to choose” almost anything. What looks like “choice” is a desperate, open-ended attempt to survive or evade multiple, conflicting, interlocking imperatives, threats and constraints. Prohibition and compulsion are obnoxious because they PRESUME that the compelled social group/individual is ABLE to choose to obey, and based on that presumption, the compelling institution (as likely private- as state-sector) threatens or perpetrates real violence by way of “deterrence” or “punishment”. Reply ↓ clinical wasteman March 29, 2017 at 2:12 am Apologies for meaningless italics mid-post: cat stood on (computer) mouse! Happens all too often. Reply ↓ clinical wasteman March 29, 2017 at 2:55 am Ach, just realized the cat scrambled even more than that. Towards the end, it (the post not the cat) should say: “the reason to resist institutional coercion, especially when it’s “for you own benefit”…” Using the same keyboard/mouse-walking trick, the same cat once deleted most of a deadline-sensitive 10,000-word article, hiding this in just such a way that on returning to the computer I immediately saved the deleted version on screen and in all backup places. Needless to say, I adore this cat to a near-pathological degree. Reply ↓ ChrisPacific March 29, 2017 at 7:22 pm Coming to this a bit late, but I think those who argue that feminism means women being free to wear what they want should try other articles of clothing/decorations on for size (Confederate flag, swastika, KKK outfit, SS uniform…) and see if their mental model still applies. Clothes aren’t just clothes. They have a historical and cultural context, and they send a message. Yes, people are free to send whatever message they choose by wearing what they choose, but that doesn’t mean that they shouldn’t also be evaluated on the content of the message they choose to send. To give another example, if you see a woman on TV arguing that women’s right to vote should be revoked, do you applaud her as a feminist for exercising her First Amendment right to say what she thinks unconstrained by society’s expectations? Or do you think about what she is actually saying? Now it’s possible that women wearing the hijab by choice are trying to co-opt the message and change its meaning, which has been done successfully in the past before (the use of the term ‘queer’ by the gay community, for example). If that’s what they are doing then we could debate that (chance of success, whether it’s a good or a bad idea). But nobody in this thread seems to be making that argument. If the view is that women should feel free to wear a hijab because they think it’s comfy and warm and they want to, then I think that is naïve. Reply ↓ Dandelion March 29, 2017 at 3:47 am Well, that would be the neoliberal expression of feminism. Class-based feminism takes into account t the fact that no choice is made in a vacuum and also considers the effect of women’s choices on the global class women as a whole. Oppression is structural, not individual, and the hijab is very definitely a form of structural oppression, encoded in religious and secular law to enforce the submission of women. Reply ↓ flora March 28, 2017 at 2:24 pm per yesterday’s microwave oven topic: You said you “don’t want an IoT internet connected microwave”. Why not? /s http://www.theregister.co.uk/2017/03/26/miele_joins_internetofst_hall_of_shame/ Reply ↓ flora March 28, 2017 at 2:34 pm and on the Cold War stuff: et tu, Lawrence Tribe? The list of people to never again take seriously gets longer and longer. Reply ↓ Judith March 28, 2017 at 2:44 pm Whenever I hear mention of Lawrence Tribe, I think of this article by Tim Wu (in the New Yorker a few years ago when they still published some stuff worth reading). http://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/did-laurence-tribe-sell-out Reply ↓ flora March 28, 2017 at 2:54 pm Thanks for that link. Reply ↓ jsn March 28, 2017 at 3:09 pm The New Yorker has been in an awful decline for a very long time now, none the less the Jane Mayer article on Mercer and Trump from this mornings links is highly explanatory. Reply ↓ toshiro_mifune March 28, 2017 at 2:50 pm A directory traversal attack? That’s pretty old school Reply ↓ Left in Wisconsin March 28, 2017 at 2:28 pm I guess it’s robot day in the news. When trying to locate WSJ story behind paywall, lots of other robot news. This from Supply Chain Digest on the same story: The US does have an overall trade surplus in robotic-related technologies, but a growing deficit to Japan and EU countries, as shown in the graphic below. Even the overall surplus is the result of exports of components and less-sophisticated machinery, mostly to developing nations. The US largely imports all the more advanced robotics. No comment necessary. Also, today or yesterday, Acemoglu is out with a new study saying “for each robot per 1000 workers” about 6 jobs were lost. Not sure I understand what “a robot per 1000 workers” is but not making any robots, hardly any advanced machine tooling at all, will obviously make it harder to ‘reinvigorate’ the sector, TSTL. Reply ↓ WheresOurTeddy March 28, 2017 at 2:47 pm What matters is where the profits go. Labor is a line in the cost structure. Jobs don’t matter to your rulers. Profits matter because the people who keep the profits keep the rulers’ campaigns funded. Waiting for the “robot tax” that will miraculously have exemptions for those who know who to donate to. Reply ↓ Dead Dog March 28, 2017 at 3:01 pm yes very depressing trajectory we are on, LIW. With Amazon seeking to be the first company to have no employees, it’s all rosy for us consumers Just need some money to buy that stuff they got Reply ↓ Altandmain March 28, 2017 at 2:29 pm Anyone read Ted Rall? http://www.counterpunch.org/2017/03/28/five-things-the-democrats-could-do-to-save-their-party-but-probably-wont/ 5/ Bernie Sanders says Democrats can and should do class issues and identity politics. He’s right. As we’ve seen with the increased acceptance of LGBTQ people in recent years, the two are intertwined: gays’ incomes have risen But here’s the rub: you can’t really take on poverty and income disparity while accepting contributions from banks and other corporations whose interest lies in perpetuating economic misery by keeping wages low. The biggest lesson Dems should internalize from Bernie’s candidacy is his reliance on small individual donations. Yeah I don’t see this happening any time soon. Not the Democrats. They’re bought. Jimmy Dore had a good video on Youtube about Robert Reich a while back: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_Gd__K-sl8 We gotta put together a strategy revolving around the fact that both parties are bought. Oh and put this one in the class warfare section: https://qz.com/932813/employee-burnout-is-becoming-a-huge-problem-in-the-american-workforce/ While companies are posting record profits, Americans are working harder than ever before for a nominal wage increase. The national unemployment rate has been cut in half since 2010 and the economy is projected to grow by almost 50% between 2010 and 2020. Despite this positive outlook, employees are overworked, burned out, and dissatisfied. A recent study my firm conducted, in partnership with Kronos, found that burnout is responsible for up to half of all employee attrition. Employees are working more hours for no additional pay and as a result, they are searching for new jobs. Nearly all employers surveyed agree that improving retention is a critical priority yet many aren’t investing in solving the problem, even though it costs thousands of dollars to replace each employee lost. … Companies need to do something about this burnout crisis now because otherwise, they will pay the high price of turnover. Sadly it’s only the fact that turnover might increase costs for business and lower profits that causes any action. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner March 28, 2017 at 3:20 pm Do Democrat do identity issues? Court challenges drove DADT and Obama’s evolution on gay marriage. Am I wrong to say the Federal Judge who ruled DADT unconstitutional after the Army Times produced evidence contradicting the Administration’s stance on gas affecting unit cohesion embarrassed Obama into acting before voters noticed what a pig he was? Reply ↓ JohnnyGL March 28, 2017 at 2:35 pm “Hijab becomes symbol of resistance, feminism in the age of Trump” [USA Today]. I don’t get this at all. What am I missing here? – My uninformed take on this is that the headline writer felt compelled to insert Trump where there was no need to do so. I’ve been seeing many more hijabs in recent years. 10 years ago, barely saw them. Not Trump related at all. I’m going to speculate that 16 years of wars, covert ops, coups, assassinations by our government against muslim countries, and western corporate media’s constant islamophobia has fueled a culture that wants to push back in some form. I think US cities have more immigrants coming from refugee numbers and from US universities that charge so much money that they need to pull in rich kids from the Gulf States. I don’t know enough to understand if there’s a class dimension here or if I’m way off. Reply ↓ cocomaan March 28, 2017 at 3:05 pm There were trump protesters donning hijabs out there, apparently (though I haven’t seen much written about it). Also, lots of signs promoting diversity using hijabs as a symbol (same artist who did the Obama Hope poster), which some people didn’t like. I don’t think there’s a lot of thought going into it. If they wore dashikis or a shriner fez or a keffiyah, nobody would care. Keffiyahs were, for awhile, a fashion statement. Some on the conservative side said it was the imminent Muslim invasion, those of the liberal bent said it was cultural appropriation. So there you go. I forget when I realized that roles in life are really a series of hats. Some soldiers wear helmets, others wear berets. Police officers wear visors. The Tuareg have the tagelmust among men, while traditionally the women went bald. I think the real rule here is, “Don’t let your hat have more personality than you do”. Reply ↓ marym March 28, 2017 at 5:39 pm Your take is right. In the same paragraph in the USAToday link calling it a response to Trump there’s a HuffPo link that shows that it’s not! There’s a lot of 20th and 21st century history of unveiling and resuming veiling among Muslim women in Muslim countries and the US. The Muslim women in the article have articulated their own reasons clearly enough. For a study of the subject in relation to political activism from 1940’s Egypt to current day US: A Quiet Revolution: The Veil’s Resurgence, from the Middle East to America by Leila Ahmed Reply ↓ Jess March 28, 2017 at 2:42 pm “Perturbation”. Do Lambert and Yves own stock in a company that makes thesauruses? I always feel like I should have next to me when I’m on NC. Reply ↓ optimader March 28, 2017 at 2:48 pm is perturbation a deviation from your lexicon? Reply ↓ Jess March 28, 2017 at 3:02 pm What’s a lexicon? Reply ↓ cocomaan March 28, 2017 at 3:09 pm The make of a luxury car, I think. Reply ↓ craazyboy March 28, 2017 at 4:53 pm No, it’s the title of a Lexus car salesman. Reply ↓ optimader March 28, 2017 at 3:23 pm A place to store your deviate perturbations.. Reply ↓ Ian March 28, 2017 at 4:19 pm i laughed hard on that one. Reply ↓ The Beeman March 28, 2017 at 2:51 pm One of the things I love about NC – (I own a thesaurus factory – just kidding) Reply ↓ Vatch March 28, 2017 at 3:03 pm Here’s the correct link: https://arxiv.org/pdf/1610.08401v1.pdf Some of the misinterpretations of the images are amusing. Reply ↓ carycat March 28, 2017 at 9:31 pm anybody see this research getting classified and deep sixed soon? slap a bumper sticker with a dodgy image on some .01 percenter’s car and watch a self driving Uber lose its mind. win – win. Reply ↓ MoiAussie March 28, 2017 at 8:53 pm Fascinating. Shows that “deep” neural network based feature recognition is as fragile today as the original NN algorithms were 20 years ago. Other classifier based decision systems, such as ones used to approve finance, insurance, etc. are likely just as vulnerable. Tech people rarely learn from the past, as they’re too busy trying to invent the future. Most of today’s AI is brute-force stupidity, and massively overhyped. Remember the predictions from a decade ago that the internet itself was about to become conscious? Dream on … Reply ↓ Tim March 28, 2017 at 2:56 pm “This sounds to me like another idea that MBAs and techies think is great but is in fact stupid. From my small town perspective: First, I like having a cashier. The human contact is good!” Lambert, you’ve obviously never lived in Seattle. Go to any supermarket and get in the cashier line. It’s as quite as a library, people simply do not converse. So Amazon folks probably think this is typical across the country and therefore ignorantly reached the conclusion that all humans are introverts and prefer not to have to interact with another human being to buy stuff. Still a miscalculation, but now you know why. Reply ↓ Kurt Sperry March 28, 2017 at 10:04 pm Up here in Bellingham, I often enjoy chatting with the other customers and the cashiers at the check-out lines, and it seems a lot of other people do as well. Seattle *is* often a little creepily emotionally cold, I think wealth inequality makes a lot of social interaction fraught and uncomfortable in urban areas where the discrepancies are concentrated. There’s basically no middle class in Seattle; it’s either rich or poor–kind of a Third World dynamic. Reply ↓ TellMeWhy March 28, 2017 at 3:09 pm Okay, so I’m curious to hear everyone’s thoughts. I went to a meeting for a local chapter of Our Revolution this past weekend. The organizer began the discussion before voting on steering committee members by asking what should be the priorities for Our Revolution nationally in the short to intermediate term. I remarked that they should take a page from Grover Norquist and his tax pledge and work on getting every Democrat to sign a pledge that they will vote for single payer (referring to a specific bill would be best) and, if they don’t, working to make “primarying” them a priority. A less robust alternative would be to simply say that anyone who doesn’t sign it will not be endorsed by Our Revolution, period. So what I am wondering is what are the difficulties that would be involved? What are the drawbacks to such a strategy? To my mind, it seems like the worst case (which would be bad) is that for whatever reason it was ineffectual or came to be seen as toothless. Is that a strong likelihood? Does anyone else see this as a worthy pursuit to identify and solidify reliable supporters, identify likely holdouts, and work to keep the issue at the forefront of discussion in upcoming elections? For the record, I’m not claiming to be original in coming up with this idea, but I haven’t really seen any discussion of it as a concrete possibility. Reply ↓ Andrew March 28, 2017 at 6:01 pm As you say, there’s talk about single payer, but I haven’t seen anyone suggest the “Grover Norquist pledge” approach, and frankly that seems like a very sensible, effective idea. Not least because vocal support for it is a concrete demand that can be made of every single political operative you come across, including local Our Revolution organizers. I’m curious, what kind of response did you get from other attendees? Reply ↓ TellMeWhy March 28, 2017 at 9:56 pm That part of the meeting was fairly informal and a bit disorganized (it was the first meeting for the chapter). There was definitely some audible agreement from those in attendance but then it was quickly on to the next person without any further discussion. I plan to bring it up again at future meetings when there will hopefully be more substantive discussions. It was really just something that occurred to me spur of the moment so I hadn’t really thought it through much. I can say though that Medicare for All probably came up more than every other issue combined among those running for steering committee positions, and drew the most vocal response from the crowd. Reply ↓ Ulysses March 28, 2017 at 10:26 pm “I can say though that Medicare for All probably came up more than every other issue combined among those running for steering committee positions, and drew the most vocal response from the crowd” Excellent! Reply ↓ PH March 29, 2017 at 8:39 am +1 Reply ↓ Mark Gisleson March 28, 2017 at 3:13 pm I believe Sanders is conflating public option with Medicare for All to make it easier for other politicians to agree with his remarks. He’s flipping the ambiguity to his advantage. Neoliberals claim no difference, so can’t disagree with Bernie for linking public option to Medicare for All. I don’t think Bernie gets nearly enough credit for always moving the ball forward even when the optics reflect on him in a less than ideal way. Reply ↓ RUKidding March 28, 2017 at 3:18 pm I agree overall with what you say. I’ve wondered, too, if Sanders is conflating Public Option with Medicare for All because it’s easier to explain and gain agreement. And I agree that he’s done hard work on keeping this conversation going after putting up with a jillion slings and arrows from both sides of the aisle. However things turn out, I feel a debt of gratitude to Sanders for what he’s done and doing. Reply ↓ bob k March 28, 2017 at 4:34 pm there is no need for Sanders to introduce a bill, unless it goes along with Conyers’s bill he introduced again to the House. This is the real deal. No conflation, no confusion, spelled out in simple terms all can grasp on his website. I quote: “This bill would establish a privately-delivered, publicly-financed universal health care system, where patients, their physicians, and non-profit health care providers would be in charge of medical decisions — not insurance companies. H.R. 676 would expand and improve the highly popular Medicare program and provide universal access to care to all Americans. The program would be primarily funded by a modest payroll tax on employers and employees, a financial transaction tax, and higher taxes on the wealthiest Americans. H.R.676 has been introduced in Congress since 2003, and has a broad base of support among universal health care activists, organized labor, physicians, nurses, and social justice organizations across the nation. The bill has been endorsed by 20 international unions, Physicians For A National Health Program, two former editors of the New England Journal of Medicine, National Nurses United, the American Medical Students Association, Progressive Democrats of America, Public Citizen, and the NAACP. Last year, a Kaiser Family Foundation poll found 67 percent of Americans support “Medicare for All.”” [A] “privately-delivered, publicly-financed universal health care system” is exactly what’s needed in the US. It can’t be tarred with the epithet “socialized medicine.” It’s got the support of unions, physicians, nurses, medical students and progressives. It plainly states how it will be financed – as it should be, through progressive taxes – the more you make the greater your contribution. That means it will be vastly more affordable than insurance premiums*. Conyers has been doing yeoman’s work, introducing this bill EVERY YEAR since 2003. He says that now is the time to give it legs, to push beyond the hollow “victory” of “saving Obamacare.” Will it be left to rot or will those who are advocating for Single Payer/Medicare for All put their activities where their mouths are. *The 1% need not fear the loss of their high priced health insurance that gets them to the head of the line at prestigious institutions like the Mayo Clinic. I’m pretty sure insurance companies will be happy to sell them The Ferrari Line of Super Expensive Medical Insurance that will allow them to look down on the 99%. Reply ↓ sleepy March 28, 2017 at 6:49 pm If only a rumor would get going that Putin was behind the opposition to single-payer. Reply ↓ JohnnyGL March 28, 2017 at 4:42 pm I’d say the uneasy relationship between Bernie and the Dems parallels that of Trump and the Repubs. Both kind of need each other and think they can get something from the other one. It’s not clear who’s actually winning quite yet. 1) Bernie’s got a long track record of playing a weak hand very well. Lambert included the intercept article about the Community Health Centers which I can personally vouch for as “concrete material benefits” for people. My wife works for one. They save lives. 2) I think he sees himself as the insider part of the inside/outside strategy. I think he’s hedging his bets, politically. If he can only get a public option through congress, he’ll take it, and when it falls short, as we know it will, he’ll push for more. If he can get Medicare for all, he’ll take it. 3) He sees my item 2) as his secondary job. He sees his primary job is to keep getting people fired up and keep getting them to harass their reps. He’s doing this very well and he’s building political capital in doing so. Look at his favorability ratings! Reply ↓ Elizabeth Burton March 28, 2017 at 7:47 pm Bernie clearly outlined his goals for Anderson Cooper. The ultimate goal is Medicare for All. However, there’s no chance in Hades of getting that in the current culture. Therefore, he will, while gathering support for same, also pursue some form of public option and lowering the Medicare age to 55 because people need help now. They shouldn’t have to wait another two or four or six years while the politicians get straightened out. Reply ↓ Vatch March 29, 2017 at 11:07 am Absolutely! I support HR676, I asked my Representative to co-sponsor it, and I have no expectation that it will pass in the 115th Congress. We won’t know until we see the bill that Sanders supports, but he seems to be doing the correct and pragmatic thing. HR676 has been introduced repeatedly over the years, and it has never passed the House. As far as I can tell, it has never even emerged from committee to be voted on by the full House of Representatives. Go here: https://www.congress.gov/advanced-search/legislation and select all Congresses from 2003 to the present. Enter hr676 in the “Legislation and Law Numbers” text entry field, and click Search. You’ll see HR676 has been introduced in each Congress, but it has never passed the House. When a party controls the House, as the Democrats did in 2009, it is a tactical error for members of that party to compromise in advance. When the other party controls the House, such as now, it makes perfect tactical sense for the minority party to do a little compromising, since that might allow the bill to actually come up for a vote. Reply ↓ RUKidding March 28, 2017 at 3:15 pm I’m certainly not going to make – ICK – Darth Cheney into any kind of icon, liberal or otherwise. Still loathe that rat-bastard, evil murdering thug/crook robber. That said, it’s interesting that he’s coming out against Trump. I do wonder what his motivations are. With the Bush clan, it was more evident bc they must loathe Trump for busting up their dynastic hold on the US gubmint, plus making fun of JEB! and telling the truth about W. Who is Cheney rubbing shoulders with? Is he cozy with the Kochs? Just wondering… Reply ↓ flora March 28, 2017 at 3:46 pm Ya can’t be a war profiteer without a war. Trump said something detente with Russia and toned down the war war talk. http://www.counterpunch.org/2007/04/12/bush-family-war-profiteering/ Reply ↓ RUKidding March 28, 2017 at 4:57 pm Ah. Yes, but of course! How else is Cheney gonna get his grubby mitts on pallets and pallets of Yankee Dollar$$?? Reply ↓ grayslady March 28, 2017 at 3:34 pm Regarding the Washington Post article on Dems and health care proposals, Wiegel is not an idiot when it comes to understanding the difference between universal health care and the “public option.” To wit, on July 9, 2016, Weigel wrote an article titled Sanders secures health-care promises from Clinton before expected endorsement. In that article, Weigel stated: “Hillary Clinton, in moves aimed at securing an endorsement from Bernie Sanders, on Saturday highlighted her support for a “public option” in health insurance and proposed additional funding for community-based centers championed by her rival for the Democratic nomination. Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee, said in a statement that she would affirm her support for allowing states to offer government-run health plans as part of the Affordable Care Act. And she said she would support allowing people 55 and older to buy into Medicare, which is available to people 65 and older. Those steps fall well short of the single-payer, “Medicare for all” program at the centerpiece of Sanders’s presidential campaign. But on a call with reporters Saturday, Sanders praised Clinton for “an important step forward” toward universal health care.” Lambert, I know you say you are waiting to see the text of any bill that Sanders puts forth on health care, but Russell Mokhiber, who began a modest website, Single Payer Action, a few years ago, and has been doggedly pursuing the cause of universal health care, reported back in December, 2016, that Bernie decided to abandon his campaign health care promises. In a December 2, 2016 Counterpunch article, titled Sanders Single Payer and Death by Democrat, Mokhiber reported on a conversation he had with Sanders’s health policy advisor, Laurie Kearns, who stated that Bernie believes party unity “is more important than single payer. Sanders apparently believes that single payer will get in the way of electing a Democratic Senate in 2018.” In his latest Single Payer Action website article, Single Payer Bernie Sanders Morphs Into Public Option Howard Dean, Mokhiber quotes several known single payer advocates, including David Himmelstein and Dr. Margaret Flowers, who agree with your take that the public option doesn’t come close to providing the economic and social benefits of an Improved Medicare for All, and could actually derail progress toward universal health care. As The Polemicist said, in a January, 2016 article: “Bernie Sanders is the dog who’s about to catch the car. We all thought it would pull away too quickly, but that doesn’t seem to be happening. If he catches it, he’s going to have to turn into a helluva ferocious beast, or let it go….You can say that’s just cynical old me, and I may be and hope I am wrong, but I contend that it’s reasonable to infer from Bernie Sanders’s political history, and from the position he has put himself in (an integral part of Democratic Party politics!), and from what he has said during this election, that his main goal is to prevent a Republican victory, and that if he thinks his presence in the race will risk that, he will find a way to get back to being America’s favorite “socialist” senator.” I, too, am taking a “wait and see” attitude, at this point, but my gut is telling me that Bernie is pursuing the approach Weigel described in his 2016 article, because the Clintons still control the Democrats, and Bernie would rather be an insider than an outsider. Reply ↓ sleepy March 28, 2017 at 4:31 pm Well, that’s a disconcerting pertubation. Reply ↓ Eureka Springs March 28, 2017 at 4:35 pm Wait and see hasn’t worked well. Sanders, bless his heart, has failed us before. H.R. 676 is already written, with sponsors, expands medicare in a manner which those who have it now should have, and it’s what we all want/need. No excuses, no repetition of past mistakes, and no muddying the waters for the sake of uber dimensional fake out option chess. Reply ↓ bob k March 28, 2017 at 5:34 pm ^ Agree. Let’s get behind H.R. 676 and give it the legs it needs to get to committees and the floor. Quit talking about Medicare for All. Strike now. Put your effort where your mouth is. Reply ↓ bob k March 28, 2017 at 6:14 pm for the list of co-sponsers in the House, civic, medical and faith based sponsors, state government and city government sponsors, plus how to get involved, and details on how it will be financed go here http://www.pnhp.org/publications/united-states-national-health-care-act-hr-676 Reply ↓ JerseyJeffersonian March 28, 2017 at 7:34 pm Thanks for the link, Bob. Lots of information beyond merely the text of H.R. 676 itself. Reply ↓ HopeLB March 28, 2017 at 7:58 pm On c-span today, two Congressman, Jones(R) and Garamendi (D) were promoting their bill, HR 1666, which would stop the wars until there is a debate about whether or not to go to war. They both urged viewers to call their Congresspeople about supporting HR1666 and reclaiming Congress’ constitutional war power. They said enough of AUMF and endless war waged by the Executive branch alone. https://www.c-span.org/video/?426056-4/washington-journal-representatives-walter-jones-john-garamendi Reply ↓ John k March 28, 2017 at 9:07 pm Thanks. 73 dems in the house co sponsors, no reps. Supporting this is simply supporting what he previously called for, so why not, bernie? And 73 others provides good cover… and everybody knows there’s no chance right now with reps in control… so a wonderful and harmless club to bash them with… Seems as if lots of companies would love to have gov take this over… Reply ↓ Jeff W March 28, 2017 at 10:20 pm Mokhiber quotes several known single payer advocates, including David Himmelstein and Dr. Margaret Flowers, who agree with your take that the public option doesn’t come close to providing the economic and social benefits of an Improved Medicare for All, and could actually derail progress toward universal health care. In addition, a properly constituted public option would (eventually) drive private insurers out of business as surely as would single payer—and the health insurance companies and Pharma would fight that kind of public option tooth-and-nail, if it were not assumed out if existence at the outset. So whatever public option might be “allowed” to occur would necessarily be constrained. (Recall President Obama using as a selling point that “less than 5% of Americans would sign up” for the public option on offer in 2009—he had, of course, secretly bargained it away months earlier—or Senator Claire McCaskill’s statements that it was important that the public option be “handcuffed.”) If the choices are a constrained, “handcuffed” public option, whatever that is, or a properly constituted public option that health insurance companies oppose in much the same way as they would single payer, there’s no reason to consider either—we might as well be spending our time and energy fighting for single payer. Reply ↓ dk March 28, 2017 at 3:41 pm Trump+Russia story: Good start from David Warsh, hope further digging does not neglect the matter of Trumps attitude towards China. Chinese government entities began purchasing U.S. government agency-backed RMBS in the early 2000s to diversify beyond U.S. Treasuries. And the NYC real estate investment magnates of the time, Trump prominent but not alone among them, were not pleased when the dismissive Chinese government investors (private investment followed some years later) initially bypassed them almost completely and made offers directly to property owners. This had changed by the late 2000’s and beyond, and Trump’s attitude softened, but the macho never-forget-a-grudge stance remains. And speaking of election meddling, and not to pointlessly beat a hopefully mostly dead zombie horse, here’s a little item some may recall: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1996_United_States_campaign_finance_controversy The 1996 United States campaign finance controversy was an alleged effort by the People’s Republic of China to influence domestic American politics prior to and during the Clinton administration and also involved the fund-raising practices of the administration itself. I think it should be understood that the Chinese effort/need to have influence over US policy would have existed regardless of the particular president/candidate at the time. The Clintons did not solicit Chinese interests specifically, they were generously open to anyone with a checkbook, having already demonstrated as much during the 1992 campaign. Reply ↓ JTMcPhee March 28, 2017 at 10:48 pm And the Israelites? Speaking of what cannot be mentioned? Reply ↓ Dead Dog March 28, 2017 at 3:49 pm Yes, my bananas, Lambert. Your kindness will be rewarded with more plant pictures, and more comments. We are just waking up here, and many towns south of me are waking up to clear away the mess from Cyclone Debbie. It’s part of life here in the tropics and, in my time in Cairns, we’ve faced off three. There’s always a lot of property damage, but I think, loss of life and injuries are on the low side. Just to brighten your days, I’ll relate one of my chicken stories. Shirley came to us to replenish our small flock of 4 and fitted in well, often coming into the house to see what was going on. A real social bird, who would squat next to you and invite you to pat her sleek, red back, and fluffy back end. If you were gardening or fixing your car, Shirley would often be around keeping you company. My partner was throwing scraps to the chooks one day when one of our mini fox terriers, Jimmy, went for some of what Shirley was trying. Shirley didn’t back off until the dog had ripped into her shoulder. (It has been Jim’s only black mark.) When I saw the deep gashes in her back and thigh, I thought that Shirley was mortally wounded, and we put her in a travel crate to wait things out. A few days later and she was still going, even though she had developed a limp and could no longer fly. Months passed and she came back to her old self, even laying those big, big eggs of hers. And she was still capable of scratching one footed and feeding, although she probably lost a third of her body weight. I bought a troublesome utility (pick up) a year or so ago and it developed an electrical short and host of other problems, which saw it confined to the yard, with the battery disconnected, while I procrastinated about selling it on. As it was damaging the grass, I moved it every few days or so. One day, Shirley went missing, but we’ve got a biggish yard and there are plenty of hiding spots, so we didn’t panic. After three days, there was no smell, so we assumed that a python had taken her and went on with our lives. Five days in and I could smell death. I’d picked up several of our hens over the years and buried them in the corner, so I set about looking, under house, everywhere. The smell was faint, yet I kept going back to same part of yard. Then it hit me. My ute! I tentatively opened the drivers door and it hit me, the rank smell of decomposition. I held my breath, stuck my head in and saw what looked like a river of maggots flowing all over the interior of the vehicle. I shut the door and recalled when I had parked it last. I’d disconnected the battery and the door had been open for perhaps half hour. She’d hopped in to lay an egg, and I’d killed her. And my ute, I thought! I retold this story recently and my friend said: “If that had been me, I would have just locked it up and arranged for a tow. Wouldn’t even have stopped to gather the change.” But not me. First, I needed to respect my former friend, so I dug a small trench in the nearest garden bed and went back to the ute, big set of BBQ tongs in hand. Poor Shirley, was almost unrecognisable. A combination of 50c heat, 5 days and several hundred flies had done their job and, as I held her tightly and her body emerged from the vehicle, she slipped from the tongs and went splat at my feet. I looked inside and among all the goo and maggots was her last egg. No thanks, I thought and threw it into the garden. I quickly finished off Shirley’s burial, rammed home some big rocks to keep the dogs and chickens off her and then thought about the ute. Perhaps I could clean the mess and save something, I thought. So, I left the doors open, ruining our garden experience, and the neighbors’, for a couple of weeks until all the maggots had grown up and flown away. So I persisted, even driving it to one of those self serve car washes, with the carpet shampoo and so on. But when I saw the state of the floor mats, I knew I was defeated. I tried to sell the car, as a project you know, for parts, but it sat there. I rang the wreckers, but no-one was interested and I faced the prospect of having to pay to have it crushed. On a whim, I advertised the tow bar for $100 and, hidden in fine print was that the ute attached to the tow bar was free. And, I could deliver. Well, it sold that day. The buyer actually was looking for a tow bar and asked what was wrong with the ute. Not wanting to put him off, I was non specific, just saying that there were too many problems with it to fix. It was still registered and drivable, so he asked me to drive out to his son’s work and drop it off, which I did, removing the plates, and he handed over $100. I never did wait around to see what happened. In death, as in life, Shirley had made her mark. Reply ↓ Harold March 28, 2017 at 4:01 pm I once heard a policeman’s tip that smell of death, on shoes, for example is removed by burying something in dirt (garden soil). Microbes remove smell. Reply ↓ Dead Dog March 28, 2017 at 4:56 pm It may have worked for Shirley, but that Ute needed a big hole Reply ↓ TK421 March 28, 2017 at 3:51 pm I don’t get this at all. What am I missing here? Because hijab. There, that explains everything. Reply ↓ Tvc15 March 28, 2017 at 3:52 pm The 420. Funny how that works, sort of like Cheney’s stance on same-sex marriage because of his daughter. If we can just figure out how to personalize some issues maybe we’d see more reasonable legislation. Whom am I kidding, that will never happen until we bring out the guillotines. Reply ↓ HopeLB March 28, 2017 at 6:07 pm Or we get the army corp of enginneers to secretly build a huge underwater wedge wall that would allow Trump to experience, firsthand, sea water rise at Mar-a-Lago. The Pentagon believes in climate change and will certainly aid and abet the engineers (unless, of course, if there is more money and need for the military in the other scenario). Reply ↓ heresy101 March 28, 2017 at 3:56 pm File under Class Warfare: https://www.rt.com/op-edge/382599-tax-havens-banks-eu/ The OxFam report: https://www.oxfam.org/en/research/opening-vaults https://www.oxfam.org/sites/www.oxfam.org/files/bp-opening-vaults-banks-tax-havens-270317-en.pdf Always thought Gerald Celente was right wing but maybe not: “They are doing terrible harm. It is not a victimless crime. The people are the victims. Let’s get this straight: it is a neo-feudal society. You have different rules for the economic elite and the political nobility. So when they don’t pay taxes, or they cheat the people out of money, like too big to fail – no one goes to jail for their crimes,” he told RT. By not paying taxes, companies “are robbing the population,” Celente says. “They are hurting the school systems. They are hurting the healthcare systems. They are hurting the transportation systems,” he said. Reply ↓ PH March 28, 2017 at 4:22 pm Whitehouse is a putz. Arrogant, obnoxious and not too smart. God, I would love to send money to a primary challenger against him. Messina is a reptilian version of Baucus, his old boss, vote 51 for the Bush tax cut of 2001 (supported by Greenspan on the grounds that budget surpluses were erasing the Treasury bonds needed to maintain liquid markets — how soon we forget the quackery) and bag man for industry and Pharma that drafted Obamacare. The horror, the horror. Anyway, we need spokesmen for Medicare for All other than Bernie or anyone else in Congress. They are compromised by the need to make deals. Please, please, please can we find a strong spokesman or two willing to run for office. Let the papers (or blogs) quote them. Reply ↓ UserFriendly March 28, 2017 at 5:34 pm vote 51 for the Bush tax cut of 2001 (supported by Greenspan on the grounds that budget surpluses were erasing the Treasury bonds needed to maintain liquid markets — how soon we forget the quackery Not totally wrong. http://www.businessinsider.com/how-bill-clintons-balanced-budget-destroyed-the-economy-2012-9 Reply ↓ PH March 28, 2017 at 9:27 pm Interesting. And surely I am out of my depth on finance on this blog. Do you buy the arguments in the article? In my uneducated view, patterns of economic activity matter more than isolated statistics. A budget surplus might be good or bad, depending on the circumstances, and what generates it. My view of Clinton years is too much surplus was generated, in part, by high social security payroll deductions. And with regard to mortgage back paper, it was bad because of the underwriting. I could be way off. But as far as Greenspan excuse in 2001 goes, I think it was hack politics that motivated him at the time. That I feel pretty sure about. Reply ↓ Jessica March 28, 2017 at 4:23 pm “Talking to a friend at lunch not long ago, he expressed his amazement that the House and Senate leadership didn’t have bills “lined up like airplanes on a runway” ready to take off in the new year. I was surprised, too” [Glenn Reynolds, USA Today]. Perhaps the Republicans in Congress actually don’t even have that much interest in servicing their masters. Perhaps their primary interest is the crumbs of wealth and power that fall to Congress critters themselves. Making a lot of noise about servicing their masters is necessary to generate the flow of wealth and money in their direction, but actually doing something does not matter to most of the Republicans in and of itself. This is the difference between a true ideologue and those who play ideologues on TV (and on the Internet). If this seems hard to believe, look at the Democrats, who obviously only pretend to stand for their values. Reply ↓ RUKidding March 28, 2017 at 5:02 pm It does seem as if all the parasites in Wash DC are there only to collect their paychecks, their platinum-plated health insurance benies, and any other grift and payola that they can suck off the system. Work? What’s that? Especially when so many “consumers” are so easily satisfied basically with Team sports of attacking the “other side” and getting their jollies from that. Nice not-werk if you can get it. Reply ↓ PH March 28, 2017 at 5:45 pm I disdain Congressmen and their staff, but not for those reasons. Few make much money at it, and they are not there for the money. Many work long hours. The problem is that most are not serious people; they are there for the ego-boost. After a few years, most staff drift away, and a new crop just as insipid as the last crop arrives. When staff drift away, they look desperately for a place to land, and maybe a few have passed out favors with future employment in mind, but that is not what drives the institution. They want to be big shots. If not famous, at least somewhat influential, or if they do not get that far, at least part of the show. Part of something exciting and important. Their focus is not on policy. Most Congressmen and staff are pretty flexible about most policy. A few pet peeves aside, they do not care that much. What they care VERY much about is staying part of the show. Winning elections. Corporate money buys them cheap by giving them an edge against anyone that might run against them. Fundraising and toeing the line is a chore. Not to get rich; just to hang onto the seat. For many, the seat (or staff position) is central to the sense of self-worth and place in the world. That emotional tie explains the violent hatred of Bernie by nearly every Dem senator and Dem staffer in wake of his challenge to Hillary. Bernie embodies the worst kind of threat to them. Reply ↓ John k March 28, 2017 at 9:14 pm And he continues trying to reform them rather than going rogue with third party. Reply ↓ PH March 28, 2017 at 9:31 pm I do not think so. I think he wants them replaced by a new generation of populist Dems. And I think he wants the holdovers to be intimidated by grass roots to move Left. I doubt Bernie is against Third Party in principal — just on pragmatic grounds. Anyway, that is how I feel about the third party route. Reply ↓ Darius March 28, 2017 at 10:12 pm If you’re really into signature gathering and think it’s a valuable form of organizing, not the energy and motivation sucking time waster it is, then good luck with your third party. The Greens have accomplished it in about two thirds of the states. They could in theory be a viable vehicle for your ambitions. Bernie is too old for the long game and we need action now. Reply ↓ Marina Bart March 28, 2017 at 10:24 pm I don’t know why people keep forgetting the lesson we JUST learned about how easy it is to suppress and flip votes. Where are these third party votes going to be reliably and honorably counted? Because right now, the Ds and Rs are free to block and pilfer those votes at will. Again, please enjoy starting a third party. But in the meantime, always vote against EVERY establishment Democrat, at every level of government, at every stage of the process. Force the grifters to abandon the edifice of the Democratic Party. You think rats would suck on a metal tube if there was no sugar water flowing out of it? Pick whatever easy, study metric you want: Did they endorse Hillary before the convention? Vote against them. Do they refuse to endorse Improved, Expanded Medicare For All? Vote against them. Did they vote for Tom Perez for DNC Chair? Vote against them. They’re only in it for the money and status. Take that away from them and they will find another patronage scheme to milk. Vote against them. Reply ↓ djrichard March 28, 2017 at 10:34 pm Not to get rich; just to hang onto the seat. For many, the seat (or staff position) is central to the sense of self-worth and place in the world. This is what college is for. So you can strive for such positions. In the gov sector, or the private sector. Reply ↓ optimader March 28, 2017 at 4:37 pm http://bringatrailer.com/2017/03/28/ex-kgb-in-nj-25k-kilometer-1989-tatra-t613-3/ this will be my new commuter.. Reply ↓ craazyboy March 28, 2017 at 5:13 pm Will you have custom made spark plugs? Reply ↓ Optimader March 28, 2017 at 8:40 pm A Standard Bosch plug. These are actually cool and well engineered. Ferdinand Porsche ended up paying patent infringment fines post WWII to Tatras chief designer for lifting the VW bug (peopleswagon) design Reply ↓ RMO March 28, 2017 at 5:51 pm Get Putin to autograph the glovebox door and you’re all set! (he might be a bit more expensive than Carrol Shelby though:-) Reply ↓ jo6pac March 28, 2017 at 5:59 pm I don’t know comrade, I think one these would look sharp in the driveway;) https://www.rt.com/sport/373689-dakar-kamaz-russia-truck/ Reply ↓ craazyboy March 28, 2017 at 8:17 pm I’m kinda partial to these. Perfect for the wild and crazy American motoring about town. Artistically innovative – melding the back end of a half track with the front end of a motorcycle! Cannon for personal security and good old fashioned German engineering. WW2 Nazi Germany heritage, leaving no doubt the rider is a true American patriot. I only wish they had a Steampunk version with coal fired steam engine and a Trebuchet instead of the cannon. You can always get ammo for a trebuchet. Just drain the oil into a white wine bottle if you’re in a pinch. I’d suggest a Goth leather outfit for the rider. Hajab gear is too conservative and people always assume you’re trying to conceal a pair of hand grenades. It’s not fair, but that’s the way it is, unfortunately. https://www.bing.com/images/search?q=German+Kettenkrad&FORM=IRIBEP Reply ↓ HopeLB March 29, 2017 at 12:07 am Very nice ride! But some might doubt your American patriotism, not Mercedes/BMW drivers who will agree that superior engineering trumps idealology, and not those who conclude your grandfather took out a German and kept a souvenir, but others, who will assume you are the progeny of some great ex-Nazi German rocket scientist who was brought here to work for our space program and who never actually gave up his Nazism. (You could decorate the surfaces with geometric patterns (stars and stripes to prove you’ve moved on?) made of glued on paper clips (Weld Bond works great) to further this hereditary allusion and your generation’s US patriotism. (The coal fired steam engine would be cool because of the street level contrails but you might pass out at red lights from carbon monoxide poisoning.) Maybe have the trebuchet send up small wine bottle-rockets that ignite when they reach maximum height. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Paperclip Reply ↓ Optimader March 29, 2017 at 9:30 pm Actually it is lifted czech technology … :0( http://www.tatradakar.com/en/ The Czechs were raped by the Germans in WWII, then the Russians went in for slippy seconds metaphorically speaking. Actually no, literally speaking. That goes for Hungary as well which was in a horse race w/ the Czechs as the leading technology innovator in Europe prewar. Much of the heavy and precision of both countries industry was Borged off by the Nazis to the Swiss so they could be a “neutral” weapons mfgr for Germany over the course of the war. A very ugly history Reply ↓ craazyboy March 28, 2017 at 4:59 pm Glad the Dems are taking the first small baby steps for mankind in the quest to come up with 2 or 3 words to describe a brand new healthcare system. This must come first, before we can derive the acronym. I recently read O Care eventually generated 60,000 pages of regs, instructions, definitions and whatever. Then the half billion dollar software platform. But the first 2 words is a start…. Reply ↓ Jess March 28, 2017 at 5:09 pm Theresa May signs Article 50 Brexit letter: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4358056/Theresa-signs-Brexit-letter-trigger-Article-50.html?ito=social-facebook Reply ↓ oho March 28, 2017 at 5:28 pm DNC cleans house. maybe too many closet Bernie fans at the rank-file level? http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/elections/embattled-dnc-asks-all-staffers-resignation-letters-n739676 Reply ↓ jo6pac March 28, 2017 at 5:54 pm This will be fun to watch. It will be real telling in the end. Reply ↓ Marina Bart March 28, 2017 at 8:30 pm While it probably is something icky like that, I’m starting to wonder if some of this is non-optional belt tightening. There have been several hints that the money is just not there. Sirota backing away from his already announced employment with Brock, all the donor quotes that they’re closing their wallets, etc. I was dreaming (actually daydreaming, in those waking moments before you fully discipline the direction of your thinking) of getting a consultant job that would allow me to talk to donors — not about the policy stuff I want, but the reality of what they are actually buying now by donating to Democrats. Because I think there’s no value for money there for anyone not in on the consultant revenue stream. Yes, there are those for whom blocking the left from power is a urgent necessity. But I don’t think there are that many Dem donors who are really incentivized consciously to do that. If you’re a 5-10%er, neoliberalism is coming for you, too, and soon. Most of the upper middle class is next down the chute. I believe the Dems rely on that money. It’s not all coming from billionaires. And maybe, just maybe, those donors are acting rationally. It does happen occasionally. Reply ↓ Big River Bandido March 29, 2017 at 7:23 am From that link: It’s a whirlwind job that took Perez from being feted at a donor conference at the Mandarin Oriental in Washington Thursday night to playing Solitaire on his iPhone in row 31 on a Delta flight to Detroit shortly after dawn the next morning. I immediately thought of Raymond Shaw, the brainwashed assassin in The Manchurian Candidate, and his trigger line, “Raymond, why don’t you pass the time by playing a little Solitaire?” It’s the perfect game for the chairman of a brainwashed political organization. One could take the metaphor further and say that the Democrats have no more political relevance than a ladies’ garden club. Reply ↓ Ranger Rick March 28, 2017 at 5:35 pm That “no lined-up bills” quote really strikes to the heart of the AHCA debacle. They had years to come up with a better (read: more effective at delivering health care into the hands of citizens at affordable prices) plan. And Ryan had nothing. Ryan has nothing. Is the ALEC-led outsourcing of legislation so far gone that lawmakers have simply completely forgotten how to write their own bills? Do they not each have a bucket list of legislation they’d love to see passed or repealed in an ideal world? I think the party leadership on both sides of the aisle are still in full panic mode, trying to calibrate their behavior for maximum effect in what is going to be the most riotous midterm election in US history. Reply ↓ flora March 28, 2017 at 7:58 pm Good point about ALEC-led outsourcing. Reply ↓ Marina Bart March 28, 2017 at 8:31 pm Is the ALEC-led outsourcing of legislation so far gone that lawmakers have simply completely forgotten how to write their own bills? Yes. Reply ↓ wilroncanada March 29, 2017 at 10:40 pm Marina See above re ALEC. They have the bills; that’s what they do, in addition to buying politicians and their staffs. For some reason the bills are lying dormant. What could it be? Surely not just republican and democratic party amnesia. Reply ↓ allan March 28, 2017 at 5:54 pm U.S. House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes said on Tuesday he will not divulge – even to other members of his panel – who gave him intelligence reports that indicated President Donald Trump and his associates may have been ensnared in incidental intelligence collection. Asked by a Fox News reporter whether he would inform the other committee members about who gave him the reports he viewed on the White House grounds last week, Nunes said: “We will never reveal those sources and methods.” Onion or Reuters? Nunes is turning out to be the love child of Maxwell Smart and Inspector Clouseau. Reply ↓ ewmayer March 28, 2017 at 6:38 pm Re. India water usage: Doing the math, that translates to an average usage of ~200 Gal (~700 L) per person per day, and this of course lumps personal, industrial and Ag usage into the per-person average. BY way of comparison, California’s 2016 daily water usage averaged out to roughly the same amount [https://ca.water.usgs.gov/water_use/], though it’s not clear to me from that page whether that includes industrial and Ag usage. Reply ↓ freedeomny March 28, 2017 at 6:39 pm WOWSER – Tom Perez just asked for the resignation of the entire DNC Staff: http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/elections/embattled-dnc-asks-all-staffers-resignation-letters-n739676 Reply ↓ Darius March 28, 2017 at 6:49 pm The usual excellent work by Matt Stoller on Hamilton. The Democrats’ extollation (sp?) of Hamilton is high-profile evidence of their becoming the party of the rich. When I was a kid being dragged around to Jeff-Jack dinners, the name Hamilton was a dirty word. My grandpa would be spitting out his cigarettes. Stoller mentions a milestone in the current Hamilton hagiography: when Robert Rubin kicked off the Hamilton Society in the dark days of the Bush administration. The headline speaker was the new Senator Barack Obama, performing his trained seal act. I’m sure Rubin patted him on the head and told him what an impressive young man he was, which is Obama’s catnip. Reply ↓ David Carl Grimes March 28, 2017 at 7:51 pm Silicon Valley’s quest to live forever: http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2017/04/03/silicon-valleys-quest-to-live-forever Reply ↓ Flyover March 28, 2017 at 9:23 pm re — Hijab In my corner of flyover US, I see a number of women wearing the veil, or head covering. My flyover village is accepting of all kinds of faiths and nationalities, including Moslems, and I don’t have the impression that force or oppression are involved. Rather, at least in my village, those women wearing headcovering do so to display their faith. They appear to be doing so freely. By the way, some of these women speak perfect English. So maybe these women are simply displaying their allegiance to their faith. Reply ↓ cm March 29, 2017 at 1:43 am Is that why women can’t drive cars in Saudi Arabia? Reply ↓ Quentin March 29, 2017 at 3:19 am In western countries we see Moslem women making a point of their religious belief in public by their clothing while Moslem men remain for the most part indistinguishable from non-Moslem men. Are women more religious than men? Isn’t that odd? That may be the reason they’re not allowed to drive in Saudi. Reply ↓ nowhere March 28, 2017 at 11:02 pm Any word on when NC will be moving to https? Reply ↓ Dandelion March 29, 2017 at 5:04 am What you’re missing, Lambert, is the degree to which postmodernism has re-shaped (completely inverted?) feminism, with its primacy of the subjective over the material; its absolute refusal to deal in ethical absolutes which therefore tends towards a vacant relativism that purports to support materially oppressed people but instead merely re-defines oppression as cultural expression; its dislocation of power due to lack of any class analysis; its obscuring of exploitation within an ever-expanding matrix of advantage; its emptying of meaning from language or even inversion of language such that, for example, discourse is action — all combined with the neoliberal belief that individual market choice and consumerist expression (such as clothing) maximizes power and freedom, no matter what the choice or the expression actually is and no matter the impact of that choice or expression on the population of women as a whole. Reply ↓ Big River Bandido March 29, 2017 at 7:25 am This is brilliant. Thank you! I wish I could bookmark this comment. Reply ↓ Left in Wisconsin March 29, 2017 at 10:36 am Yes, well said. What is truly problematic is the degree to which vast numbers of people have “become” postmodern and neoliberal entirely thoughtlessly. Very very very large educational task ahead. Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments Yves Smith on The American Opioid EpidemicUnless the doctor made a total hash of... Lambert Strether on Links 3/29/17I'm working through the The economic logic behind... Lambert Strether on The American Opioid EpidemicExcellent points. Entitlement. n. Something you aren't entitled... Lambert Strether on Links 3/29/17The link works for me now. McGovern and... UserFriendly on Trump Can’t Save CoalWell, if this paper is to be believed... Topics Africa (17) Australia (126) Auto industry (94) Banana republic (3,004) Banking industry (4,641) Brexit (46) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (248) China (564) Commodities (455) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,623) Curiousities (273) Currencies (903) Derivatives (687) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,456) Dubious statistics (575) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,755) Energy markets (504) Environment (452) Europe (618) Federal Reserve (1,266) Free markets and their discontents (1,404) Garrulous insolence (66) Global warming (321) Globalization (1,095) Guest Post (6,451) Health care (389) Hedge funds (416) Income disparity (949) India (15) Infrastructure (78) Investment banks (744) Investment management (496) Investment outlook (850) Japan (204) Legal (1,880) Links (3,037) Macroeconomic policy (971) Market inefficiencies (229) Media appearances (74) Media watch (864) Middle East (141) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (288) OCC (12) Payment system (47) Permaculture (31) Politics (5,008) Private equity (510) Privatization (66) Real estate (1,521) Regulations and regulators (3,576) Ridiculously obvious scams (437) Risk and risk management (717) Russia (236) Science and the scientific method (195) Social policy (1,014) Social values (1,788) Species loss (52) Student loans (51) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (119) Taxes (383) Technology and innovation (449) The destruction of the middle class (1,335) The dismal science (1,456) TPP (83) UK (113) Water Cooler (642) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items Why Is Consultant FTI Making It Look Like Apollo Overpaid Its Real Estate Execs $50 Million? - 03/30/2017 - Yves Smith Trump Can’t Save Coal - 03/30/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/29/2017 - 03/29/2017 - Lambert Strether The American Opioid Epidemic - 03/29/2017 - Yves Smith Links 3/29/17 - 03/29/2017 - Yves Smith Wells Fargo Gets An Additional $110 Million Wrist Slap Over Fake Accounts Scandal - 03/29/2017 - Yves Smith CalPERS, CalSTRS, Other Investors Have Indemnified Private Equity Criminal Conduct Even Though Fiduciary Counsels Say No - 03/29/2017 - Yves Smith Bill Black: Kansas Legislature Slips Koch Noose, Authorizes Medicaid Expansion - 03/29/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/28/2017 - 03/28/2017 - Lambert Strether How Monopolies Stymie Political Activism: The Case of Black-Owned Businesses Posted on March 28, 2017 by Yves Smith I’m giving a brief overview of an important, well written article at Washington Monthly, The Decline of Black Business. It traces the precipitous decline in the number of black-owned businesses, and links it to a diminished ability to engage in political activism. The piece, by Brian Feldman, describes in detail how black-owned enterprises played a key role in the civil rights struggle, both by virtue of allowing owners and employees to participate visibly in the struggle (blacks working for whites risked being fired) and via black businessmen contributing important resources, such as office space, to organizers. The data and anecdotes on both of his major threads, the collapse in black entrepreneurship, and the role they played in the Civil Rights movement, are striking. For instance: The last thirty years also have brought the wholesale collapse of black-owned independent businesses and financial institutions that once anchored black communities across the country. In 1985, sixty black-owned banks were providing financial services to their communities; today, just twenty-three remain. In eleven states that headquartered black-owned banks in 1994, not a single one is still in business. Of the fifty black-owned insurance companies that operated during the 1980s, today just two remain. Over the same period, tens of thousands of black-owned retail establishments and local service companies also have disappeared, having gone out of business or been acquired by larger companies. Reflecting these developments, working-age black Americans have become far less likely to be their own boss than in the 1990s. The per capita number of black employers, for example, declined by some 12 percent just between 1997 and 2014. We’ve discussed some of the drivers of the fall in startups, which has become an economy-wide phenomenon: banks withdrawing almost entirely from character-based small business lending; weak demand in the economy post-crisis making it unattractively risky in many sectors of the economy; shortened job tenures making it harder for employees to identify the sort of unfilled niche opportunities which have proven to be the most successful startup formula; and as Feldstein stresses, the rise of monopolies making it much harder for small business to survive and thrive. As he writes: The decline of black-owned independent businesses traces to many causes, but a major one that has been little noted was the decline in the enforcement of anti-monopoly and fair trade laws beginning in the late 1970s. Under both Democratic and Republican administrations, a few firms that in previous decades would never have been allowed to merge or grow so large came to dominate almost every sector of the economy. This change has hurt all independent businesses, but the effects have disproportionately hit black business owners. Marcellus Andrews, Bucknell University professor of economics, says that pulling back on anti-monopoly enforcement was a “catastrophic intellectual and political policy mistake,” and that for the black community, the “presumed price advantages of concentration often do not translate into better economic opportunities.”… In 1969, J. Bruce Llewellyn grew ten Bronx supermarkets into the nation’s largest minority-owned retail business. By the 1990s, however, a retreat from antitrust enforcement and other fair trade laws permitted a few giant corporations like Walmart to engage in anticompetitive behaviors that in previous decades would have resulted in civil and criminal prosecution. These included undermining the pricing power of suppliers and loss leading, or the practice of selling below cost in order to drive competitors out of business. In 1999, Llewellyn sold his last remaining stores to the Dayton-Hudson Corporation, now known as the Target Corporation. In 1986, a top executive at Revlon made a prediction about the future of the beauty and hair care industry. “In the next couple of years,” he told Newsweek, “the black-owned businesses will disappear. They’ll all be sold to white companies.” The prediction proved accurate. In 1993, IVAX Corp. purchased Johnson Products Co., the thirty-nine-year-old maker of Ultra Sheen, beginning a decade-long series of acquisitions that wiped out remaining black ownership in the hair care industry. One consequence was fewer new hair care products for black customers. Funds once channeled into research and development, University at Buffalo professor Robert Mark Silverman explains, now were accrued as profits by the larger firms. And lack of economic independence constrains political expression: The role of market concentration in depressing black-owned businesses is also troubling because of the critical role that such enterprises have played in organizing and financing the struggle for civil rights in America. In the 1950s and ’60s, black Americans employed by whites, including professionals like teachers, often faced dismissal if they joined the civil rights movement, whereas those who owned their own independent business had much greater freedom to resist…. In 1928, W. E. B. Du Bois validated the black community’s embrace of anti-monopolism when he wrote, “To ask the individual colored man . . . to sell meat, shoes, candy, books, cigars, clothes or fruit in competition with the chain store, is to ask him to commit slow but almost inevitable economic suicide.” In 1932, the Associated Negro Press and the National Negro Business League, with the cooperation of the U.S. Department of Commerce, printed a newspaper column called “Business and Industry.” One article in the series noted that “an embarrassing problem confronts the 70,000 or more Negro-owned individual enterprises in the U.S. today[:] . . . Big Business, which so perceptibly handicaps the small industrial business units in which category Negro enterprise unquestionably belongs.”… Independent business owners also played a key role in financing civil rights protests, especially during their peak in the 1950s and ’60s. In Tallahassee, black grocery store owner Daniel Speed bankrolled a bus boycott similar to that in Montgomery, and his shop served as a meeting ground for black leaders. In Biloxi, Gilbert R. Mason, owner of Modern Drug Store, led a “wade-in” against the whites-only section of a federally funded Gulf Coast beach. In his autobiography, Mason wrote, “Pharmacists represented an economically independent class of black businessmen who might have been thought difficult for the white establishment to control. In many cases, the black-owned pharmacy was itself a nexus in black communities.” Funeral home owners emerged as another powerful bloc of civil rights activists. In 1956, funeral home owner William Shortridge cofounded the Alabama Christian Movement for Human Rights, a group that sought to end employment discrimination and abolish segregation in public accommodations. A. G. Gaston, who built his business empire as the owner of the Smith and Gaston Funeral Home, threatened to transfer his accounts from a white-owned bank unless it removed a “Whites Only” sign from a water fountain. In 1963, he lent Martin Luther King Jr. a room at his Gaston Motel. Soon known as the “War Room,” it was there that King decided to submit himself to arrest in Birmingham, a galvanizing moment in the civil rights movement. These excerpts only scratch the surface of this meaty, well-reasearched article. Go read it now. 002000 This entry was posted in Free markets and their discontents, Income disparity, Legal, Market inefficiencies, Politics, Regulations and regulators, Social values on March 28, 2017 by Yves Smith. Post navigation ← Gaius Publius: Senate Democrats Will Filibuster Gorsuch…Maybe Links 3/28/17 → Subscribe to Post Comments 28 comments Kalen March 28, 2017 at 6:19 am Great post. Finally somebody speaks of everyday reality we are witnessing, behind the fake front companies with different cute names, pretending to be mom and pap, all belonging to concentrated capital, while true minority businesses are dying. Here is a raw essay that addresses fallacy of suppose policies of promoting small business by forcing it to become big business or die: https://sostratusworks.wordpress.com/2015/01/31/diversity-of-one/ Reply ↓ Moneta March 28, 2017 at 7:08 am So… is identity politics good or bad? It seems to me that the left can’t make up its mind. It can be used to win rights but not when used to take these away. Reply ↓ JCC March 28, 2017 at 8:54 am This change has hurt all independent businesses, but the effects have disproportionately hit black business owners. Is this really “identity politics”? Or is it a short piece about monopolies destroying local Main Streets, disproportionately affecting black-owned businesses? I vote for the latter. Reply ↓ Arizona Slim March 28, 2017 at 9:02 am So do I. Reply ↓ bob k March 28, 2017 at 10:02 am ^that. I think you’re confusing the terms “left” with “liberal.” A genuine left puts class – I know we’re not used to that term – interests above the silos cut out by gender and age and culture, etc. The vast majority of blacks have always benefitted when their struggle for equality was part of a larger struggle against monopoly and the predations of capital. You can look at the historical struggle of the Free Soil Party – free soil, free labor, free men – and the Populists to see the power that comes from a true united front that takes up many struggles. You can also see that the powers that be wasted no small effort to disrupt and destroy there struggles. When was the last time you saw a concerted effort to disrupt “identity politics?” Reply ↓ bob k March 28, 2017 at 3:26 pm I should add that since the Great Migration the majority of black people in the northern cities were working class, having entered the factories in great numbers. The struggle against discrimination would seem to be part of the trade union movement. That it wasn’t by and large can probably be attributed to the fact that as blacks moved into the cities, the whites moved out to the suburbs (aided by the Interstate highway system that also physicallydivided the black communities off), and, as the WA Monthly article notes, their neighborhoods were redlined, they couldn’t get FHA loans and couldn’t move to the suburbs. Divide and conquer is a tried and true tactic used by capitalists to keep workers fighting each other. And of course it was aided by the fact the white workers had material benefits that they sought to keep, rather than expand to POC. Again, the lack of a real left wing party to some degree led to this.T Reply ↓ divadab March 28, 2017 at 10:30 am Me three. Reply ↓ Katharine March 28, 2017 at 10:14 am Yes. It’s important to go beyond isolated words and consider what an article (or book) is actually about. Reply ↓ Moneta March 28, 2017 at 10:41 am When I read a book, I consider what it’s about but I also try to see the link between that book and all the other books I have read so I can better understand the world around me. Here at NC, there is a lot focus on avoiding discrimination (avoid identity politics such as segregating using words such as boomers, millenials, etc.). But over the last 40-50 years a lot of rights have been won using identity politics. So wouldn’t it be logical to see these rights also lost using identity politics? Reading this post, it dawned on me that rights won using identity politics might be more at risk than those won based on plain fairness/justice for everyone. But maybe I’m wrong. I need to ponder this… Reply ↓ PKMKII March 28, 2017 at 10:17 am Put dry and academically, the left has a problem with identity politics sans intersectionality. Put more casually, the left has a problem with identity politics that consists of outrage and bougie minority tokenism (“It’s okay if these black-owned business have gone under due to corporate monopolies, as long as the board of the corporations in question have at least one black person on them”), that treats discrimination as wholly separate from class. Addressing bigotry and its root causes is good, it’s putting on the veneer of social justice without addressing the substance that is a problem. Reply ↓ Arizona Slim March 28, 2017 at 12:26 pm This sentence deserves to go viral: Addressing bigotry and its root causes is good, it’s putting on the veneer of social justice without addressing the substance that is a problem. Thank you, PKMKII! Reply ↓ Musicismath March 28, 2017 at 7:52 am I would share this excellent piece with the usual crowd of liberals who think they’re leftists, but I imagine that the immediate comeback would be: “But why doesn’t he mention #BLM? Surely the existence of this movement undercuts the article!!!” I guess I could then link the Adolph Reed nonsite essay on why #BLM doesn’t constitute a “political movement” on the same order as civil rights, but I’m sure sharing *that* would elicit the internet equivalent of blank stares and suggestions that Reed doesn’t count as a critic because Freddie Deboer and Nathan Robinson like him. Reply ↓ TheCatSaid March 28, 2017 at 9:45 am Great post. I bet the stats for minority-owned/run franchises is poor both for franchise ownership and for individual stores. Does anyone know if there are any chains that are especially welcoming to minority franchisee owners? Reply ↓ PKMKII March 28, 2017 at 1:05 pm I know Golden Krust was founded by a black Caribbean immigrant, and have put an emphasis on giving economic opportunities to said community. So I would think that would extend to franchisees. Reply ↓ flora March 28, 2017 at 10:29 am Thanks for this post. The original Washington Monthly article is a must read. Reply ↓ Tim March 28, 2017 at 11:55 am One cannot have this discussion without addressing the role of COINTELPRO at disrupting person to person trust in the Black community. The FBI systematically targeted all efforts at Black business self-empowerment. When the Black Panthers ran breakfast programs, the FBI would make fake extortion threats (in the style of the Panthers) to business owners who were already donating to the cause. In San Francisco during the early 1980s, the big cooperative food system warehouse suffered massive internal battles (erupting into a gunfight and then a suspicious fire) that many old-timers believe were driven by the FBI. Those cooperative businesses often had programs to bring in Black former prisoners as worker-owners. It’s not just about monopoly (market) power it’s about state violence and the power of the security services. Reply ↓ Sluggeaux March 28, 2017 at 1:05 pm My father was a wholesale grocer supplying black-owned businesses in the Oakland area during the 1960’s-1980’s. Many of those business owners had been educated in the Historically Black Colleges and were an amazing group of civic-minded people. During the 1980’s, most of those black-owned businesses went under due to competition from big-box stores, who had abandoned minority communities during the “Burn baby, burn” 1960’s but came back with a vengeance when the civil rights struggle cooled. The community lost an important source of socially-conscious funding when black-owned businesses went under. It was an inspiration to have known that generation and I’m glad to see them finally as the topic of serious discussion. Reply ↓ blert March 28, 2017 at 1:52 pm Black financing for Dr. King et. al. largely came from Black LANDLORDS… not businesses. By accident of history, I ran into the grandson of one of Dr. King’s biggest chronic supporters. He was not so much “a talented tenth” as a talented .01% of the Black community of Atlanta. He could afford to kick Dr. King $5,000 at a crack, at will, half-a-century ago. The typical Black owned and operated business never had the cash flow to support Dr. King… or anyone else. Politics is largely supported by the rentier class… and always has been. Note how LATE to the political game even Bill Gates was… and his pattern of contributions is typical. The famous robber barrons of the 19th Century didn’t start to buy politicians until after they’d become titans. It was then that they slipped them into their back pockets. ( J.D. Rockefeller famously ‘owned’ Ohio, well, at least its officials.) Reply ↓ c1ue March 28, 2017 at 4:58 pm Sorry, but I don’t agree the article is either well researched or groundbreaking. For one thing, it would be a far stronger argument if the author had taken the time to contrast black owned business data with overall business data. For example: is the reduction in numbers of black-owned businesses really dramatically different than the decline of small business in general? So many of the stories of black owned businesses ending in the article were said businesses getting bought out – hardly an outcome that is guaranteed bad. The decline of black owned bookstores, video rental shops, or other once common small businesses isn’t a racially discriminatory phenomenon, for example, but it is emblematic of economic disruption due to Amazon and Netflix. Reply ↓ HotFlash March 28, 2017 at 8:20 pm Hi c1ue, just wondering here… it would be a far stronger argument if the author had taken the time to contrast black owned business data with overall business data. If the thesis is that reduction in black-owned business reduces black activism by denying it independent funding and other resources (meeting space, time off without repercussion, etc.), which it seems to be, then what does overall biz data have to do with that? If anything, one would like to look more broadly, to see if the similar pattern of small businesses being consumed into the Giant Corporate Amoebae is reducing (or influencing/controlling?) activism in other areas. Reply ↓ lb March 28, 2017 at 8:32 pm Think less of discrimination than outcomes. Consolidation in financial institutions beyond some point affects the populace adversely, sure. If black-owned financial institutions helped the black community in some way, and an effect of overall consolidation is the disappearance of black ownership, the black community is left at a significant loss. Some folks respond to “black lives matter” by trying to reframe and dilute with “all lives matter”. They miss the point, sometimes wantonly. Your argument sounds somewhat parallel. This article is about harm done to the black community, not harm done to the black community in contrast to the overall community. Reply ↓ JCC March 28, 2017 at 9:19 pm My initial reaction was that this was interesting and probably accurate, but I’m not sure if all of it is well researched either… or groundbreaking. But not having a great deal of time to research this sort of thing myself, but enough time to be curious, I plugged a few searches into Google (too easy, I know, and probably not overly accurate results) and finding both detailed and accurate info was not easy. Specifically I searched on things like “percentage of minority owned franchises” (mentioned above) and similar searches. Most of the results were too vague and/or generalized to draw any immediate conclusions, after all, minorities are everyone but whites, about as vague as you can get. But I did stumble across this at wikipedia African American Businesses and the section called 21st century bothered me a little relative to the article. It would appear that the author, Brian Feldman, is talking about a totally different level/class of business in general compared to this wikipedia statement (that was not backed up with an accurate link, by the way): In 2015 The US Census Reported that there were 2.6 million black or African American-owned firms nationally in 2012, up from 1.9 million or 34.5 percent from 2007. After reading the original article, though, I do think it’s a very good piece on the history of small to medium sized businesses owned by blacks during the 20th Century but I would really like to read, all in one place or two, some accurate and detailed research backing up (or not) both Feldman’s and wikipedia’s claims. There are so many things I would love to research and think about, but I have so little time. I guess I’ll just have to depend on the research of others. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorMarch 29, 2017 at 5:41 am We’ve found major errors in Wikipedia data, in fact just yesterday I had to have Don Quijones correct a post because Wikipedia claimed that the retirement age in Italy was a full 7 years lower than it really is. The idea that the number of small business of any type save in countercyclical niches like tailors increased from 2007, the peak of the pre-crisis era, to 2012, is implausible on its face, let alone by 34%. Private equity, in better position to back businesses than anyone, was struggling to raise new funds. And the data clearly showed by 2012 that all of the post-crisis income gains went to the 1%; everyone else was a net loser. If the Census reported anything like this, I would hazard it has to do with aggressive reclassification under the Obama Administration to liberalize what was considered to be a minority owned business. The very fact that this factoid has not been touted widely suggests it would not hold up to scrutiny. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorMarch 29, 2017 at 9:10 am I found the Census Bureau quote, and the factoid is really dodgy. It also includes this priceless statement: All except for 109,137 or 4.2 percent, of black or African American-owned firms were nonemployers. The overwhelming majority of these “businesses” are not businesses in any meaningful sense. The IRS limits how much you can take out in profit v. salary. A business with no employees where the owner is taking all the income out as profit as opposed to attributing some to salary is asking for an audit. After the crisis, blacks were hit harder by foreclosures than whites and also suffered higher rates of unemployment. The most likely explanation of a spike in a near depression is that these were people who were unemployed saying they were self-employed because it looked better while they were job hunting. So the big rise for blacks is a sign of desperation, not success. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorMarch 29, 2017 at 2:11 am Straw man. I never said it was groundbreaking. You are seriously saying an article that has this much detail on the history of black owned businesses, the role of black businessmen and politicians in anti-monopoly efforts, and how black owned businesses were important to black struggles for greater political rights isn’t well researched? What planet are you from? Have you ever done any actual research of this sort yourself? It appears not. The fact that it does not provide data you’d like to see does not mean it is not well researched. And if you know anything about banking or insurance, you don’t need the comparisons. The fall in black owned banks and insurers is obviously far greater than the aggregate. Reply ↓ EyeRound March 28, 2017 at 6:43 pm Well, the Stiglitz Center at the University of Chicago’s Booth School of Business is currently hosting a 3 day conference on “Is There a Concentration Problem in America?” Meaning monopoly problem. I came across it in David Dayen’s twitter posts. Aside from what you would expect from this institution (“regulation is bad, bad, bad, doesn’t help the economy, etc.”), apparently, at least according to Dayen, there is some talk of something called “political antitrust” by one of the U of C hosts, Luigi Zingales. Maybe it means a new era of “trust-busting” but it’s hard to see how re-regulation would be possible among today’s global supercorporations. The demise of the FTC, begun with de-funding in the 1970’s as the article indicates, has turned it into yet another supine regulatory agency. In its earlier days the FTC had a dual purpose: to control business/concentration and to enforce consumer protection. As an example of the latter, the FTC of bygone days oversaw “truth in advertising,” presumably to ensure that ads didn’t outright lie to consumers. In other words, recognition that business and public welfare were more or less antithetical to one another. https://promarket.org/role-antitrust-free-market-economy/ https://twitter.com/ddayen/ Reply ↓ EyeRound March 28, 2017 at 6:49 pm Hi. Sad to say, this is the second time NC has bricked a comment from me. Is there some problem? Reply ↓ EyeRound March 28, 2017 at 9:41 pm You did post it (6:43). Thank you! Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments Yves Smith on The American Opioid EpidemicUnless the doctor made a total hash of... Lambert Strether on Links 3/29/17I'm working through the The economic logic behind... Lambert Strether on The American Opioid EpidemicExcellent points. Entitlement. n. Something you aren't entitled... Lambert Strether on Links 3/29/17The link works for me now. McGovern and... UserFriendly on Trump Can’t Save CoalWell, if this paper is to be believed... Topics Africa (17) Australia (126) Auto industry (94) Banana republic (3,004) Banking industry (4,641) Brexit (46) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (248) China (564) Commodities (455) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,623) Curiousities (273) Currencies (903) Derivatives (687) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,456) Dubious statistics (575) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,755) Energy markets (504) Environment (452) Europe (618) Federal Reserve (1,266) Free markets and their discontents (1,404) Garrulous insolence (66) Global warming (321) Globalization (1,095) Guest Post (6,451) Health care (389) Hedge funds (416) Income disparity (949) India (15) Infrastructure (78) Investment banks (744) Investment management (496) Investment outlook (850) Japan (204) Legal (1,880) Links (3,037) Macroeconomic policy (971) Market inefficiencies (229) Media appearances (74) Media watch (864) Middle East (141) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (288) OCC (12) Payment system (47) Permaculture (31) Politics (5,008) Private equity (510) Privatization (66) Real estate (1,521) Regulations and regulators (3,576) Ridiculously obvious scams (437) Risk and risk management (717) Russia (236) Science and the scientific method (195) Social policy (1,014) Social values (1,788) Species loss (52) Student loans (51) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (119) Taxes (383) Technology and innovation (449) The destruction of the middle class (1,335) The dismal science (1,456) TPP (83) UK (113) Water Cooler (642) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Curio Wellness Solidifies Executive Management Team with Experienced Industry Leaders Curio Wellness Solidifies Executive Management Team with Experienced Industry Leaders Posted on March 29, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. World class team working toward June opening Baltimore, MD (PRWEB) March 29, 2017 Curio Wellness, a premium medical cannabis brand and trusted healthcare partner in Maryland, is proud to announce the finalization of the company’s executive management team with prominent executives from both inside and outside the cannabis industry. Joining the team and leading operations is Curio Wellness’ Chief Operating Officer, Ted Dumbauld, who has more than twenty years of business leadership and investment experience in a diverse set of industries, including nuclear power, asset management, technology, and medical cannabis. Dumbauld’s immediate focus will be on assuring operational excellence in the startup, inculcating lean management process into its operations, ensuring compliance with operational/regulatory requirements, implementing operating systems, and assisting in the final design and construction of a GMP-compliant, medical-grade cannabis cultivation and processing facility. Most recently, Dumbauld invested in and became the CEO of Curaleaf, a medical cannabis company in Connecticut. There he turned an under-performing facility into a profitable and market-leading operation with sustained revenue growth exceeding 10 percent per month. “Premium products are born from the efforts of premium talent. Our distinguished executive management team brings to Curio Wellness extensive experience in their respective fields, reinforced by degrees from the nation’s top educational institutions,” said Michael Bronfein, CEO of Curio Wellness. “This team merges experienced executives with renowned researchers and physicians to provide innovative healthcare solutions backed by best-in-class practices and products.” “Curio Wellness seeks to set the standard for quality, reliable medical cannabis in the state of Maryland,” Bronfein continued. “I’ve seen first-hand too many friends and classmates suffer from debilitating post-traumatic stress disorder,” said Dumbauld, a U.S. Naval Academy graduate and veteran of the U.S. military. “I am proud to be able to help bring to market products that will provide unprecedented relief to so many patients suffering from chronic illnesses.” Joining Dumbauld as new additions to the executive management team are Brad Friedlander, Chief Financial Officer, and Doug DeLeaver, Director of Security. Friedlander has a diverse background in accounting, finance, information technology, and operations. He most recently served as General Manager at InnerWorkings and Chief Information Officer for Lightning Golf & Promotions, Inc., where he helped orchestrate the sale of the company to InnerWorkings. Douglas DeLeaver has over 40 years of experience as a Law Enforcement Officer in the State of Maryland and served in top leadership positions including Chief of Maryland Transit, Superintendent of Maryland Natural Resources, Deputy Chief of Maryland Transportation Authority and Retired Commander Maryland State Police. Additionally, DeLeaver served as President of the National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives, as well as the President of Maryland Chiefs Association in 2007. Rounding out the executive management team are new hires Chris Holshouser, Director of Cultivation Operations, and Lee Williams, Director of Human Resources. Holshouser brings 20 years of experience in the greenhouse industry, most recently serving as head grower for Metrolina Greenhouses, the largest single-site, heated greenhouse in the U.S. supplying major chains including Lowes and Walmart. Holshouser has extensive experience in manipulating growing environments, environmental control strategies, production planning, crop scheduling, and personnel management, all resulting in consistently high quality large-scale production. Williams joins Curio Wellness with 16 years of experience in employee recruitment and retention, staff development, conflict resolution, benefits, compensation, human resources records management, policies development, and legal compliance with major corporations including Domino Sugar, DHL, and Sears. A member of the Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM), Williams holds a SHRM-CP certification, which recognizes expertise and leadership in the HR field. To view the full executive management team and for more information on Curio Wellness, please visit http://curiowellness.com/. About Curio Wellness Curio Wellness is an emerging medical cannabis brand and trusted healthcare partner. We are a bold new voice in the quest for wellness – providing a growing patient population with a much-needed natural treatment for a vast number of disease states. Led by a proven & experienced executive team, our approach is rooted in science, complemented by strategic partnerships and centered on superior patient care. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/Curio/Team/prweb14189114.htm Latest News Curio Wellness Solidifies Executive Management Team with Experienced Industry Leaders ComplianceOnline Announces Medical Device Summit 2017 Venue and Speaker Line Up Women in Automotive Names Auto Industry Pioneer Lisa Copeland as Brand Ambassador NetZoom™ Visio® Stencils Library Updated for Data Center and Network Devices from Server Technology, Netscout, Thinklogical, Crestron and More Manufacturers NetZoom™ Visio® Stencils Library Updated for Data Center and Network Devices from Server Technology, Netscout, Thinklogical, Crestron and More Manufacturers NEW from Whitney Howard Designs, Inc. –Answer the Rallying Cry, “Nevertheless, She Persisted,” with a Quotable Cuff New Survey Reveals $7.7 Billion Market for Outpatient Medical Real Estate Development Bright MLS Announces Chairman of the Board and Officers United States Mint Releases 2017 American Liberty 225th Anniversary Gold CoinTM on April 6 GRMA Invites Participation in Development of ANSI-Approved GMP Standard for Dietary Supplements © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ U.S. price revealed, free Gear VR headset with Controller for pre-orders Samsung just announced its flagship Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ smartphones at its New York event. It also confirmed that both the phones will be available from AT&T, Cricket Wireless, Sprint, Straight Talk Wireless, T-Mobile, U.S. Cellular, and Verizon Wireless starting April 21 with pre-orders starting 12:01 EDT on March 30, 2017. These phones will also be available at Best Buy stores as well as BestBuy.com, ShopSamsung app, Target and Walmart. Samsung said that consumers who pre-order a Galaxy S8 or Galaxy S8+ will receive a free Gear VR headset with Controller worth $129.99 and Oculus content. A limited edition premium bundle also includes Samsung 256GB MicroSD EVO+ card worth $249.99 and Harman AKG Y50BT Bluetooth headphones worth $179.95. AT&T Customers who pre-order the Galaxy S8 or S8+ via AT&T Next  get Up to $750 in credits towards another Samsung Galaxy S8 or S8+, Samsung Gear S3 for $49 with a 2-year service agreement, only 99-cents for Samsung Tab E and/or a Samsung Gear S2 when you activate 2-year service agreements. Galaxy S8 at $25 for 30 months Galaxy S8+ at $28.34 for 30 months T-Mobile Galaxy S8 – $30/month on Installment Plan ($30 down, FRP: $750 (Rs. 48,660 approx.)) Galaxy S8+ – $30/month on Installment Plan($130 down, FRP: $850 (Rs. 55,140 approx.)) Verizon Wireless Galaxy S8 or Galaxy S8+ – $15 a month for 24 months when you trade in an eligible device and sign up for the new Verizon Unlimited Plan Galaxy S8 without trade-in – $30 per month for 24 months; 0% APR ($720 (Rs. 46,660 approx.) retail price) Galaxy S8+ without trade-in – $35 per month for 24 months; 0% APR ($840 (Rs. 54,430 approx.) retail price) Other U.S. operators should also announce their pricing soon. Source Author: Srivatsan Sridhar Srivatsan Sridhar is a Mobile Technology Enthusiast who is passionate about Mobile phones and Mobile apps. He is currently using the Motorola Moto G4 Plus. You can follow him on Twitter @ssrivatsan and on Google+ View all posts by Srivatsan Sridhar Author Srivatsan SridharPosted on March 29, 2017March 29, 2017Categories News, Samsung Post navigation Previous Previous post: Samsung DeX dock for Galaxy S8 and S8+ announced Next Next post: Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Galaxy S8+ – What’s Different Trending Phones OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Google Pixel Honor 6X Apple iPhone 7 Plus Nokia 6 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Google Calendar app finally available for iPad Samsung Connect Home Smart Wi-Fi System is a mesh router with SmartThings integration Samsung Galaxy Note5 gets Android 7.0 Nougat update in India Android app revenue will surpass iOS this year: App Annie Samsung Galaxy S8 is world’s first phone with Bluetooth 5, Dual audio lets you stream to two devices simultaneously Why wireless storage is the ideal tool for an entertainment on the go Samsung Galaxy S8+ vs Apple iPhone 7 Plus – What’s different Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Apple iPhone 7 – What’s Different Samsung Galaxy S8 vs LG G6 – What’s Different Samsung Galaxy S8+ vs Galaxy S7 edge – What’s New CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G 5G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Digital Payments Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus pricing and availability: what we know so far Newsby Jimmy Westenberg13 hours ago 15 4157 4 After tons of rumors and speculation, Samsung has finally announced its new flagship smartphones, the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus. With curved Quad HD+ AMOLED displays, top-of-the-line processors, upgraded cameras and a new virtual assistant on board, these will certainly be two of the hottest phones released this year. See also: Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus hands-on: Welcome to a new era 15 hours ago You’re probably curious about where to buy them. Luckily, Samsung has been slowly releasing Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus pricing and availability details, which we’ve rounded up for you in this post. The Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus officially go on sale Friday, April 21 globally. Exact pricing details vary a bit depending on the region, so be sure to check out the full post below for region-specific info. Without any further delay, here’s where you can buy the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus. Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus U.S. availability In the U.S., the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus will be up for pre-order starting at 12:01am ET on Thursday, March 30 in Midnight Black, Orchid Gray and Arctic Silver color options. As an added bonus, folks who pre-order one of the new Galaxy phones will also score a new Gear VR, controller and game pack from Oculus at no extra charge. A limited edition premium bundle which adds a 256 GB memory card and Bluetooth headphones by AKG will also be available for $99, as well, and buyers will also be eligible for Platinum Experience Status with Samsung Rewards. As far as carriers and retailers are concerned, Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile, Sprint, U.S. Cellular, Cricket Wireless and Straight Talk will all carry the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus in-store beginning Friday, April 21. A handful of other retailers like Best Buy and Target have given availability details, too. Carriers Verizon Verizon will open up Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus pre-orders on Thursday, March 30 at 12:01ET for the following prices: Galaxy S8: $720 (full retail) or $30 per month for 24 months Galaxy S8 Plus: $840 (full retail) or $35 per month for 24 months Verizon also has a bunch of pre-order bundles available with S8 pre-orders, which you can find here: Limited time trade-in offer: Order the Galaxy S8 on device payment, sign up for Verizon Unlimited and trade-in the following phones and pay only $15/month for 24 months — Apple: iPhone 6, 6 Plus, 6S, 6S Plus, 7, 7 Plus; Samsung: GS6, GS6 edge, GS6 edge +, GS7, GS7 edge, Note 5; Google: Pixel, Pixel XL; LG: G5, V20; HTC: 10; Motorola: Z Droid, Z Force Order the Galaxy S8 on device payment, sign up for Verizon Unlimited and trade-in the following phones and pay only $20/month for 24 months — Apple: iPhone SE; Samsung: Note 4, GS5; LG: G4, V10; HTC: M9; Motorola: Turbo 2, Z Play Order the Galaxy S8+ on device payment, sign up for Verizon Unlimited and trade-in the following phones and pay only $15/month for 24 months — Apple: iPhone 7 Plus; Google: Pixel XL; Motorola: Z Force; Samsung: GS7 edge Order the Galaxy S8+ on device payment, sign up for Verizon Unlimited and trade-in the following phones and pay only $20/month for 24 months — Apple: iPhone 6, 6 Plus, 6S, 6S Plus, 7; Google: Pixel; Samsung: GS6, GS6 edge, GS6 edge +, GS7, Note 5; LG: G5, V20; HTC: 10; Motorola: Droid Z Droid Galaxy S8 Bundles: For a limited time, choose from two Samsung Gear VR offers when you preorder the new Samsung Galaxy S7 or S8 Plus. Immerse yourself with the free Controller Bundle ($180 value) that includes a Gear VR with controller and Oculus content. Or take it to the next level with the Experience Box discounted to $99 ($550 value) which includes the Controller Bundle plus one pair of Harman Kardon headphones and a Samsung 256 GB micro SD card. Verizon will also be carrying an assortment of cases and the new Samsung VR and Gear 360 camera (coming soon). See the Galaxy S8 at Verizon See the Galaxy S8 Plus at Verizon AT&T Pre-orders for the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus on AT&T start March 30, with in-store availability slated for April 21. Pre-order customers will also receive a free Gear VR with controller and Oculus game pack with their purchase. Pricing is listed below: Galaxy S8: $750 (full retail) AT&T Next: $25 per month for 30 months AT&T Next Every Year: $31.25 per month for 24 months Galaxy S8 Plus: $850 (full retail) AT&T Next: $28.34 per month for 30 months AT&T Next Every Year: $35.42 per month for 24 months Additional AT&T promotional details can be found below: Up to $750 in credits towards another Samsung Galaxy S8 or S8 Plus A Samsung Gear S3 for only $49 with a 2-year service agreement Get a Samsung Tab E and/or a Samsung Gear S2 for only .99 cents, when you activate a two-year agreements T-Mobile Customers can pre-order the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus from T-Mobile beginning Wednesday, March 29 at 9:01pm PT. You’ll also get a free Gear VR with controller and Oculus game pack when you pre-order either device from T-Mobile or buy a Galaxy S8 from [email protected] customers who pre-order the Galaxy S8 in-store will get a DeX adaptor for free at launch, too. Pricing is as follows: Galaxy S8: $750 (full retail) or $30 down and $30 per month for 24 months on the T-Mobile Equipment Installment Plan. JUMP! On Demand pricing starts at $0 down and $33 per month. Galaxy S8 Plus: $850 (full retail) or $130 down and $30 per month for 24 months on the T-Mobile Equipment Installment Plan, with the same down payment and monthly payment amount for JUMP! On Demand customers. MetroPCS will also carry the Galaxy S8 on April 21 for $729. See it at T-Mobile Sprint As previously mentioned, Sprint will carry the S8 and S8 Plus on Friday, April 21. The carrier still has yet to release specific pre-order and pricing details, so we’ll update this section as we learn more. Additional retailers The Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus will also be available at all Best Buy stores, BestBuy.com, in the ShopSamsung app, Target and Walmart. Best Buy You can pre-order the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus at Best Buy starting 12:01am ET on March 30, and you’ll also be able to reserve a phone when your local Best Buy store opens on Thursday. Best Buy says it’ll also knock $100 off the Galaxy S8 or S8 Plus if you buy through the retailer. The best part is that this $100 in savings can also be combined with other deals and promotions that Samsung and carriers are offering, which means you can still get the new Gear VR headset with controller and Oculus game pack for this discounted price from Best Buy. See it at Best Buy Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus Europe availability In the UK, pre-orders open today, March 29, and will run until April 19. Pre-orders will arrive April 20 and general availability will begin on April 28 in both the UK and Europe. The S8 in the UK will cost £689 and the Galaxy S8 Plus will sell for £779. The UK will only get the Midnight Black and Orchid Gray with the possibility of Arctic Silver at a later date. Vodafone Both the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus are now up for pre-order from Vodafone. Galaxy S8: £30 down and £47 per month with Vodafone’s Data Extravaganza Galaxy S8 Plus: £50 down and £50 per month with Vodafone’s Data Extravaganza Both of these offers end April 11. Pre-order the Galaxy S8 from Vodafone Pre-order the S8 Plus from Vodafone Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus Canada availability The Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus are also coming to Canada! Both devices will be available for purchase on April 21 in Midnight Black and Orchid Gray. If you pre-order either device from March 29 to April 20, you’ll also receive a new Gear VR with controller. See it at Samsung.com Samsung Canada has also confirmed that the new Gear 360 will come to Canada in the first half of 2017. Well, that’s it for now. Did we miss anything? If so, please speak up in the comment section! Oh, and if you’d like to learn more about the S8 and S8 Plus, be sure to check out our additional coverage below: Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus officially announced: what you need to know Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus color comparison Samsung Galaxy S8 vs LG G6 comparison Samsung Galaxy S8 vs the competition Samsung Gear VR (2017) and motion controller hands-on Samsung Gear 360 (2017) hands-on: Shoot 360 in real 4K! News Samsung, Samsung Galaxy S8, Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Samsung, Samsung Galaxy S8, Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Jimmy Westenberg Lover of all things Android, Star Wars, dogs, coffee and music. Show 15 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 4 days ago60 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News The Pixel Launcher is getting a revamped look for some users 3 hours ago Ubisoft reveals Tom Clancy’s ShadowBreak shooter-strategy game for Android 5 hours ago Samsung Galaxy S8 feature focus: Bixby 6 hours ago The Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus’ displays are Full HD by default, but can be ... 7 hours ago The Samsung Galaxy S8 can handle near-gigabit speeds on T-Mobile’s network 8 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Ad Policy Skip to content Facebook Twitter Donate Log In Climate Change The Republican Party Activism Asking for a Friend Podcasts Politics World Economy Culture Take Action Labor Organizing Students and Farmworkers Are Teaming Up to Boot Wendy’s Off Their Campuses Current Issue Subscribe Search Facebook Twitter Email Toggle Menu Log In Politics World Economy Culture Take Action Subscribe Current Issue Donate Log In Facebook Twitter If you are a current Subscriber and are unable to log in, you may have to create a NEW username and password. To do so, click here and use the “NEW USER” sign-up option. Log In Email * Password * Remember Me Forgot Your Password? Log In If you are not a Subscriber, Subscribe Now! Back to site Labor Organizing Farming StudentNation Students and Farmworkers Are Teaming Up to Boot Wendy’s Off Their Campuses Students and Farmworkers Are Teaming Up to Boot Wendy’s Off Their Campuses The effort is part of a national campaign to pressure Wendy’s to improve their labor practices. By Molly Minta Yesterday 12:24 pm Facebook Twitter Email Print University of Florida students and workers protest against Wendy’s on March 16, 2017. (Molly Minta) GAINESVILLE, FL—Earlier this month, students at the University of Florida returned from spring break to record-low temperatures and a tauntingly blue sky. On March 16, the rolling green lawn that joins several of the university’s main buildings was filled with students enjoying the weather in warm patches of sun.1 Ad Policy About two miles east, representatives from the Coalition of Immokalee Workers (CIW), a farmworker-rights organization based five hours south of Gainesville, gathered with UF students at Norman Field, an expanse of grass near the area of town where Wendy Thomas, the original Wendy on whom the fast food chain’s logo is based, lived when she attended the university in the early 1980s. With tomato signs and CIW’s signature yellow flags, students and coalition members were gathered for a protest.2 The sound of guitars and chants of “Move Wendy’s, get out the way!” soon could be heard as the protestors made their way through campus. People paused their frisbeeing or studying to locate the source of the noise as the mass of students traveled south toward the student union, home to one of two Wendy’s locations on campus.3 Four years ago, students across the country launched the “Boot the Braids” campaign to pressure Wendy’s into joining the CIW’s Fair Food Program. The CIW has organized to improve working conditions for farmworkers since 1993, and its Fair Food Program (FFP) is a first-of-its-kind model that does just that. The FFP launched in 2011 and originally focused on tomatoes grown in Florida where tomato farm owners and crew leaders were notoriously abusive to farmworkers, and wages were shockingly low. The CIW used public pressure and protests to get major retailers, including Taco Bell, McDonald’s, Walmart, and Subway, to agree to only purchase Florida tomatoes from growers who participate in the FFP. They also agreed to pay one penny more per pound of tomatoes, which would go directly to farmworkers. Florida growers who want to sell to retailers participating in the FFP in turn have to sign on to a farmworker-drafted code of conduct and consent to third-party audits of their working conditions. Since its inception, the program has improved working conditions and resulted in more than $23 million in increased wages. The FFP has since expanded to include tomatoes grown in six other states, and now also includes Florida-grown strawberries and peppers.4 Wendy’s has resisted joining the program from the beginning. After years of protests, hunger strikes, boycotts, and petitions, each of the top five fast food companies have signed on to the FFP except for Wendy’s. In response, the CIW launched a national boycott of the chain in October 2016. As for the student activists, they say their Boot the Braids campaign won’t stop until Wendy’s joins the FFP or is removed from their college campuses.5 Most Popular 1 The Devastating Process of Dying in America Without Insurance 2 This Political Theorist Predicted the Rise of Trumpism. His Name Was Hunter S. Thompson. 3 Victory! USA Women’s Hockey Team Just Won Their Strike 4 The Coming ‘Instant Planetary Emergency’ 5 Your Guide to the Sprawling New Anti-Trump Resistance Movement The march in Gainesville was the kickoff for a national CIW protest, the “Return to Human Rights Tour,” which concludes today with a vigil in Tampa. Over the span of two weeks, CIW members and their allies have toured cities across the US to mobilize support for the FFP. The CIW partnered with students at Vanderbilt, UNC Chapel Hill, and Ohio State—whose students completed a week-long fast in solidarity—to demand that their administrators pressure Wendy’s to sign onto the program. The 13-stop tour was the longest protest action of the coalition’s Campaign for Fair Food in the past decade, and included a protest in downtown Columbus, a few miles south of Wendy’s international headquarters, last weekend.6 Members of CHISPAS, a UF student organization that focuses on immigrant rights and advocacy, and other UF students have been organizing against Wendy’s since the start of the Boot the Braids campaign. For many of these students, like 20-year-old CHISPAS secretary Lucero Ruballos, the Fair Food Program has directly impacted their lives.7 For a long time, Ruballos’s parents were farmworkers. She grew up near the fields where her parents worked in Plant City, home to Florida’s largest strawberry producer. She remembers seeing her mom work while she and her sister played nearby, but any exploitation was not talked about. It wasn’t until Ruballos was older that she began to understand the working conditions her family faced: “They were exploited just because they were farmworkers,” Ruballos said. “I wouldn’t want anybody to be treated that way, just because we’re all humans. We all deserve human rights.”8 Ruballos, who plans on becoming an immigration lawyer after graduation, grew up close to her aunt. She would go to her house after school, as her parents, who left farmworking for manufacturing jobs, often worked late. She began to notice little things: that her aunt’s skin would gradually darken through the picking season; that she would grow more and more tired in the evenings.9 “When she would get home, she would put an IcyHot pad on her back, and then she would just rest,” Ruballos said. “She had that face of, ‘It was a hard time.’ She was tired, but it was about to be dinner time, and she would have to cook and prepare for the next day.”10 GET A DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTION FOR JUST $9.50! Subscribe Ruballos was disturbed to learn how little her aunt made—she was barely able to afford her bills. Even more disturbing, Ruballos said, was that it was considered normal.11 “She’s working, you know?” Ruballos said.“Why isn’t her working paying off?”12 Over 90 percent of the Florida’s tomato growers have signed onto the Fair Food Program and farmworkers, including Ruballos’s aunt, have seen their wages and working conditions improve, said Patricia Cipollitti, an organizer with the CIW.13 The stakes are higher now than ever. Get The Nation in your inbox. “This is a program that’s been working,” Cipollitti said. “Farmworkers know their reality the most. They’re the ones who know what changes need to be made. That’s the key piece of this worker-driven model of social responsibility that works, rather than this top-down model of corporate responsibility, where those who design the audits and the systems for monitoring don’t actually have their eyes and ears on the ground or an interest in enforcing these kinds of standards.”14 Despite this, Cipollitti said that Wendy’s has only become further entrenched in its opposition to the FFP. As a workaround, Wendy’s no longer purchases from Florida tomato growers and has drafted its own code of conduct, which the Alliance for Fair Food called “completely void of effective enforcement mechanisms to protect farmworker’s human rights.”15 In response to Wendy’s entrenchment, the student campaigns have become more complex. This year, Ruballos spearheaded a three-pronged strategy that targeted other organizations on campus for support, reached out to students through marketing and social media, and engaged UF administrators by building up to the march with smaller demonstrations throughout the year.16 Activists face a more complicated challenge at UF than at other universities, however. Because UF contracts with Aramark, one the largest food service providers in the country, and not the individual restaurants, the school says it’s limited in the extent it can pressure Wendy’s to join the program. Aramark itself joined the Fair Food Program in 2010, which according to UF means the two campus Wendy’s are technically under the program’s umbrella.17 “We have to show Wendy’s that there are students in full support of CIW’s Fair Food Program.” — Lucero Ruballos However, student activists argue that “technically” is not enough. In 2014, for example, one of the farms in Mexico from which Wendy’s sources its tomatoes was fined for mistreating its workers. In 2016, Wendy’s put out a statement in response to the CIW’s national boycott, writing “We are quite happy with the quality and taste of the tomatoes we are sourcing from Mexico.” The activists don’t want Wendy’s benefitting from UF students at all.18 UF’s administration sent a representative to the march who spoke with the activists during the picket outside the student union. He took the letters of support from campus organizations that Ruballos had gathered, but told them what they knew they were going to hear: It’s Aramark, not UF, who can bargain with Wendy’s.19 Though several members of CHISPAS are optimistic they will get an official meeting with the office in the near future, to many others the mid-protest conversation was unsatisfactory. When Lupe Gonzalo, one of the farmworker activists, told the protesters the representative’s response, they booed.20 “I feel like UF’s administration doesn’t really care about its students,” said Mustafa Hammad, a member of another student group in attendance, the Radical Student Alliance, who spoke with the university representative. “I feel like as long as they get their funding, and as long as they get a certain amount of money from donors, they shut out their students. Their constituency is white students.”21 UF’s administration might be resistant to listening to CHISPAS, but the students believe their fellow students are increasingly paying attention. During the protest, students marched through Turlington Plaza, UF’s free speech zone, where it’s common to be bombarded with solicitations and flyers. They’re usually crumpled up or discarded, but when the protesters passed out their own bright yellow flyers, students stopped to read. Some even asked questions and wanted to know more. One admitted he didn’t like Wendy’s and appreciated another reason to not eat there again. But to the protesters, the movement is more than just one campus protest. The CIW has even set up a system of caravans to truck Florida students and protesters to the next stop and onward.22 “It’s not just the march,” said Ruballos. “It’s an ongoing process…We have to show Wendy’s that there are students, there are people and community leaders, that are in full support of the CIW’s Fair Food Program, that are not letting inhumane [practices] get in the way.”23 1 Comment Facebook Twitter Email Print Molly Minta Molly Minta is a sophomore at the University of Florida and editor of Gainesville's alternative quarterly magazine, The Fine Print. To submit a correction for our consideration, click here. For Reprints and Permissions, click here. Leave a Comment Cancel reply In order to comment, you must be logged in as a paid subscriber. Click here to log in or subscribe. Kemp Wood says: March 29, 2017 at 4:30 pm I'd given up Hardees and now Wendys so now maybeeee I can shed that extra weight! Excellent article Nation.. This reporting is an example of what I don't get on MSM. (2)(0) Labor Organizing Farming StudentNation Yesterday 12:54 pm Victory! USA Women’s Hockey Team Just Won Their Strike By Dave Zirin Mar 21, 2017 The End of the US Empire Can Be a New Beginning for Our Democracy By Daniel Cantor and Barbara Dudley Yesterday 8:00 am California Dreaming: Will Scott, Sharecropper’s Son By Sasha Abramsky Oct 20, 2016 Letters From the November 7, 2016, Issue By Our Readers Mar 17, 2017 The Deeper Lessons of the Incident at Middlebury By Harry C. Boyte Mar 08, 2017 Teachers Will Be a Formidable Force Against Trump By Michelle Chen “There are few places where one can still read courageous journalism. The Nation is one." —Alec Baldwin Subscribe to The Nation Ad Policy Follow The Nation Get Email Updates Stay connected with everything Nation by signing up for our free daily newsletter. Sections Politics World Economy Culture Society Environment Take Action The Nation About Advertise eBooks Comments Policy Contact Us Help Jobs and Internships Nation Builders Nation Travels Student Writing Fellows Magazine Current Issue Masthead Archive Donate Subscribe Subscription Services Reprints Copyright (c) 2017 The Nation Company LLC
home contact SWEATSHOP stepforum stepfatherpresents Girls on Webcam I'll Make You Famous… stepGIRLS   | videos   | steplinks  | stepnews   Safe for Work NSFW(18+)   2017 29 Mar The Reason You Haven’t Seen Sarah Michelle Gellar for 20 Years of the Day No Comments » Your girl Sarah Michelle Gellar is in some Entertainment Weekly 20 year reunion celebration of Buffy the Vampire Slayer, a show I never watched or cared to watch, but that made a lot of people a lot of money, mainly because of teen girls, and I guess sad 30 year old girls…but more interestingly…virgin loser nerds who lived and still live in their mom’s basements….. Seriously, some of the weirdest, most socially awkward people I know or have known were religious fans of this shit..and I don’t fucking know why…but I know that Sarah Michelle Gellar looks like shit, like some French Canadian mom who smokes too many cigarettes with her pencil thin lips and rough looking mom face…this is not the face of a celebrity, but rather that of a tired Walmart cashier who struggles with her meth addiction everyday…because it’s a struggle people… I don’t know, this terrifies me…but reminds me that some things should be left in the past….and maybe she’s the vampire in need of being slayed….SLAY… Buffy The Vampire Cast Reunion Shoot (2017) Amber Benson of Buffy The Vampire Slayer photographed exclusively for Entertainment Weekly by James White on March 7th, 2017 in Los Angeles. Styling: Annie Jagger/The Only Agency; Prop Styling: Andy Henbest/Art Department; Benson’s Hair: Toni Chavez/The Only Agency; Makeup: Adrienne Herbert/Art Department; Dress: Self Portrait; Shoes: Saint Laurent; Jewelry Erickson Beamon; Production: Allison Elioff/Sunny 16 Productions Buffy The Vampire Cast Reunion Shoot (2017) Alyson Hannigan of Buffy The Vampire Slayer photographed exclusively for Entertainment Weekly by James White on March 7th, 2017 in Los Angeles. Styling: Annie Jagger/The Only Agency; Prop Styling: Andy Henbest/Art Department; Hannigan’s Hair: Stephen Sollitto/TMG-LA; Makeup: Marcus Francis/Starworks Artists; Hannigan’s Dress: ALC; Shoes: Saint Laurent; Production: Allison Elioff/Sunny 16 Productions Buffy The Vampire Cast Reunion Shoot (2017) Charisma Carpenter of Buffy The Vampire Slayer photographed exclusively for Entertainment Weekly by James White on March 7th, 2017 in Los Angeles. Styling: Annie Jagger/The Only Agency; Prop Styling: Andy Henbest/Art Department; Carpenter’s Hair: Raul Alvarez; Makeup: Rebecca Janian; Bodysuit: Dolce & Gabbana; Shoes: Stuart Weitzman; Production: Allison Elioff/Sunny 16 Productions Buffy The Vampire Cast Reunion Shoot (2017) Actors from left to right, Amber Benson, Alyson Hannigan, Nicholas Brendon, Emma Caulfield, Alexis Denisof, Charisma Carpenter, Seth Green, David Boreanaz, Sarah Michelle Gellar, James Marsters, Michelle Tracthenberg and Kristine Sutherland, with creator Joss Whedon in the foreground of Buffy The Vampire Slayer photographed exclusively for Entertainment Weekly by James White on March 7th, 2017 in Los Angeles. Styling: Annie Jagger/The Only Agency; Boreanaz’s Styling: Rob Bolger; Prop Stylist: Andy Henbest/Art Department; Production: Allison Elioff/Sunny 16 Productions; Benson’s Hair: Toni Chavez/The Only Agency; Makeup: Adrienne Herbert/Art Department; Dress: Self Portrait; Shoes: Saint Laurent; Jewelry Erickson Beamon; Hannigan’s, Denisof’s Hair: Stephen Sollitto/TMG-LA; Makeup/Grooming: Marcus Francis/Starworks Artists; Hannigan’s Dress: ALC; Shoes: Saint Laurent; Denisof’s Shirt: Dolce and Gabbana; Blazer: John Varvatos; Boots: Ralph Lauren; Brendon’s, Whedon’s Grooming: Erika Parsons/Art Department; Brendon’s Jacket:G Star; Shirt: John Varvatos; Jeans: G Star; Boots: Frye; Whedon’s Jacket: John Varvatos Buffy The Vampire Cast Reunion Shoot (2017) Sarah Michelle Gellar of Buffy The Vampire Slayer photographed exclusively for Entertainment Weekly by James White on March 7th, 2017 in Los Angeles. Styling: Annie Jagger/The Only Agency; Prop Styling: Andy Henbest/Art Department; Gellar’s Hair: Mara Roszak/Starworks Agency; Makeup: Marco de Souza/NARS/Wilhelmina; Dress: Farrah Angsana; Shoes: Jimmy Choo; Jewelry: Erickson Beamon; Production: Allison Elioff/Sunny 16 Productions Buffy The Vampire Cast Reunion Shoot (2017) Emma Caulfield of Buffy The Vampire Slayer photographed exclusively for Entertainment Weekly by James White on March 7th, 2017 in Los Angeles. Styling: Annie Jagger/The Only Agency; Prop Styling: Andy Henbest/Art Department; Caulfield’s Hair: Silver Bramham/Art Department; Makeup: David Keough/Art Department; Dress: Maje; Shoes: Jean-Michel Cazabat; Production: Allison Elioff/Sunny 16 Productions Buffy The Vampire Cast Reunion Shoot (2017) Amber Benson, Alyson Hannigan, and Seth Green of Buffy The Vampire Slayer photographed exclusively for Entertainment Weekly by James White on March 7th, 2017 in Los Angeles. Styling: Annie Jagger/The Only Agency; Prop Styling: Andy Henbest/Art Department; Benson’s Hair: Toni Chavez/The Only Agency; Makeup: Adrienne Herbert/Art Department; Dress: Self Portrait; Shoes: Saint Laurent; Jewelry Erickson Beamon; Hannigan’s, Hair: Stephen Sollitto/TMG-LA; Makeup: Marcus Francis/Starworks Artists; Hannigan’s Dress: ALC; Shoes: Saint Laurent; Green’s Grooming: Katy McClintock; Sweater: John Varvatos; Jeans: G Star; Boots: Saint Laurent; Production: Allison Elioff/Sunny 16 Productions Buffy The Vampire Cast Reunion Shoot (2017) Michelle Trachtenberg, Kristine Sutherland, and Sarah Michelle Gellar of Buffy The Vampire Slayer photographed exclusively for Entertainment Weekly by James White on March 7th, 2017 in Los Angeles. Styling: Annie Jagger/The Only Agency; Prop Styling: Andy Henbest/Art Department; Trachtenberg’s Hair: Whitney Olson; Makeup: Liz Zaldana; Dress: Uel Camilo; Ring: Erickson Beamon; Sutherland’s Hair: Steven Mason/Schwarzkopf/Exclusive Artists; Makeup: Blondie/Laura Mercier/Exclusive Artists; Dress: Valentino Red; Shoes: Alexandre Birman; Jewelry: Erickson Beamon; Gellar’s Hair: Mara Roszak/Starworks Agency; Makeup: Marco de Souza/NARS/Wilhelmina; Dress: Farrah Angsana; Shoes: Jimmy Choo; Jewelry: Erickson Beamon; Production: Allison Elioff/Sunny 16 Productions More from my site Michelle Trachtenberg’s Strategic Bikini Pic of the Day Remembering Sarah Michelle Gellar of the Day Sarah Michelle Gellar in her One Piece for a Movie of the Day Posted in:Sarah Michelle Gellar|SFW previous post: Rita Ora’s Artistic Bikini Pic of the Day next post: Jenna Dewan Tatum’s See Through Shirt of the Day Get This Now Featured Links The Vagina Chart Shirt! What's Your Number Vagina Shirt Taekwondo Champion Smashes 111 Building Blocks With His Head A 16-year-old Bosnian taekwondo martial artist has performed A Ghost Story Humans are painfully short-lived and time is so very long These College Kids Cringe Hard These college kids are slammed in their faces with Crushing Stretch Armstrong With A Hydraulic Press The Hydraulic Press Channel crushes a defenseless Stretch Armstrong Escalator In Hong Kong Said NO This escalator in Hong Kong had had enough and just Chris Rock & Dave Chappelle Surprise Duet Fans of comedy got a real treat Saturday night DrunkenStepfather Mask Shirt DrunkenStepfather is one of the longest running sleazy, comedic, Mean Bean – Official Trailer 2017 Chicago video editor John Loberger has created the Basketball Makes For Some Excellent Fail Compilations March Madness is upon us! Sit back and laugh See More » Celebrities Abi Titmuss Abigail Clancy Adriana Lima Adriana Volpe Adrianne Curry Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace Alena Seredova Alessandra Ambrosio Ali Larter Alicia Keys Alyson Hannigan Alyssa Milano Amanda Beard Amanda Bynes Amy Adams Amy Alexandra Amy Smart Amy Winehouse Ana Beatriz Barros Anastacia Anna Faris Anna Kournikova Anne Hathaway Aria Giovanni Ashlee Simpson Ashley Hartman Ashley Olsen Ashley Scott Ashley Tisdale Audrina Partridge Bai Ling Bar Rafaeli Benji Madden Beyonce Bianca Gascoigne Bijou Phillips Billie Piper Brian Austin Green Britney Spears Brittany Murphy Brittany Snow Brooke Burke Brooke Hogan Brooke Sheehan Caleigh Peters Cameron Diaz Caprice Carmen Electra Carrie Underwood Catherine Zeta-Jones Celine Dion Cerina Vincent Chanelle Charlie Uchea Charlize Theron Charlotte Church Chauntal Cheryl Tweedy Chloe Sevigny Christina Aguilera Christina Applegate Christina Ricci Christine Lakin Cindy Crawford Cindy Margolis Claire Danes Coco Coleen McLoughlin Cory Kennedy Courtney Cox Courtney Love Cris Angel Daisy Fuentes Daniel Radcliffe Daniela Hantuchova Danielle Lloyd Dannii Minogue Daveigh Chase David Beckham David Hasselhoff Debbie Harry Deelish Demi Moore Diane Kruger Dita Von Tease DJ AM Drew Barrymore Elisabetta Canalis Elisha Cuthbert Elizabeth Berkeley Elizabeth Hasselback Elizabeth Hurley Elle Macpherson Emily Clark Emily Scott Emma Bunton Emma Watson Estella Warren Eva Herzigova Eva Longoria Eva Mendes Fantasia Barrino Fergie Fran Drescher Gemma Atkinson Gemma Ward Geri Halliwell Gia Allemand Gillian Anderson Gisele Bundchen Goldie Hawn Gretchen Mol Gwen Stefani Harry Morton Hayden Panettiere Haylie Duff Heather Graham Heather Locklear Heather Mills Heidi Klum Heidi Montag Hilary Duff Hilary Swank Ice T Ivanka Trump Jade Goody Jade Jagger Jaime Lynn Sigler Jaime Pressly Janice Dickinson Jannel Syzyska Jenna Jameson Jennifer Aniston Jennifer Ellison Jennifer Esposito Jennifer Garner Jennifer Lopez Jennifer Love Hewitt Jennifer Tilly Jenny Malone Jenny McCarthy Jesse Jane Jessica Alba Jessica Biel Jessica Jaymes Jessica Simpson Joanna Krupa Jodie Sweetin Joely Richardson Jordan Jorja Fox Joss Stone Julia Louis Dreyfus Julianne Moore Juliette Lewis Justin Timberlake Kanye West Karen Mulder Karolina Kurkova Kate Beckinsale Kate Bosworth Kate Hudson Kate Moss Katherine Heigl Katherine Kelly Lang Katherine McPhee Kathy Lloyd Katie Downes Katie Holmes Kayley Cuoco Keira Knightley Kellie Pickler Kelly Clarkson Kelly Osborne Kelly Ripa Kelly Rowland Kendra Wilkinson Kim Kardashian Kimberly Stewart Kirsten Dunst Kristen Bell Kristen Cavallari Kristen Davis Kristine Lefebvre Kylie Minogue Laura Prepon Laura Ramsey Lauren Conrad Lauren Holly Leah Remini Leelee Sobiesky Lily Allen Lindsay Lohan Lisa Marie Lisa Rinna Liz Hurley Lorie Loughlin Louise Redknapp Lucy Pinder Madonna Maggie Gyllenhaal Mandy Moore Maria Grazia Cucinotta Maria Kirilenko Maria Menounos Maria Sharapova Mariah Carey Marisa Miller Marisa Tomei Martina Hingis Mary Cary Megan Fox Megan Good Melanie Brown Mena Suvari Michelle Marsh Michelle Pfeiffer Michelle Rodriguez Michelle Trachtenberg Michelle Williams Mila Kunis Milla Jovovich Minnie Driver Mischa Barton Monica Cruz Morgan Fairchild Nadine Cole Nancy O'Dell Natale Reid Natalie Portman Natasha Hamilton Natasha Lyonne Nell McAndrew Nick Lachey Nicky Hilton Nicole Kidman Nicole Richie Nicole Scherzinger Nicolette Sheridan Nikki Griffin Noelia Noemi Lenoir Olsen Twins Ornella Muti Pamela Anderson Paris Hilton Penelope Cruz Petra Nemcova Phoebe Price Pink Portia DiRossi Rachel Bilson Rachel Hunter Rachel Leigh Cook Rachel Nichols Rachel Ray Rebecca Gayheart Reese Witherspoon Renee Zellweger Rihanna Rosanna Arquette Rosario Dawson Rose McGowan Rosie Perez Salma Hayek Samaire Armstrong Samantha Fox Samantha Ronson Sara Harding Sarah Michelle Gellar Sarah Silverman Scarlett Johansson Serena Williams Shakira Sharon Stone Shauna Sand Sienna Miller Sonya Kraus Sophia Bush Sophie Anderton sophie cahill Sophie Howard Sophie Monk Stacy Keibler Stavros Summer Altice Susan Sarandon Tara Conner Tara Reid Taryn Manning Taylor Momsen Tera Patrick Teresa Palmer Teri Hatcher Tila Tequila Tyra Banks Uma Thurman Unsorted Vanessa Hudgens Vanessa Minnillo Victoria Beckham Victoria Silvstedt Vida Guerra Join The Newsletter Asshole stepfatherpresents: When You Go Insane In The Gym When You Give Zero F#cks Escalator In Hong Kong Said NO Basketball Makes For Some Excellent Fail Compilations This Makeover Produces Nothing But Smiles, Until The Owner Opens Her Mouth VideosThatSuck Ferdinand Official Trailer Making Dubstep With A Gourd On A Stick This Is How The First City Got Started 12,000 Years Ago A Tiny Baby Bat Repeatedly Requests More Yummy Fruit What Snapchat Was Like In The 1990s EvilBeetGossip Trading Spaces is Returning to TLC! Amy Poehler & Nick Offerman to host competition show J.K. Rowling’s Luxe Yacht for rent or buy!! Mama from ‘Gilbert Grape’ Dies at 69 Pharrell Williams Life to Become Movie Musical   Links Celebrity Porn Porn Fails! Viral Videos Video Porno Most Popular stepGIRLS stepLINKS stepNEWS DrunkenSweatshop stepFORUM Videos Instagram Facebook Contact Disclaimer Privacy Policy Contact DMCA ©2017 DrunkenStepfather
Droid Life Menu Skip to content Home Topics Accessories Apps Beginners’ Guide Contests Deals News Polls Reviews Root Videos Podcast Deals Contact Search Post navigation Previous StorySamsung Announces the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+, Arrives April 21 Next StorySamsung Announces New Gear 360, Offers 4K 360-Degree Capture and Live Broadcasting by Kellex on Mar 29, 2017 @droid_life News Home Share this Story Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Pre-Order Info, Carrier Availability, Deals, Pricing Where and when can you buy the Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+? Soon! And at lots of places! The phone goes up for pre-order on March 30 (tomorrow!) and then arrives in stores on April 21 in Midnight Black, Orchid Gray, and Arctic Silver.  All of your favorite carriers will sell the device, including Verizon, AT&T, Cricket, Sprint, T-Mobile, US Cellular, and Straight Talk. Best Buy will also sell the device, as will Target and Walmart. Finding a place that sells the Galaxy S8 is not going to be an issue. If you pre-order, Samsung is tossing in some freebies. Should you decide to pre-order, you’ll get a free Gear VR headset ($129.99 value) with the new Controller ($39.99 value). As for pricing, you are looking at: Verizon: Galaxy S8 ($30/mo for 24 months or $720) Galaxy S8+ ($35/mo for 24 months or $840) AT&T: Galaxy S8 ($25/mo for 30 months, $31.25/mo for 24 months, or $750) Galaxy S8+ ($28.34/mo for 30 months, $35.42/mo for 24 months or $850) T-Mobile: Galaxy S8 ($30/mo + $30 down for 24 months or $750) Galaxy S8+ ($30/mo + $130 down for 24 months or $850) Sprint: Galaxy S8 ($31.25/mo lease for 18 months) Galaxy S8+ ($35.42/mo lease for 18 months) Best Buy: Galaxy S8 ($50 off Verizon, AT&T, or Sprint) Galaxy S8+ ($100 off Verizon, AT&T, or Sprint) Additional launch details for the US can be found below. In the U.S., the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ will be available in Midnight Black, Orchid Gray and Arctic Silver. Pre-orders for both Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ will begin at 12:01 EDT on March 30, 20173. AT&T, Cricket Wireless, Sprint, Straight Talk Wireless, T-Mobile, U.S. Cellular, and Verizon Wireless will carry the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ in stores beginning April 21. In addition, the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ will be available at all Best Buy stores as well as BestBuy.com, ShopSamsung app, Target and Walmart. Gear VR with Controller will be available beginning April 21, 2017 for $129.99. The Controller will also be sold separately beginning April 21, 2017 for $39.99. Consumers who pre-order a Galaxy S8 or Galaxy S8+ will receive a free Gear VR headset with Controller and Oculus content4. A limited edition premium bundle which adds a 256GB memory card and Bluetooth headphones by AKG will also be available for $99. Additionally, consumers who purchase Galaxy S8 or Galaxy S8+ will be eligible for Platinum Experience Status with Samsung Rewards5. These promotions will last for a limited time and only while supplies last. Terms and conditions apply. Visit samsung.com/us/promotions and samsung.com/platinumexperience for more information. Via: Samsung Post navigation Previous StorySamsung Announces the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+, Arrives April 21 Next StorySamsung Announces New Gear 360, Offers 4K 360-Degree Capture and Live Broadcasting Glennacsturdivant Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj209d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj209d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash209HomeCityGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★:::::!mj209d:….,…. DanSan t-mobile wants $30 down for the S8 but $130 for the S8+? hot damn shelooga what do I do? I can either wait and pre-order an unlocked black or artic one on Thursday (per best buys website), or go with the Verizon one a day earlier. My impulsive side says do it tomorrow through verizon, my nexus side says wait one single measly day TO PREORDER. can the recent samsungs (s7, +, notes) be unlocked/rooted/underclocked? if so, I’ll give in to impulse Cleevens Joseph Best buy have them online For $100 off already Daistaar “A limited edition premium bundle which adds a 256GB memory card and Bluetooth headphones by AKG will also be available for $99” Icing on top of the icing on top of the cake! Dorian Brooks They selling an unlocked version stateside or not? Yargh Yes, it’s coming. Best Buy is showing a page for unlocked version. techmattr If you buy from BestBuy do you still have to pay the activation fees? (VZW) Me The G6 is done illregal shucks.. it got my vote. teebone Not sure what some of you cats are smoking but the S8+ is the unlocked version of the phone. Pre-orders for it start tomorrow as well. steadymobb SO, what color are you all getting!? JLC Thinking about ditching my unlimited grandfathered Verizon plan and going to T-Mobile. Have to decide today so I can pre order this tomorrow. Any advice? Joe What’s holding you back? KleenDroid I’ve never looked back Dorian Brooks I’ll be honest I’m a little torn on the pricing. Samsung S8 The baseline is 5.8″ 64GB @ $720-$750. Apple iPhone 7 The baseline is 4.7″ 32GB @ $650 Bigger screen. More native storage. Plus it under cuts the 7Plus by $50 which it is more akin to in screen size, but the body is still in the basic 7 range. It’s giving me more than the iPhone 7, but the selfish penny pinching human ego side of me still wants it closer to the 7’s $650 price tag. :internal monologue: If I can’t afford it then save up or buy something in my budget. :end internal monologue: Fitim Best Buy has the s8 for $670 -$700 Dorian Brooks Thanks for the heads up on that one mcdonsco Big time pass. I already can’t stand FPR on the back, but then to make it off center as well, no thank you. netanil You can use your eyes or face to unlock in addition to fingerprint. So there’s that. mcdonsco Both of which are well knowing to being really fast and reliable. /s Paul What ever happened to the Note 7 Compensation Program for when the S8 came out? I thought I heard half price S8 for previous Note 7 owners or some type of discount??? steadymobb That was never confirmed, just a wishful rumor that got started and people took to it. There was something in Korea that was kind of similar that they were maybe going to do though…but not in the US technobri Sprint? Mike O Sprint versions $700 & $750 at best buy. Don’t know about Sprint stores. Me Prob $750 & $800. Sprint always upcharges Fitim Best Buy has s8 $50 off and s8+ $100 off plus freebies chris_johns tempted to preorder and sell the gear VR to try to knock off some of the price….but i really want to wait on the pixel 2 before i decide on a new phone…by then this phone will prob be that much cheaper so…i think ima hold off…its either this or pixel 2 though for sure as my next phone…sorry moto, its been real discopunkk So the US isn’t getting the coral blue color option? steadymobb apparently not right now. No gold, either. discopunkk I saw that. Apparently those two colors are region specific. Hoping the same won’t be true for the Note 8. Me Prob at a later time. Turb0wned So two weeks ago Samsung vowed to start giving its unlocked phones monthly security updates. If Samsung is to be believed, the unlocked S8+ might just be worth it. It’s also a bit cheaper on Best Buy. Dominick White I see a lot of people getting this over the LG G6, considering only a 100 dollars difference litobirdy thru best buy, pre order, the g6 and s8 are same price LionStone I’d get the G6 5.7″ with the 3300 mAh battery rather than S8 5.8 and only 3000 mAh… Me More efficient processor, plus LG hasn’t been great on battery life since the G flex. netanil But you get a free Bootloop with the LG! 😛 Corey Dimick Nope, just pre-ordered a G6 after the Sammy conference. Dominick White I said a lot would, not that everyone would Orion This makes me more excited for the Note 8. Daniel Thomas huh? MadMartigan Might (maybe) JoD it from the V20 just to see what it’s like. Not sure though. The lack of anything resembling up-to-date Quick-Charging capability makes me a bit nervous with those mAH numbers. hkklife The only phone that I know of that charges slower than the V20 is the V10 ( I have both), so you’d probably pick up faster charging going to a Samsung device. Still bummed that the new Samsungs don’t have 3,500 and 4,000 mAh batteries, respectively. LionStone The G6 has Quick Charge 3.0 MadMartigan Get a different charger, or check whatever your power source is because something is fucky. My V20 charges from 36% to full in under 40 minutes, and my V10 wasn’t that far from that. The S8 appears to be limited to QC 2.0 according to the other Android site so it would definitely be a step down, assuming power source, charger, and cable are functioning properly. hkklife That’s interesting. I have at least 6 different QC 2.0 or 3.0 chargers (Aukey, Anker, Tronsmart, Samsung) and none of them are very fast at charging either of my LG devices. I have an equally wide array of cables too. MadMartigan Dunno, man. I’d get a meter or something to test what you’re pulling. Something is definitely wrong with your setup and I’m not saying it’s not the phones either. It could just be really bad luck with the phones. I wouldn’t waste your money on any lotto tickets in the near future if I were you, though. 😉 cdm283813 On the pricey side but 64GB is really the saving grace here so I can’t complain. Dave Pricey?! What did you think it was going to be when all rumors were saying close to 1000 anyways?! 750 is “pricey?” Wtf cdm283813 Even Apple has a entry level flagship at $649. That being said paying only $70 more for a 5.8″ 64GB S8 is pretty damn amazing. So yes, I was nitpicking that it’s pricey but it’s a great value compared to top tier competitors. netanil Please. An iPhone 7 may be called a “flagship” but it doesn’t even have full HD! It also lacks a host of other features you can find on phones that cost a fraction of the price. Me All specs aren’t created equal. I’ll take Apple’s color accurate HD screen over a host of 1080p screens on those mid tier android devices. jim anyone get the frontier update yet ? Corey Wiesel Been checking…. but nothing Rashad Not all the colors available for us? That sucks Dave I missed it. Which colors are available here? Adil Tajgeer the US will have the black, the lavender and the silver. no gold or blue : PizzleWizzle Cant decide if i want this phone or to wait for the next Pixel… I’m assuming the Pixel 2 wont have external SD card support or a headphone jack which are both important to me(but not dealbreakers). I love the pure android experience and receiving updates when they come out but what else could the next pixel have that would blow this phone away? Suicide_Note Free hooker and beer when you pre-order. Adil Tajgeer if they use HTC again to build it, the software and camera will be the only great thing about it. while i like my pixel for the most part, the hardware is mediocre at best from a design standpoint. xzero425x Oh I’ll be preordering the S8+, everyone else have fun whining about other things ;P Dave Did they mention or do you know/did i miss somewhere where and when which stores will have models to have and hold and feel in hand? xzero425x Did you ever hold a note 7, it feels like that , not sharp and comfy Dave No. But verizon said they’ll have some tomrorow. rebretz000 I would love a Google Play version or a Google Silver version. Only if the updates came from Google monthly or bi-monthly and not having to rely on Samsung. I just can’t get past the UI. It might be why a loved Motorola phones back in the day when most people complained about Moto-Blur. I preferred the less intrusive, less feature rich Moto-Blur to Sense or Touchwiz. I went through a bunch of old phone reviews the past month and it’s funny how all the sites use to love Sense and Touchwiz for all the extra gizmos they added while hating Moto-Blur for being slim. How times have changed. The Doctor There hasn’t been a Google Play version in a few years. People need to get over it. Chris Butera Just buy the Pixel. Snowbo13 the bezel though… im waiting for the pixel 2 Daistaar I don’t even know that you’d get updates sooner through Google at this point. They’ve been saying Android Wear was live since February and we’re almost in April. No devices have gotten the OTA yet. There’s clearly no OEM hold up here so who do we blame for slow updates now? glimmerman76 I have 2.0 on my urbane 2 LTE and LG sport but it shipped with it. Daistaar New devices seem to be the only ones with the 2.0 Final build. netanil You don’t but a Samsung for the “timely updates,” if you want that you get something from Google – or even Apple. Good_Ole_Pinocchio U Model over at Best Buy https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/67c864b3ba1ed441d5b1d56f30ff4882af37b047f3b414a801d50575f2460f59.png LionStone Ya but no insurance, that’ll be extra, and then we all know how well they update their Unlocked phones… Dave Any news on the updates though? I hate waiting for Verizon, but even they seem quicker than Samsung U Turb0wned Damn…. This is what I want but I’m cared about updates…. Daniel Thomas But pre-order for Unlocked doesn’t start until 5/9 http://www.bestbuy.com/site/clp/samsung-galaxy-s8/pcmcat1489428710715.c?id=pcmcat1489428710715 Chris Kupsco I know this is a dumb question, but can you still use google now and google assistant or are you stuck with Bixby? Suicide_Note You can still use Google Now and Assistant. Suicide_Note Haven’t done this in a while, so hopefully someone can help. I’m planning to buy an S8+ from TMo, which I’m currently on, and pay for it in full. In several months, chances are good I’ll be switching to Verizon. Could i use that same S8+ on Verizon once i pop a VZW sim in it? steadymobb No Dominick White no, but if you get the Verizon model then you can use it on any carrier after you paid it off Suicide_Note Thanks. The unlocked model from Best Buy would probably be the way to go then, right? LionStone Not if you want timely updates, the carriers were updating faster than their Unlocked models Suicide_Note She’s not as concerned with updates, so that won’t be a deal breaker in this case. Dominick White Yes it would be Me Unlocked for all carriers is definitely the way to go Good_Ole_Pinocchio Oh look…. No more than $750 like I’ve been saying….Where are the $1000 phone people? 🤔 Anyway still waiting for that unlocked price. Lucky Armpit Does that mean the unlocked version isn’t available for preorder tomorrow? I was going to order one via Best Buy. Good_Ole_Pinocchio It’s posted at BB right now. Should be available tomorrow. Lucky Armpit Awesome, thank you! Lucky Armpit Never mind, preorders for unlocked don’t start until 3/9. That’s a week from this Sunday, which is an odd date. I’m on Verizon but I want the unlocked version because I don’t wan’t Verizon’s bloat all over my phone. Good_Ole_Pinocchio Dude you just replied to yourself lol. But that’s cool didn’t know it started 4/9. Gives me more time to think since I wouldn’t buy anything but unlocked Daniel Thomas it’s 5/9 http://www.bestbuy.com/site/clp/samsung-galaxy-s8/pcmcat1489428710715.c?id=pcmcat1489428710715 Lucky Armpit Ha, I know…. sorry, was in a rush and clicked wrong. Lucky Armpit And it looks like only the black version for unlocked in the US? I didn’t see any other colors available. Not a dealbreaker but not my first choice. Daniel Thomas 3/9 already passed on my calendar. Best buy site says 5/9 Lucky Armpit Yeah I know. Typo, sorry. randomdog I’m with you, except that you might miss out on wifi calling and “timely” updates. I think S7 unlocked is still on 6.0.1 Daniel Thomas It says pre-order for the Unlocked starts 5/9, not tomorrow. http://www.bestbuy.com/site/clp/samsung-galaxy-s8/pcmcat1489428710715.c?id=pcmcat1489428710715 Ichigo Uzumaki they’re saving the $1K price tag for the Note 8 after taxes…. Good_Ole_Pinocchio I can see that. Probably $900 before taxes. Or they may drop the price of the S8 to match apple at lunch and slot the Note at $850….. Either way. techmattr Well the 8+ on BestBuy is listed for $915.99 right now. Good_Ole_Pinocchio https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/f4745c019aae7e3c05746af0e61186e5fb91f093c06fdbaea6e834c1cf1ea30a.png techmattr http://i.imgur.com/QH5g8Zy.jpg Good_Ole_Pinocchio That price doesn’t matter. They always overcharge for full priced carrier variants because they make more money when you sign a contract through them. Anyone paying full price is paying for the unlocked U variants that I posted. techmattr Yeah but I’d rather not pay monthly and they don’t do contracts anymore. But that works out to a $200 difference… So unless I can get one on eBay for around $750 I guess I’m stuck paying monthly. Paul Morris Chairman of Bing and Google!, is assisting individuals to learn “Work at home” method, that People have been doing for more than one year now. This season alone, I made around $36k up to now with nothing but my PC as well as some spare time, despite that i have a regular nine to five job. Even people not used to this, actually make $50/per h undoubtedly and the gains may go much higher over time… This is how i started >> http://adultadda.net/2Y4 Glennacsturdivant Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj209d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj209d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash209HomeCityGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★:::::!mj209d:….,….. Stabby McKnifington Any word on International/Unlocked? Good_Ole_Pinocchio See my post above. $725 Stabby McKnifington Nice. Though I think I made the right call getting an international s7 last time. I might wait for that. Suicide_Note Available at Best Buy. Daniel Thomas Pre-order starts 5/9 for unlocked at Best Buy Stabby McKnifington Sorry, I said “/” and I really just meant the international version Jon Now if only it was the exact phone spec and feature wise.. but without the retarded edge screen. Worst thing I have ever seen. Cases are a nightmare. Using is a nightmare. Also more likely for screen to crack when dropped and way more expensive to fix. RDPaPa-G Ah yes, a nightmare for you. So because of that they should just redesign their entire phone…for you! Jon Um? I’m simply talking about my opinion of the phone. I’ll try to not have one anymore…for you! Daistaar That’s very considerate. I would have just ignored lol. Have your looked at the G6? While it’s still a 821, it’s not too shabby. Kind of a bezeless Note 7, without edges. LionStone Every time I go in the phone store, people in there with their cracked Sammie’s BG Yes, because samsung are the only phones with cracked screens…. LionStone Well since Sammy sells a crap ton of devices, it’s natural a lot get returned, simple. techer Worked for verizon repairs. Samsung phones actually has a really low failure rate compared to how many phones they sell. You would be surprised at how much higher some return rates were for other manufacturer. Motorola and HTC was considered high, but there were certain companies that were even worse. It’s easy for us to pick up Samsung phones, because it doesn’t matter what people say, all we know is people return Samsung phones at very low rates. That is why every phone company in America will promote the crap out of Samsung phones. It sells, and it doesn’t cause us headaches. Raven ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yup, it may not be the new hotness, but I still love my Droid Turbo 2 with ShatterShield. No case and no worries about cracks. Me Working in a phone store, I see more cracked 7E’s than 7’s rebretz000 I’m with you. Not a fan of the edge display. I don’t even like the 2.5d curved edges of the Pixel, HTC 10, or iPhone or all the other phones that use it. I liked the the completely flat screens of the 5X and 6P. Tempered glass screen protectors covered the entire thing. Tyler Durden Get immersed. Get the new Gear VR with Controller for free, plus Oculus content bonus when you pre-order the Galaxy S8 or Galaxy S8+.* Get even more. For a limited time you can add premium headphones by AKG and a 256GB memory card for just $99.* That’s a decent deal. Does it come with AKG earpieces in box? https://samsungpromotions.com/infinitelyimmersive.html Good_Ole_Pinocchio All of the phones come with the AKG buds. They just mentioned it on the stream. that’s a big plus. Tyler Durden “buds” but these headphones look much nicer. I’d do it for the MicroSD alone since I don’t think it’s been cheaper. Adil Tajgeer i can’t seem to find anything saying if the in box ones are wired or wireless…have you? Good_Ole_Pinocchio Definitely wired. Adil Tajgeer Ah boo, I guess I can’t complain for free… Me Yup. Hopefully Apple matches with beats out of the box. DanSan keep the VR and give me the SD card Kon-Kon Chao As much as I want this phone, I am going to force myself to wait until Apple unveils their next iPhone. The only reason I’m even considering getting an iPhone is because of the Android messaging clusterfuck Google has created. Unless they announce something awesome (some iMessage equivalent for Android) beforehand that is. I would much rather stick with an Android phone since I’ve been using them since the Nexus One. Ryan Pretty much my thoughts exactly jak_341 Yep. The new iPhone rumors are insane. Have to at least see how many are going to be true. Dave Which rumors? None that I’ve heard have been that amazing. To be fair, I haven’t really checked up on them often, just whenever I see a link or article about it. Tyler Durden https://www.macrumors.com/roundup/iphone-8/ Dave Eh, still nothing jumping out at me personally. A lot of those rumors i’ve seen go back and forth though too. Curved screen, no curves. USB C, no C, wireless, no wireless. Implementing the camera touch like inside or whatever seems kinda cool but eh. Speaking of, did Samsung mention the equivalent for double pressing the home button for their camera on these phones? sc0rch3d it’s a sad state of technology where we have to choose a prison to get the benefits we want. I’ve heard that the google experience on IOS is pretty good, lacking a lot of deep integration. Apple has created a hero and villain in iMessage…if only they would open up the platform or conversely trash it to adopt RCS. Kevin Chaos Well put. I know RCS will eventually catch on. But I have no idea how long we’ll have to wait since it’s up to the carriers. I am pretty sure the Google experience is on par or even better sometimes. Google seems to update their apps on iOS faster too. Duffman I’m 100% in the same boat. I’m about to start a job where I will be traveling a lot, out of the country as well. Since iMessage can work over wifi, I’m really thinking about jumping ship. I too have also been on Android since the Nexus One. So you’re not alone. sc0rch3d Textra has been a great messaging app and I’m REALLY fond of whatsapp (we use it a lot for international team members). Gave up GV b/c Google seems to treat it like and on/off again ex gf. Duffman WhatsApp is nice but then I have to ask friends and family to download another app. And I don’t believe Textra does RCS, at least it didn’t back in the day when I used it. That’s the problem, Google can’t even make a competing messaging app, it’s kind of pathetic. Bobb What is the messaging clusterfuck? Between Textra and Whatsapp I have zero issues. Just because Google can’t decide on apps doesn’t mean you can’t Downshifting✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ You will regret it, I got the iPhone when they discontinued the Note 7 and boy it was the worst decision ever. Although iMessage is good because I can send files, 4k videos, buy movie tickets and how it shows a preview of webpages you share it’s definitely not that huge of a thing for me to keep this phone. mickeyB88 What don’t you like about it? I’ve been thinking more and more of switching over since I got my S7. jshep23 I’d get the S8+ if I could throw HTC Sense on it Chris Kupsco For real HTC Sense is far and away the best skin. I am interested to see what sense 9 looks like on the U or Ocean or whatever they are calling it Me Wait for the new U glimmerman76 thats the sad thing last year HTC did allow sense on other phones from the play store. JRamsey Why does it cost more on T mobile per month after a down-payment…. hmmmmm Prox Unless AT&T is greater than 24 months their math is wrong. Murphy’s Magnet It doesn’t mention how much you have to put down on AT&T or how long you have to pay. Adil Tajgeer unless it was updated, the 24/mo on tmo and at&t both come out to 750 (31.25×24 and 30+(30×24)) Tyler Durden “Samsung’s Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ will be the first smartphones ever to simultaneously harness the power of three advanced LTE technologies already built in to the T-Mobile network—including 4×4 MIMO, carrier aggregation and 256 QAM. Only the Un-carrier’s network has this trifecta of speed-boosting technologies. T-Mobile achieved a global first with the rollout of 4×4 MIMO last year, and has launched more LTE Advanced technologies than anyone else in the industry. In addition, the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ will be the very first devices that enable T-Mobile customers to use LTE-U to tap into underutilized unlicensed spectrum on the 5 GHz band. T-Mobile already has more capacity per subscriber than AT&T and Verizon, and the addition of LTE-U will only extend that lead and further improve the Un-carrier’s blazing-fast speeds. And, LTE-U will make it possible for T-Mobile to bring its forthcoming Gigabit LTE to more places across the country. And then there’s this… Samsung’s latest superphones will also be able to tap into T-Mobile’s new AWS-3 spectrum. Translation? Even more capacity and even more speed.” https://newsroom.t-mobile.com/news-and-blogs/samsung-galaxy-s8-preorder-amazingness-and-ludicrous-lte-speeds.htm nice LionStone That is nice, but I’d rather have faster updates for flagships, Sammy always behind… Devices these days already have blazing fast computing power. Murphy’s Magnet He is talking about connection and download speeds. LionStone I know wade_county If you care about updates, you’re probably updating your phone every year. Which in the end, updates shouldn’t matter to you because you’re getting a new version of android with every new phone you get. PoisonApple31 I stopped reading after T-Mobile. Tyler Durden I get great service and even more now BobButtons Great for those who fall under T-Mobile’s coverage. Wish they’d chip a bit away at the speed investment and focus a bit more on letting people actually connect to the network. It’s better than it was but they still have a long ways to go. Orlando aka Pixel XL $750.00 not bad, I paid $869 got 128 gb Pixel XL… LionStone After taxes, then phone insurance… It’ll be right up there under a thousand dollars! Not bad? Butane87 Phone insurance? What’s that? Fozzybare insurance for your phone. cmon man. TigerStone Then go to Best Buy to get $100 off, and a free VR headset/controller. So get the phone for $650 with a free VR bundle and free oculus game pack. I understand you want to prove so badly that Samsung phones are overpriced, but tell me a better deal for a flagship 835 chip phone. illregal expensive cheap crap Orlando aka Pixel XL Tampon boy Corey Wiesel Is this AM or PM??? jshep23 Neither. It’s Canadian Time (EHT) litobirdy wow $750? VERYYYY surprising New_Guy Welp, I’m sold Ryan Markwald “…Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ will begin at 12:01 EDT on March 30, 20173…” That is a LONG time to wait for this phone. I bet Saygus V Squared still won’t be released by then. About Droid Life We consider ourselves to have the greatest Android community in the world, here at Droid Life. We talk general news, feature apps, review phones, and even teach you how to hack a little. But most importantly, there is no place on the internet that has the reader participation that we do and consider ourselves to be completely community driven. If you were looking for the best place to learn about Android and talk with like-minded folks about all things tech, then Droid Life is for you. Follow Us Facebook Google+ YouTube Twitter Subscribe © DRD Life Inc. About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Handcrafted by Coulee Creative.
Login Login Log In Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? Register Forgotten Password Cancel Register For This Site A password will be e-mailed to you. Username E-mail Videos News Reviews Music U Q&A Style U Bio U Shop Photos Horoscope U Ask U Sports More Comedy U View U Rants U Travel Counting Crows And Matchbox Twenty’s Upcoming Joint Tour [TICKET INFO] - NEW YORK, NY - SEPTEMBER 03: Rob Thomas of Matchbox Twenty performs on NBC's "Today" at Rockefeller Plaza on September 3, 2012 in New York City. (Photo by Ilya S. Savenok/Getty Images) Full view NEW YORK, NY - SEPTEMBER 03: Rob Thomas of Matchbox Twenty performs on NBC's "Today" at Rockefeller Plaza on September 3, 2012 in New York City. (Photo by Ilya S. Savenok/Getty Images) Counting Crows And Matchbox Twenty’s Upcoming Joint Tour [TICKET INFO]    Kate Chia March 28, 2017March 28, 2017March 28, 2017News, News Feed, Uncategorized > For the second year in a row, Counting Crows and Matchbox Twenty will team up for a joint tour called “A Brief History of Everything Tour 2017.” The tour will span from July 12 to October 1. Get Tickets: Counting Crows and Matchbox Twenty’s Joint Tour The tour will kick off at the Spokane Arena in Washington on July 12. From there, the bands will stop in the Canadian cities of Edmonton and Vancouver. They will then spend the rest of July focusing on the West Coast. In August, the tour will make stops in Arizona, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Alabama, Tennessee, Georgia, Florida, North Carolina, Virginia, New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania. In September, they will visit Connecticut, Virginia, Ontario, Massachusetts, New York, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Minnesota, Illinois, Ohio, Indiana, Missouri and Texas. The tour will then close with a show in Dallas, Texas, on October 1. “No matter what I will ever do, nothing feels like home as much as playing these songs with these guys and it never will,” said Matchbox Twenty lead singer-songwriter Rob Thomas. “And I can’t wait to spend another summer out there on the road with the Crows.” “To be honest, we took a vote after last year and decided to spend every summer with Rob from now on,” chimed Counting Crows’ frontman Adam Duritz. “Can. Not. Wait.” The two rock bands have proved to have electric on-stage chemistry before, and this year should be no different. This year marks the 20th anniversary of Matchbox Twenty’s debut album Yourself or Someone Like You, certified 12 times platinum. The Counting Crows debuted in 1993 with August and Everything After.  Both bands were at the peak of their popularity back in the ’90s. Matchbox Twenty last released an album in 2012, titled North, while Counting Crows last released Somewhere under Wonderland in 2014. The full list of tour dates and locations is below: July 12: Spokane, Washington — Spokane Arena July 14: Edmonton, Alberta — Rogers Place July 16: Vancouver, British Columbia: Pepsi Live at Rogers Arena July 18: Auburn, Washington — White River Amphitheater July 19: Ridgefield, Washington — Sunlight Supply Amphitheater July 21: Mountain View, California — Shoreline Amphitheater July 22: Paso Robles, California — California Mid State Fair July 24: Murphys, California — Ironstone Amphitheater July 26: Reno, Nevada — Grand Theatre July 28: Chula Vista, California — Mattress Firm Amphitheater July 29: Las Vegas, Nevada — Mandalay Bay Events Center July 31: Los Angeles, California — The Forum August 2: Phoenix, Arizona — Ak-Chin Pavilion August 4: Albuquerque, New Mexico — Isleta Amphitheater August 6: Oklahoma City, Oklahoma — Zoo Amphitheater August 7: Rogers, Arkansas — Walmart Music Pavilion August 9: Pelham, Alabama — Oak Mountain Amphitheater August 12: Nashville, Tennesse — Bridgestone Arena August 13: Atlanta, Georgia — Lakewood Amphitheater August 15: Tampa, Florida — Credit Union Amphitheater August 16: West Palm Beach, Florida — Perfect Vodka Amphitheater August 19: Jacksonville, Florida — Daily’s Place August 20: Charlotte, North Carolina — PNC Music Pavilion August 22: Raleigh, North Carolina — Walnut Creek August 23: Virginia Beach, Virginia — Home Loans Amphitheater August 25: Saratoga Springs, New York — Performing Arts Center August 26: Camden, New Jersey — BB&T Pavilion August 28: Hershey, Pennsylvania — Hersheypark Stadium August 29: Holmdel, New Jersey — PNC Bank Arts Center August 31: Wantagh, New York — Jones Beach Theater September 2: Hartford, Connecticut — The Xfinity Theatre September 3: Bristow, Virginia — Jiffy Lube Live September 6: Toronto, Ontario — Budweiser Stage September 8: Boston, Massachusetts — Xfinity Center September 9: Syracuse, New York — Lakeview Amphitheater September 11: Darien Center, New York — Darien Lake Amphitheater September 12: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania — KeyBank Pavilion September 14: Mount Pleasant, Michigan — Soaring Eagle Resort September 16: Welch, Minnesota — Treasure Island Resort September 17: Chicago, Illinois — Hollywood Amphitheater September 20: Cleveland, Ohio — Blossom Music Center September 21: Cincinnati, Ohio — Riverbend Music Center September 23: Detroit, Michigan — DTE Music Theatre September 24: Indianapolis, Indiana — Klipsch Music Center September 26: St. Louis, Missouri — Hollywood Amphitheater September 27: Kansas City, Missouri — Starlight Theater September 30: Houston, Texas — Woods Mitchell Pavilion October 1: Dallas, Texas — Irving Music Factory Click here for the Oscars 2017: 10 Best Dressed Photos Slideshow Chat With uInterview On Facebook! Get latest news, interviews and horoscopes delivered directly to your Messenger! Chat now Article by Kate Chia Get the free uInterview mobile app for the latest celebrity news and videos iPhone Android Read more about: Counting Crows matchbox 20 Tour RELATED ARTICLES Paul Simon Announces A Concert Tour For Charity The Chainsmokers Announce Debut Album And Upcoming Tour [TICKET INFO] U2 Announces International ‘Joshua Tree’ Tour, Will Play At Bonnaroo [Ticket Info] Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Featured on uSports.org Miami Open 2017: Federer And Nadal Advance To Quarter-Final, Alexander Zverev Beats Stan Wawrinka 29 March 2017 Christian Pulisic, Clint Dempsey Lead USMNT To 1-1 World Cup Qualifier Tie vs Panama 29 March 2017 Wizards Top Lakers 119-108 To Clinch First Division Title Since 1979 29 March 2017 Arsenal’s Alexis Sanchez Pursued By Bayern Munich, Chelsea As Summer Transfer 29 March 2017 Lionel Messi Suspended For Argentina’s Next Four Games After Insulting Official In World Cup Qualifier 28 March 2017 NFL Passes New Rules: No Leaping To Block Field Goals, Automatic Ejections For Head Hits, And More 28 March 2017 Skip Bayless Explains Why Tom Brady Playing For Six Or Seven More Years Isn’t Completely Ridiculous 28 March 2017 U.S. Men’s National Team Vs Panama 2018 World Cup Qualifier Preview: Game Start Time, TV Channel, Streaming Info 28 March 2017 Roger Federer Advances To Fourth Round Of Miami Open With Win vs Juan Martin Del Potro 28 March 2017 Join the uInterview community by following us on social media and downloading our mobile apps. Newsletter Subscribe to our newsletter to get updates from our website SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER Partners Recent Posts Libra Horoscope: March 30, 2017 Sagittarius Horoscope: March 30, 2017 Capricorn Horoscope: March 30, 2017 Aries Horoscope: March 30, 2017 Virgo Horoscope: March 30, 2017 Leo Horoscope: March 30, 2017 Taurus Horoscope: March 30, 2017 Today’s Daily Horoscope: March 30, 2017 Pisces Horoscope: March 30, 2017 Cancer Horoscope: March 30, 2017 Popular Posts ‘Jumanji’ Remake To Get 21st Century Update, Starring Dwayne Johnson Cuba Gooding, Jr. Takes Heat For Lifting Sarah Paulson’s Dress United Airlines Bars Girls In Leggings From Boarding Flight: Patricia Arquette, Chrissy Teigen Weighs In Joint Memorial Service Held For Carrie Fisher And Debbie Reynolds Adele Performs Tribute To London Attack Victims At Concert In New Zealand [VIDEO] © 2017 uInterview, Inc. Editor’s Note Masthead Advertise Contact Privacy Terms UGC Video Production uInterviewTV Pre-roll Marketplace uSports ×Close Subscribe! Subscribe to the uInterview Cheat Sheet for the latest insider entertainment news! Win Prizes Weekly Exclusively For Cheat Sheet Subscribers!
Grow Your Business - Advertise on ParamusPost.com! Login Log In to The Paramus Post - Greater Paramus News and Lifestyle Webzine Please enter your user name and password below. Login Forgot Password No Account Yet? Sign Up! Thursday, March 30 2017 @ 03:01 AM EDT Thursday, March 30 2017 @ 03:01 AM EDT HOME NEWS EVENTS FREE SUBSCRIPTION PARTICIPATE Command and Control News Release Guidlines Submit Story Add Event Letter to Editor CONTACTS Send Article or Press Release Contact Paramus Post LOGIN HOME NEWS EVENTS FREE SUBSCRIPTION PARTICIPATE Command and Control News Release Guidlines Submit Story Add Event Letter to Editor CONTACTS Send Article or Press Release Contact Paramus Post Paramus, NJ 37.2℉ Industry Veteran Michael Nevins Joins Cushman &Wakefield As City Lead, Asset Services For New Jersey Market by Post Wednesday, March 29 2017 @ 11:04 AM EDT Posted in News & Views EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. – March 29, 2017 – Cushman & Wakefield announced today that respected industry veteran Michael Nevins has joined the organization as City Lead, Asset Services for the New Jersey market. In his new role, Mr. Nevins will be responsible for operations, new business development, and financial oversight of the Asset Services business in the Garden State. He will also focus on recruiting top industry professionals, team engagement, cultivating best practices, and executing consistent processes and procedures. “Michael’s dynamic leadership skills and ability to cultivate long-lasting client relationships makes him a valuable member of the Cushman & Wakefield team,” said Joseph A. Manasseri, Senior Managing Director of Asset Services for Cushman & Wakefield’s Tri-State Region. “We are pleased to welcome this great addition to our talented roster as we continue to grow, and expand our market leadership.” With more than 25 years of experience in commercial real estate, Mr. Nevins was most recently with Onyx Equities, LLC where he was a Senior Vice President, Asset Management & Leasing. There he was jointly responsible for the management and stabilization of the company’s portfolio of receivership and third party owned office, industrial, and retail assets located in various markets on the East Coast. Earlier in his career he served in a senior position with Mack-Cali Realty Corp. Mr. Nevins states: “This wonderful opportunity grants me the privilege of working alongside Cushman & Wakefield’s outstanding real estate professionals, many of whom I have worked closely with over the years. I am very much looking forward to this new and exciting role while continuing to build my career within this prestigious firm.” Throughout his career, Mr. Nevins has managed properties on behalf of numerous institutional clients including Invesco Real Estate, Rockwood Capital, Genworth, Citibank, Artemis, CWCapital Asset Management, C-III Asset Management, LNR Partners, Orix Capital Markets and Torchlight Investors and completed over 6 million square feet of office, medical office, retail and industrial lease transactions with numerous Fortune 500 tenants including Bank of America/Merrill Lynch, Met Life, Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan Chase, UBS, Morgan Stanley Smith Barney, AIG, Ernst & Young, Dun & Bradstreet, Liberty Mutual Insurance Company, Mercedes-Benz, Pfizer, Johnson & Johnson, IBM, Kraft Foods, Port Authority of NY & NJ, Realogy, Walmart, Best Buy, TJX and  AT&T. About Cushman & Wakefield Cushman & Wakefield is a leading global real estate services firm that helps clients transform the way people work, shop, and live. Our 43,000 employees in more than 60 countries help investors and occupiers optimize the value of their real estate by combining our global perspective and deep local knowledge with an impressive platform of real estate solutions. Cushman & Wakefield is among the largest commercial real estate services firms with revenue of $5 billion across core services of agency leasing, asset services, capital markets, facility services (C&W Services), global occupier services, investment & asset management (DTZ Investors), project & development services, tenant representation, and valuation & advisory. To learn more, visit www.cushmanwakefield.com or follow @CushWake on Twitter. Advertisement Advertisement Share It! What's Related More by Post More from News & Views Story Options Mail Story to a Friend Subscribe to 'The Paramus Post' Industry Veteran Michael Nevins Joins Cushman &Wakefield As City Lead, Asset Services For New Jersey Market 0 comments Login required to comment Newest First Oldest First Flat Nested No Comments Threaded Refresh Comments Newest First Oldest First Flat Nested No Comments Threaded Refresh Advertisement Top 10 Stories in 30 Days SOHN CONFERENCE FOUNDATION GRANT SUPPORTS GROUNDBREAKING NEUROBLASTOMA CLINICAL TRIAL AT HACKENSACK UNIVERSITY MEDICAL CENTER New Jersey Entrepreneurs’ Organization (EO) Names Rutgers University Student Regional Winner in Global Student Entrepreneur Awar Pho Miu Vietnamese Restaurant Is A Family Affair Bergen County Authorizes Shared Service Contract with Dumont Board of Education for Vehicle Maintenance and Repair Monmouth University Announces Retirement of President Paul R. Brown CHEVYS FRESH MEX LAUNCHES QUESADILLA MADNESS MENU Bergenfield, N.J. Sailor reflects on 75th Anniversary of World War II Holy Name Medical Center Launches First Asian Indian Medical Program in US Complimentary Cardiac and Concussion Screenings hosted by JSMC and Morahan Center THE 24th ANNUAL INTERNATIONAL RESTAURANT & FOODSERVICE SHOW OF NEW YORK OPENS SUNDAY AT THE JAVITS CENTER Advertisement Recent News “Tastings & Tapas” Event at Jack Daniels Porsche A Huge Success! The Maker Movement Comes to Town … Newark Museum hosts the Greater Newark Mini Maker Faire NNJCF'S ARTSBERGEN Announces Call for Artists for Creative Hackensack’s “The Utility ARTBox Project” The Provident Bank Foundation Announces New Signature Grant Opportunity in Education Funding Priority Area When and What to Shred, Discard or Keep Financial Documents Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Jersey to invest $985,000 to revitalize three New Jersey cities Robbery Arrest in Paramus BERKELEY COLLEGE GIVES BACK TO COMMUNITY WITH NEW JERSEY DEVILS AT PRUDENTIAL CENTER Bergen Freeholders Authorize Kitchen Upgrades at Spring House for Women as Part of Overall Renovations THE MILLS AT JERSEY GARDENS HOSTS NEW JERSEY YOUTH SYMPHONY’S 33rd ANNUAL PLAYATHON Advertisement Trinity Presbyterian Church Join the purpose driven church exercising faith, hope, and love because nothing else matters... www.TrinityFamily.org Spivak Lighting Lamp Repairs, Chandeliers, Track Lighting, Outdoor Lamps, Recess Lighting, Paddle Fans, Consultation www.spivaklighting.com StoneMicro Web Technologies Dynamic Website Development, Content Management System, Blogs, Web design, Web hosting services www.StoneMicro.com Sponsor ParamusPost Copyright © 2017 The Paramus Post - Greater Paramus News and Lifestyle Webzine AdChoices
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us This is the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus (Specs, Price, Features, Release Date) +7,367 Quentyn Kennemer Mar 29th, 2017 It’s finally here! The Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus have been fully unveiled for the world to see. These 2 represent Samsung’s next big evolution in smartphone design, and boy is it a massive step for them. They ditch home buttons, stretch the screens to unimaginable lengths without making them unwieldy beasts, and they come with a powerful new virtual assistant who is cool enough to have his very own hardware button. And they’re Samsung phones, so you know they’re going to be beasts in all the other typical areas, too. We’ll have photos, video, impressions, comparison, and more coverage all throughout the day, and we’ll be updating this article with links to all that coverage as soon as it’s up, so keep checking back! Galaxy S8 Coverage Galaxy S8 Specs Galaxy S8 Plus Specs Galaxy S8 Price Galaxy S8 vs The Best Alternatives Galaxy S8 Plus vs The Best Alternatives Galaxy S8 vs Galaxy S7 Galaxy S8 Plus vs Galaxy S7 Edge Galaxy S8 vs S8 Plus: What’s the Difference? Look ahead to the press release for all the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus information you crave. UPDATE: Pricing info is now available. Here’s what we’re looking at… AT&T Galaxy S8 – $750 Galaxy S8+ – $850 T-Mobile Galaxy S8- $750 Galaxy S8+ – $850 Verizon Galaxy S8 – $720 Galaxy S8+ – $840 Unlocked The unlocked version of the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus will be available at Best Buy on May 9th. This version will come free of carrier bloatware/apps and in theory, should receive major software updates faster than its carrier branded counterparts. Links provided below. Galaxy S8 (unlocked) – $725 Galaxy S8+ (unlocked) – $825 Press Release Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ Deliver Stunning Infinity Display, Connected Ecosystem of Services and Intelligent Interface On sale in the United States on April 21; preorders begin March 30 with exclusive offer NEW YORK, NY – MARCH 29, 2017 – Samsung Electronics America Inc., introduces the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+, which push the boundaries of traditional smartphones with seamless hardware design and a variety of new service offerings. With a stunning Infinity Display for immersive viewing experiences and the introduction of new services and apps, Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ bring a new level of functionality and convenience, opening up a galaxy of possibilities. “The Samsung Galaxy S8 ushers in a new era of smartphone design and fantastic new services, opening up new ways to experience the world,” said DJ Koh, President of Mobile Communications Business, Samsung Electronics. “The Galaxy S8 is our testament to regaining your trust by redefining what’s possible in safety and marks a new milestone in Samsung’s smartphone legacy.” See and Experience More The Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ build on Samsung’s heritage of creating stunning designs and beautiful, functional devices. Available in 5.8-inch (Galaxy S8) and 6.2-inch models (Galaxy S8+), the Infinity Display and near bezel-less design form a smooth, continuous surface without harsh angles. The result is a large display, not a large phone. The compact design enables comfortable one-handed operation and features Corning® Gorilla® Glass 5 on both the front and back. The Galaxy Foundation In addition to the new design innovations, Samsung continues to build on the Galaxy foundation, delivering cutting-edge technology, including an advanced camera and enhanced performance that has been the hallmark of Galaxy flagship smartphones. Premium Camera: The Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ are equipped with an advanced 8MP F1.7 Smart autofocus front camera and 12MP F1.7 Dual Pixel rear camera for the best low-light, zoom and anti-blur photos with enhanced image processing1. Powerful Performance: Packing powerful performance and connectivity, the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ feature the industry’s first 10 nm chip, enabling heightened speed and efficiency. Robust Entertainment: As the world’s first mobile device certified by the UHD Alliance as MOBILE HDR PREMIUMTM, Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ let you see much richer colors and more immersive experiences while watching your favorite shows. In addition, the devices offer next-level gaming experiences with vivid and superior graphic technology, as well as Game Pack, featuring top game titles, including select titles supported by the Vulkan API. Mobile Security: Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ are built on Samsung Knox, a defense-grade security platform2. In addition, the devices will offer a selection of biometric authentication, including a fingerprint scanner and iris scanner so users can select the method that works best for them. The Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ will also come with the foundational Galaxy features that our customers have come to love, including: IP68 water and dust resistance MicroSD support up to 256GB Always-on display Fast and wireless charging capabilities A New Way to Interact with Your Phone  Bixby is an intelligent interface that will help users get more out of their phone. With the new Bixby button, you will be able to conveniently access Bixby and navigate through services and apps with simple voice, touch and text commands. Contextual awareness capabilities enable Bixby to offer personalized help based on what it continues to learn about the user’s interests, situation and location. Users can easily shop, search for images and get details about nearby places with Bixby’s image recognition technology. Beyond the Phone Experience The Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ power a robust portfolio of products and services, elevating the experience for premiere mobile productivity and connectivity. The Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ are at the center of the new Gear VR with Controller, powered by Oculus. The new controller enables combined motion sensors, touchpad controls and a dedicated trigger, offering an even more intuitive, convenient and expressive way to interact and immerse in Gear VR. The new smartphones will also connect to the new Gear 360, capable of capturing up to 4K 360-degree videos, 15MP photos and 2K live streaming. Leveraging the processing power of the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ for enhanced productivity, Samsung DeX is a unique solution that transforms these Android-based smartphones into secure desktops. With DeX, users can easily display and edit data from their phone, making working from a smartphone on the go faster and smarter. In addition, Samsung Connect simplifies smart IoT device management. With Samsung Connect, users can easily activate Samsung and SmartThings IoT-enabled devices through a quick three-step configuration process and manage all connected devices through one integrated app. U.S. Availability In the U.S., the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ will be available in Midnight Black, Orchid Gray and Arctic Silver. Pre-orders for both Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ will begin at 12:01 EDT on March 30, 20173. AT&T, Cricket Wireless, Sprint, Straight Talk Wireless, T-Mobile, U.S. Cellular, and Verizon Wireless will carry the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ in stores beginning April 21. In addition, the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ will be available at all Best Buy stores as well as BestBuy.com, ShopSamsung app, Target and Walmart. Gear VR with Controller will be available beginning April 21, 2017 for $129.99. The Controller will also be sold separately beginning April 21, 2017 for $39.99. Consumers who pre-order a Galaxy S8 or Galaxy S8+ will receive a free Gear VR headset with Controller and Oculus content4. A limited edition premium bundle which adds a 256GB memory card and Bluetooth headphones by AKG will also be available for $99. Additionally, consumers who purchase Galaxy S8 or Galaxy S8+ will be eligible for Platinum Experience Status with Samsung Rewards5. These promotions will last for a limited time and only while supplies last. Terms and conditions apply. Visit samsung.com/us/promotions and samsung.com/platinumexperience for more information. For additional product information, please visit http://news.samsung.com/us or www.samsung.com/galaxy.  Samsung Care Coinciding with the launch of Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ is the introduction of Samsung Premium Care – the highest level of Samsung customer care designed to provide support to consumers. Premium Care provides one-on-one, 24/7 technical support and assistance for everything from the set-up of your device to device training to hand delivery of a replacement should something happen to your phone with our extended warranty. Samsung Premium Care is free for the first 30 days with your new Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+6. For more information, please visit: http://www.samsung.com/us/support/premium-care/. local_offer    Samsung   Samsung Galaxy S8   Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (20) stars Further Reading Pre-orders for unlocked Samsung Galaxy S8/Plus start May 9th Samsung announces the new Gear 360 camera Everything you need to know: Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Pre-order the Galaxy S8 from Amazon Deal: Free Samsung Gear VR with Galaxy S8 stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertGalaxy S8 leaks show multiple angles closeHere’s the Galaxy S8 from almost every angle imaginable In case you haven’t gotten enough of the Galaxy S8, here’s another set of photos to get you excited for next week’s unveiling. 2 more_vertHere are some high-quality shots of the Galax closeHere are some high-quality shots of the Galaxy S8 Plus A new series of images show off various interface aspects of the Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus. The images also show a brief size comparison to the LG V20. 3 more_vertNew Galaxy S8 leak sheds light on warranty program closeSamsung has been keeping some secrets on the Galaxy S8, until now Roland Quandt of WinFuture was able to get his hands on an array of new press images of the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus, while also sharing details we have yet to see leaked. 4 more_vertAndroid Auto vs Apple CarPlay ends in embarrassment [VIDEO] closeWatch a smug Apple CarPlay fanboy get owned by Android Auto [VIDEO] What happens when you pit Android Auto and Apple CarPlay against each other in an impromptu head-to-head battle? Well, one fanboy walks away with a severely bruised ego. 5 more_vertSamsung Galaxy S8 user guide leaked, here are the key features closeSamsung Galaxy S8’s entire user guide leaked, here are the key features Tomorrow the Samsung Galaxy S8 will be officially unveiled at their big event in New York. Before Samsung could even do the honors, it appears an employee may have jumped the gun, posting the entire user guide online for all to see. 6 more_vert10 new actions have been added to the Google Home's arsenal closeYou can now ask Google Home to help you build your own PC A series of new actions have been added to Google Assistant, making it easy to do things such as control your Roomba or keep track of expiration dates for your food. 7 more_vertQualcomm blocked Samsung closeQualcomm blocked Samsung from selling their Exynos chip to other OEMs The Exynos chips have been made exclusively for Samsung phones, but apparently, Samsung tried to sell them to other manufacturers. A new report claims Qualcomm prevented that from happening. 8 more_vertMichael Kors announces 2 new Android Wear watches closeMichael Kors announces 2 new Android Wear 2.0 watches without the ugly flat tire Fossil-owned fashion brand Michael Kors has announced 2 new Access smartwatches for launch this year. They’ll be donning Android Wear 2.0 and have some significant improvements. 9 more_vertFree App of the Week debuts on the Play Store closeGoogle introduces a “Free App of the Week” section on the Play Store Google has introduced a new “Free App of the Week” section on the Play Store, which takes a paid app or game and offers it for free for a whole week. 10 more_vertOfficial Samsung Galaxy S8 accessories leaked closeOfficial Samsung Galaxy S8 accessories leaked along with pricing info A number of high quality images have leaked showing official Galaxy S8 accessories. Check out the post for a look at Samsung’s DeX Station and a handful of different cases Samsung will be offering, but they wont come cheap. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
StyleCaster StyleCaster Fashion Beauty Lifestyle Entertainment SCtv StyleCaster StyleCaster StyleCaster Fashion Beauty Lifestyle Entertainment SCtv StyleCaster StyleCaster Share Facebook Pinterest Twitter Tumblr The Best *Natural, Nontoxic* Lipstick What's hot The 5 Biggest, Most-Asked Beauty Questions, Answered... The 13 Prettiest Rose-Gold Eyeshadow Palettes You... 5 Drugstore Dupes That Makeup Artists Swear By This Moisturizer Will Give You The Glowiest, Perfect... 7 of the Most Bizarre Beauty Trends of 2017 StyleCaster The Best *Natural, Nontoxic* Lipstick Facebook Pinterest Twitter Tumblr 0 byBibi Deitz 13 Shares 17 hours ago 9 Start slideshow Photo: Getty Whether you prefer your lipstick without a side of crushed beetle (sorry) or you just like your lips to be free of parabens (again, sorry), there are lots of options out there to keep your lips looking bright and feeling healthy. After all, women who wear lipstick regularly wind up eating quite a bit of the stuff over the course of their lifetimes. If you’re going to be wearing it (and eating it) on the daily, why not be sure it’s made of things you would actually want in your body—and you can actually pronounce? MORE: The 60 Most Naked Celebrity Instagram Photos of All Time Since the FDA tested 400 mainstream lipsticks and found lead in all of them, it’s safe to say that your go-to lipstick probably has some weird—and potentially toxic—stuff in it. If you’re looking for an alternative, look no further. Ahead, discover nine lipstick brands that are formulated with ingredients that you can feel good about putting in your body, rather than worrying whether your cosmetics might slowly be having some adverse effect on your body. MORE: The 30 Most (NOT-FAMOUS!) Naked Women on Instagram 0 Thoughts? 1 of 9 Dr. Hauschka Lipstick in Iridescent Bronze, $25; at DermStore Photo: DermStore Jane Iredale PureMoist Lipstic in Live in Full Bloom, $25; at Jane Iredale Photo: Jane Iredale Ilia Lipstick in Perfect Day, $26; at Ilia Beauty Photo: Ilia Beauty Colorganics Hemp Organics Lipstick in Wild Plum, $18.73; at Lucky Vitamin Photo: Lucky Vitamin Burt's Bees 100% Natural Moisturizing Lipstick in Blush Basin, $8.47; at Walmart Photo: Walmart Pacifica Devocean Lipstick in Natural Mystic, $10; at Ulta Photo: Ulta Golden Door Tinted Lip Treatment in Berry, $26; at Golden Door Vapour Organic Beauty Siren Lipstick in Naive, $25; at Bella Cuore Photo: Bella Cuore Mineral Fusion Lipstick in Charming, $12.75; at Thrive Market Photo: Thrive Market Next slideshow starts in 10s 32 Genius Things to Make With Your Old Magazines 0 GOT THOUGHTS? SHARE THEM! share pin tweet tumblr 0comments Promoted Stories About Us Advertise Contact Us Careers Press Signup Facebook Pinterest Tumblr Twitter Instagram Sheknows MediaBeauty and Style copyright 2017 © all rights reserved by stylecaster Privacy Policy Terms Of Use Agreement RSS Powered by WordPress.com VIP StyleCaster Fashion Fashion News Street Style Tips + Trends Shopping Celebrity Looks Beauty Makeup Hair + Nails Skin Care Health + Fitness Lifestyle Home Travel Food + Drink Love + Sex Entertainment Celebrity News TV + Movies Music Culture SCTV WANT MORE? Get STYLECASTER in your inbox STYLECASTER Daily STYLECASTER Beauty Facebook Pinterest Twitter Tumblr Instagram About Us Advertise Contact Us Careers Press Best Deals Privacy Policy Terms Of Use RSS share Facebook Pinterest Twitter Tumblr Facebook Pinterest Twitter
Sign In Register Home Subscribe Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Vacation Hold Report a problem eEdition Submit News About Us About Us Become a distributor Customer Care Contact Us Advertising Advertising Place an ad Our Partners Our Partners VIP Magazine Hardin County News Jasper Newsboy Lakecaster Southeasttexas Classifieds Archives Careers Local Were you 'Seen'? Crime Weather Communities Communities Orange County Hardin County Kountze Lumberton Silsbee Sour Lake Lakes Region Buna Jasper Kirbyville Newton Woodville Mid-County Groves Nederland Port Arthur Port Neches Sabine Pass Orange County Bridge City Mauriceville Vidor Bolivar Peninsula Chambers County Liberty County cat5 Travel Travel Galveston Bolivar Houston - Kemah Archives Best of Everything Guide Accused Lumberton booster embezzler tells judge she is indigent Neches River Festival king unveiled Lamar students get real dose of virtual fun at campus video game Beaumont Rep. has a little fun with House vote US & World Nation World Louisiana Texas Hot Topics 'Dreamer' reunites with family, says he's hopeful for future Severe storms expected in Mississippi Valley, Dixie Alley NTSB to begin probe of Texas bus-truck crash that killed 13 Living by the sword: Carving a niche making warrior blades A&E Calendar Seen Movies TV Comics Puzzles Horoscopes Games Lottery Photo Sponsored Articles St. Louis services set for April 9 for rock icon Chuck Berry Talent agency Wilhelmina signs rapper Nicki Minaj Family and close friends say goodbye to George Michael ACMs play to a loyal country audience to shore up ratings cat5 Sports High School Lamar The NFL College Football Outdoors The Huddle In the Cards Baseball Golf Basketball Houston Astros Houston Rockets Houston Texans Other sports PN-G baseball tops Nederland, stays perfect in 22-5A Lamar softball sweeps Alcorn State in doubleheader LU announces notable speakers for coaches clinic Super Gold Boys Basketball Team Business Technology Texas Business Nation & World Fuel Fix Business Directory Sponsored Content Beaumont Rice Mills turns 125 Port Neches animal groomer takes her work on the road Downtown library to re-open Tuesday JC Penney stores in SETX spared for now Obits Opinion Editorials Letters Submit a Letter Columns Cartoons 'Toon Time 3-29-17 'Toon Time 3-27-17 'Toon Time 3-25-17 'Toon Time 3-24-17 Cars Jobs Latest Local Job Videos Compare your salary Homes SETX Real Estate The most expensive Lumberton homes on the market $5 million French-style Kirbyville home for sale Century-old downtown Orange building for sale offers eclectic, Million-dollar homes on the market in Beaumont Find & Save MenuSections http://www.beaumontenterprise.com/news/article/Lumberton-booster-tells-judge-she-is-indigent-11036062.php Accused Lumberton booster embezzler tells judge she is indigent By Liz Teitz Updated 12:34 pm, Wednesday, March 29, 2017 Photo: Guiseppe Barranco, Photo Editor Image 1of/9 Caption Close Image 1 of 9 After being arrested Thursday for allegedly stealing more than $70,000 from the Lumberton Band Booster Club during the summer, former club treasurer Helen Cox is escorted to the Justice of the Peace Thursday. Cox's Bail is set at $250,000. Photo taken Thursday, December 01, 2016 Guiseppe Barranco/The Enterprise less After being arrested Thursday for allegedly stealing more than $70,000 from the Lumberton Band Booster Club during the summer, former club treasurer Helen Cox is escorted to the Justice of the Peace Thursday. ... more Photo: Guiseppe Barranco, Photo Editor Image 2 of 9 Helen Cox has been released from Hardin County Jail on $25,000 bail. She was arrested Thursday on charges of stealing more than $70,800 from the Lumberton Band Booster Club. Helen Cox has been released from Hardin County Jail on $25,000 bail. She was arrested Thursday on charges of stealing more than $70,800 from the Lumberton Band Booster Club. Photo: Hardin County Sheriff's Department Image 3 of 9 After being arrested Thursday for allegedly stealing more than $70,000 from the Lumberton Band Booster Club during the summer, former club treasurer Helen Cox is escorted to the Justice of the Peace Thursday. Cox's Bail is set at $250,000. Photo taken Thursday, December 01, 2016 Guiseppe Barranco/The Enterprise less After being arrested Thursday for allegedly stealing more than $70,000 from the Lumberton Band Booster Club during the summer, former club treasurer Helen Cox is escorted to the Justice of the Peace Thursday. ... more Photo: Guiseppe Barranco, Photo Editor Image 4 of 9 After being arrested Thursday for allegedly stealing $70,000 from the Lumberton Band Booster Club during the summer, former club treasurer Helen Cox is escorted to the Justice of the Peace Thursday. Cox's Bail is set at $250,000. Photo taken Thursday, December 01, 2016 Guiseppe Barranco/The Enterprise less After being arrested Thursday for allegedly stealing $70,000 from the Lumberton Band Booster Club during the summer, former club treasurer Helen Cox is escorted to the Justice of the Peace Thursday. Cox's Bail ... more Photo: Guiseppe Barranco, Photo Editor Image 5 of 9 After being arrested Thursday for allegedly stealing $70,000 from the Lumberton Band Booster Club during the summer, former club treasurer Helen Cox is escorted to the Justice of the Peace Thursday. Cox's Bail is set at $250,000. Photo taken Thursday, December 01, 2016 Guiseppe Barranco/The Enterprise less After being arrested Thursday for allegedly stealing $70,000 from the Lumberton Band Booster Club during the summer, former club treasurer Helen Cox is escorted to the Justice of the Peace Thursday. Cox's Bail ... more Photo: Guiseppe Barranco, Photo Editor Image 6 of 9 After being arrested Thursday for allegedly stealing $70,000 from the Lumberton Band Booster Club during the summer, former club treasurer Helen Cox is escorted to the Justice of the Peace Thursday. Cox's Bail is set at $250,000. Photo taken Thursday, December 01, 2016 Guiseppe Barranco/The Enterprise less After being arrested Thursday for allegedly stealing $70,000 from the Lumberton Band Booster Club during the summer, former club treasurer Helen Cox is escorted to the Justice of the Peace Thursday. Cox's Bail ... more Photo: Guiseppe Barranco, Photo Editor Image 7 of 9 Lumberton Band Booster Club Treasurer Helen Cox was arrested Thursday on a felony charge of misapplication of fiduciary property. Cox is accused of stealing more than $70,800 from the booster club, Lumberton Police Chief Danny Sullins said.  less Lumberton Band Booster Club Treasurer Helen Cox was arrested Thursday on a felony charge of misapplication of fiduciary property. Cox is accused of stealing more than $70,800 from the booster club, Lumberton ... more Photo: Liz Teitz/The Enterprise Image 8 of 9 Lumberton Band Booster Club Treasurer Helen Cox was arrested Thursday on a felony charge of misapplication of fiduciary property. Cox is accused of stealing more than $70,800 from the booster club, Lumberton Police Chief Danny Sullins said.  less Lumberton Band Booster Club Treasurer Helen Cox was arrested Thursday on a felony charge of misapplication of fiduciary property. Cox is accused of stealing more than $70,800 from the booster club, Lumberton ... more Photo: Liz Teitz/The Enterprise Image 9 of 9 Accused Lumberton booster embezzler tells judge she is indigent 1 / 9 Back to Gallery The Lumberton Band Booster Club treasurer who was arrested in December on an embezzlement charge made a court appearance on Wednesday morning in Hardin County. Helen Cox, who is accused of gambling away more than $70,000 of the club's money at four casinos in five months, said in an affidavit that she is indigent and would need a court-appointed attorney. Cox, 46, declined to comment after the court proceedings.  Cox is out on a $250,000 bond. She was indicted in January on a second-degree felony charge of theft from a nonprofit organization.   If convicted, she could face 2 to 20 years in a state prison and a fine. She also could be required to pay restitution. Police Chief Danny Sullins said in December that Cox began stealing from the club on June 6 and used the money primarily at the Golden Nugget Casino in Lake Charles and other casinos in Mississippi and Alabama. The thefts began one week after Cox was elected treasurer and given access to the club's accounts and debit card. Booster Club President Randy Eason discovered the money was missing on Oct. 18. According to a probable cause affidavit provided by Lt. Joseph Breaux Jr., Cox confessed in October "that she began gambling in June of 2016 to relieve stress from work and divorce, and used incredibly poor judgment when her losses were greater than her personal finances could support." She also made purchases at Wal-Mart and Sam's Club and paid for at least one dental appointment using the money, according to the document. "She felt the need to try and fix the situation by gambling more hoping to earn back when she had lost," the affidavit said. She spent almost $85,000 at the Golden Nugget, according to casino records referenced in the affidavit. She got the money through ATM withdrawals, cash advances, "a few checks" and debit card purchases, Sullins said. Eason said in December that Cox's financial reports at monthly booster club meetings did not indicate a problem, and when asked a question, "she always had a good story." The club has since elected a new treasurer and assistant treasurer and implemented new security procedures, including notifications of withdrawals and additional board access to the accounts, Eason said. The club typically pays for uniform cleaning, music and fundraising supplies and T-shirts, and supports a band trip to play at Disney World in alternate years. Money set aside for the trip, which is scheduled for March 2018, was taken. LTeitz@BeaumontEnterprise.com Twitter.com/LizTeitz Top Stories At least 12 dead in Texas church group crash Updated: Kountze woman killed in Hardin Co. accident Beaumont cop under criminal, internal investigation Poles, trees down in Tyler Co. from suspected tornado Grand jury indicts 3 in auto burglaries SO: Unlucky man caught keying cars at casino Report: Teens taking selfies hit by plane, killed Authorities: Cops shoot one of their own during celebration Beaumont Fire responds to storm-related fire Beaumont teens accused of Hardin County armed robberies Local News Beaumont Fire responds to storm-related fire Beaumont cop under criminal, internal investigation Beaumont teens accused of Hardin County armed robberies Possible tornado pushes down poles, trees in Tyler County LIT announces new workplace safety courses Latest News Videos View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Subscriber Services Advertising Careers Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Contact Us eEdition Connect Facebook Twitter Google Instagram Hearst Newspapers © Hearst Newspapers, II LLC
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Target Employees Prevent Couple From Losing $4K To Grandparent Scam Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Target Employees Prevent Couple From Losing $4K To Grandparent Scam Image courtesy of Mike Mozart March 29, 2017 10:35 am EDT By Ashlee Kieler@akieler alert employees grandparent scam grandparents scam prepaid gift cards preventing the scam retail scam stopping the scam target Every once in a while, a good samaritan — and an informed retail employee — stops customers from becoming victims of a costly scam. Such was the case for a pair of Target employees being lauded for recently helping to prevent a Virginia couple from losing thousands of dollars to the so-called “Grandparents scam.”  WTVR reports that two Target employees were recognized this week for their quick thinking and ability to recognize that customers were about to send money to a scammer in January. The couple stopped by the Target store to purchase $4,000 in Target gift cards. Unsure about such a large purchase, the employees began questioning the couple. As it turns out, the duo had received a phone call from someone claiming to be a police officer who had arrested their grandson. “The person posing as a police officer explained to the couple that if they wished to get their grandson out of jail, they would need to purchase two Target gift cards of $2,000 apiece,” a Hanover County Sheriff Office’s spokesperson tells WTVR. “Concerned and wishing to help their grandson, the couple immediately drove to the Mechanicsville Target to purchase the gift cards.” After hearing the couple’s account, the Target co-workers explained that they believed the grandparents were being scammed. “This simple act of kindness made the couple question their decision and they too recognized they had fallen victim to a heartless scam,” the Sheriff’s Office spokesperson said. While the incident happened back in January, the Hanover Sheriff’s Office honored the co-workers this week, presenting them with a Challenge Coin. Target’s employees join a growing list of alert retail workers who have been able to prevent unsuspecting consumers from being scammed: • Jan. 2017 — A Walmart cashier stopped an elderly Illinois couple from spending $2,500 on gift cards by simply asking for more information. After the couple provided the employee with the phone number they had received a call from, he realized it was listed in national database for scam numbers. • Feb. 2015 — An alert Safeway employee saved a woman from losing $2,400 to an IRS impersonation scam that alleged the woman owed thousands in outstanding tax debts. • Sept. 2014 — Well-trained employees at a Safeway store in Maryland were able to stop a couple trying to get $4,000 worth of prepaid debit cards in order to pay off an IRS debt. • March 2012 — An alert Big Y clerk prevented a woman from falling for the grandparents scam. The local woman had showed up at the regional New England supermarket chain with the intention of using Western Union to wire a “large amount” of cash to one of these scammy callers. March 29, 2017 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler alert employees grandparent scam grandparents scam prepaid gift cards preventing the scam retail scam stopping the scam target Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related preventing the scam Walmart Employee Stops Elderly Couple From Losing $2,500 To “Grandparents Scam” the more you know 4 Scams You Should Always Be Aware Of caught in the act Alert Safeway Employees Save Woman From Losing Thousands In IRS Back Taxes Scam grandparent scams Hero Nurses Save Grandparents From Wiring Thousands Of Dollars To Scammers grandparent scams Scam Victim’s Grandson Isn’t In Jail, Doesn’t Need $10,000 In iTunes Gift Cards Previous Olive Garden Is Betting On Healthier Fare To Bring Back Customers Next Man Says Leaking Waffle House Grease Is Damaging His Actual House Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Man Says Leaking Waffle House Grease Is Damaging His Actual House Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
VISIT CNBC.COM VISIT CNBC.COM Home Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials SHOWS Home Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials All Shows Adventure Capitalists American Greed American Vice Billion Dollar Buyer Blue Collar Millionaires Cleveland Hustles Ground Zero Rising Jay Leno’s Garage Make Me a Millionaire Inventor The Deed The Deed: Chicago The Filthy Rich Guide The Partner The Profit The Profit in Cuba Secret Lives of the Super Rich Shark Tank Undercover Boss West Texas Investors Club Full Episodes Live Store X How to Win in Business How to Win in Business The 12 books that helped form billionaire Jeff Bezos' leadership style Marguerite Ward | @forwardist 16 Hours Ago CNBC.com show chapters This book list helped form billionaire Jeff Bezos' leadership style    17 Hours Ago | 00:56 SHARES Books have played a crucial role in Jeff Bezos' life, in more ways than one. There's the obvious reason: The company that made him a multi-billionaire originally started as an online book retailer. He's also spent his career changing the way books are published and sold, devouring many small bookstores in the process. But the Amazon founder and CEO also has an abiding love of reading, and it has played a key role in forming him as a leader. In biography "The Everything Store," author Brad Stone describes how books shaped Bezos' leadership style and way of thinking. In fact, according to the book, there is a list of books Amazon employees refer to as "Jeff's Reading List." It includes autobiographies, business and technology reads and even a novel, and according to Stone, many Amazon executives have made their way through these volumes. How many of these have you read? 1. "The Remains of the Day" by Kazuo Ishiguro Ishiguro's novel is a first-person narrative told by a butler who recalls his time serving in the army during the first World War. Stone writes that it is Bezos' favorite novel. "Bezos has said he learns more from novels than nonfiction," Stone writes. 2. "Built to Last: Successful Habits of Visionary Companies" by Jim Collins This famous management read explains how companies that succeed build environments where "employees who embrace the central mission flourish," Stone writes. "The key thing about a book is that you lose yourself in the author's world." -Jeff Bezos, founder and CEO of Amazon 3. "Creation: Life and How to Make It" by Steve Grand "A video game designer argues that intelligent systems can be created from the bottom up if one devises a set of primitive building blocks," Stone writes. "The book was influential in the creation of Amazon Web Services, or AWS, the service that popularized the notion of the cloud." 4. "Good to Great: Why Some Companies Make the Leap … and Others Don't" by Jim Collins Author and business consultant Collins briefed Amazon executives on many of the principles in this book before its publication, according to Stone. It explains how "companies must confront the brutal facts of their business, find out what they are uniquely good at, and master their flywheel, in which each part of the business reinforces and accelerates the other parts." 5. "The Innovator's Dilemma" by Clayton Christensen In this book, Christensen argues that companies improve by embracing disruptive innovation. Michael Bloomberg, founder and CEO of the eponymous company, once described the book as "absolutely brilliant." "An enormously influential business book whose principles Amazon acted on and that facilitated the creation of the Kindle and [Amazon Web Services]," Stone writes. "Some companies are reluctant to embrace disruptive technology because it might alienate customers and undermine their core business, but Christensen argues that ignoring potential disruption is even costlier." 6. "Sam Walton: Made in America" by Sam Walton "In his autobiography, Walmart's founder expounds on the principles of discount retailing and discusses his core values of frugality and a bias for action — a willingness to try a lot of things and make many mistakes," Stone writes. "Bezos included both in Amazon's corporate values." 7. "Lean Thinking: Banish Waste and Create Wealth in Your Corporation" by James Womanck and Daniel Jones This book explores how major American, European and Japanese companies applied a series of "lean thinking" principles in an attempt to cut costs and boost efficiency to survive the 1991 recession and grow over the rest of the decade. 8."Memos from the Chairman" by Alan Greenberg "[The book is] a collection of memos to employees by the chairman of the now defunct investment bank Bear Stearns," Stone writes. "In his memos, Greenberg is constantly restating the bank's core values, especially modesty and frugality." 9. "The Mythical Man-Month" by Frederick P. Brooks, Jr. "An influential computer scientist makes the counterintuitive argument that small groups of engineers are more effective than larger ones at handling complex software projects," Stone writes. 10. "The Goal: A Process of Ongoing Improvements" by Eliyahu Goldratt "An exposition of the science of manufacturing written in the guise of the novel, the book encourages companies to identify the biggest constraints in their operations," Stone writes, "and then structure their organizations to get the most out of those constraints." 11. "Data-Driven Marketing: The 15 Metrics Everyone in Marketing Should Know" by Mark Jeffery "[This is] a guide to using data to measure everything from customer satisfaction to the effectiveness of marketing," Stone writes. "Amazon employees must support all assertions with data, and if the data has a weakness, they must point it out or their colleagues will do it for them." 12. "The Black Swan" by Nassim Taleb "The scholar argues that people are wired to see patterns in chaos while remaining blind to unpredictable events, with massive consequences. Experimentation and empiricism trumps the easy and obvious narrative," Stone writes. For Bezos, the most important thing a book can provide is an escape. "The key thing about a book is that you lose yourself in the author's world," Bezos tells The Washington Post. Check out the No. 1 takeaway from Bill Gates and Warren Buffett's favorite book show chapters This is the top lesson from Bill Gates and Warren Buffett's favorite business book    Wednesday, 22 Mar 2017 | 2:43 PM ET | 00:59 Marguerite WardReporter, CNBC Make It To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Videos Photos Lists Live Artists Podcasts Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Chart Beat Festival Season Billboard Subscribe Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Greatest of All Time News Music Festivals Dance Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Style Country Latin Rock Broadway K-Pop Business Pret-a-Reporter Hot 100 Billboard 200 Charts Year-End 2016 Greatest of All Time Artist 100 Spotify + Web Trending 140 Emerging Artists R&B/Hip-Hop Pop Dance/Electronic Country Rock Latin Breaking and Entering Christian/Gospel Holiday Sports International Additional Genres Videos Search Peter Frampton Performs Acoustic Version of 'I Saved a Bird Today,' Explains Story Behind the Song: Exclusive 3/29/2017 by Colin Stutz FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Austin Lord Peter Frampton "It a true story about caring and compassion, which we need more of today." Peter Frampton had a bit of an odd episode recently that became inspiration for his latest single, "I Saved a Bird Today." The story behind the new track is about just as the title suggests: An American Coot flew into a window at Frampton's house in Nashville and it was up to the iconic rocker to come to its rescue. After the episode, Frampton called up his collaborator Gordon Kennedy and told him all about it, quickly inspiring a song.   After releasing "I Saved a Bird Today" earlier this month, now Frampton is sharing an acoustic video performance shot in his studio with Kennedy exclusively via Billboard.  "This is how the song sounded as we were writing it," Frampton tells Billboard. "So much fun to play and I love that’s it a true story about caring and compassion, which we need more of today." Frampton is also sharing a behind-the-scenes video where he explains the full story of how he saved the bird.  Watch both clips here:  Earlier this month, Frampton kicked off a lengthy tour schedule of acoustic shows and concerts with the Steve Miller Band, spanning until Aug. 13 at the Ironstone Amphitheatre in Murphys, California.  See the full tour dates below.  Peter Frampton Live March 13 - Fort Lauderdale, FL @ Rock & Romance Cruise (Full Band) March 24 - New Albany, OH @ McCoy Community Center for the Arts* March 26 - Schermerhorn Symphony Center @ Nashville, TN* March 29 - Pabst Theater @ Milwaukee, WI* March 30 - Champaign, IL @ Virginia Theatre* April 1 - Skokie, IL @ North Shore Center for the Performing Arts* April 2 - Grand Rapids, MI @ 20 Monroe Live* April 4 - Cleveland, OH @ Playhouse Square Ohio Theatre* April 6 - Peekskill, NY @ Paramount Hudson Valley Theater* April 8 - Kingston, NY @ Ulster Performing Arts Center* April 9 - Staten Island, NY @ St. George Theatre* April 11 - Londonderry, NH @ Tupelo Music Hall* April 12 - Rutland, VT @ The Paramount Theatre* June 15 - Holmdel, NJ @ PNC Bank Arts Center† June 17 - Wantagh, NY @ Nikon at Jones Beach Theater† June 18 - Hunter, NY @ Mountain Jam Festival† June 20 - Toronto, ONT @ Budweiser Stage† June 21 - Canadaigua, NY @ Constellation Brands Marvin PAC† June 23 - Columbia, MD @ Merriweather Post Pavilion† June 24 - Mashantucket, CT @ The Grand Theater At Foxwoods Casino† June 25 - Gilford, NH @ Bank of New Hampshire Pavilion† June 27 - Philadelphia, PA @ Mann Center PAC† June 30 - Verona, NY @ Turning Stone Resort and Casino† July 1 - Sterling Heights, MI @ Michigan Lottery Theater at Freedom Hill† July 14 - Hollywood, FL @ Seminole Hard Rock Live† July 15 - Estero, FL @ Germain Arena† July 16 - Alpharetta, GA @ Verizon Wireless Amp† July 18 - Rogers, AR @ Walmart Amp† July 19 - Kansas City, MO @ Starlight Theatre† July 20 - Aurora, IL @ River Edge Park† July 22 - Walker, MN @ Moondance Jam† July 23 - Welch, MN @ Treasure Island Resort & Casino† July 25 - Park City, KS @ Hartman Arena† July 28 - Tulsa, OK @ River Spirit Casino† July 29 - Thackerville, OK @ WinStar World Casino† July 31 - Morrison, CO @ Red Rocks† August 2 - Salt Lake City, UT @ USANA Amp† August 4 - Bend, OR @ Les Schwab Amp† August 5 - Auburn, WA @ White River Amp† August 6 - Troutdale, OR @ McMenamins Edgefield† August 8 - Las Vegas, NV @ The Colosseum at Caesars Palace† August 9 - Costa Mesa, CA @ Pacific Amp† August 10 - Los Angeles, CA @ Greek Theatre† August 12 - Mountain View, CA @ Shoreline Amp† August 13 - Murphy’s, CA @ Ironstone Amp† *Raw, An Acoustic Tour †with Steve Miller Band FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Comments Magazine Customer Service Subscribe Buy this issue Billboard biz The online extension of Billboard Magazine, billboard.biz is the essential online destination for the music business. Learn More Sharing Billboard Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Instagram Tumblr Pinterest Spotify Newsletter Explore Billboard Shop News Archive Photos Archive Videos Archive Magazine Archive Charts Archive Information Jobs Chart Licensing Billboard Events Contact Us Sitemap FAQ Feedback Lyrics Billboard Backstage Sonicbids © 2017 Billboard. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Advertising Billboard.com is a member of Billboard Music, a division of Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group
Facebook Pinterest Instagram Search Everyday Cooking Meal Planning Grocery Shopping Budget Smart Tips Kitchn Meal Plans Kitchn Menus How To Cooking Lessons Baking Lessons Knife Lessons Meat Lessons Pro Technique Surprising Ideas Cooking School Baking School Living At Home With... Kitchn Life Opinion LOL Healthy Living Children Organizing & Cleaning Cleaning Cleaning Tools Organizing Rental Kitchens Pantry Set Up a Kitchen Gather Kitchn Gatherings Cocktails Dinner for a Crowd Great Gifts Weddings Etiquette Holidays Gift Guides Travel Shopping Recipes Breakfast Lunch Dinner Snacks Dessert Cocktails Baking Videos The Scary Reason Why Nearly 1 Million Pounds of Chicken Nuggets Have Been Recalled Food News The Scary Reason Why Nearly 1 Million Pounds of Chicken Nuggets Have Been Recalled Susmita Baral Mar 29, 2017 Food News Food Safety Poultry Home Share Pin It Email Share Email (Image credit: Felix Furo/Shutterstock) Share Email Chicken-nugget aficionados and chicken-finger enthusiasts be warned — nearly one million pounds of chicken from an Oklahoma-based manufacturer may be contaminated with "extraneous materials." What kind, you ask? The kind nobody wants in their body: metal. According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS), Ok Food Inc. has issued a recall of their chicken products. After five customers reported finding metal objects in their food, an investigation took place to reveal the metal pieces came from the belting of a metal conveyer. "After an internal investigation, the firm identified the affected product and determined that the objects in all the complaints came from metal conveyor belting," FSIS says in a statement. The USDA has classified the recall as Class I — the most severe of the three classes — and says the recall is a high health risk. Class I is issued when there is a health hazard situation "where there is a reasonable probability that the use of the product will cause serious, adverse health consequences or death." The recall impacts 933,272 pounds of breaded chicken produced from December 19, 2016, through March 7, 2017. While no injuries have been reported thus far, FSIS recommends consumers toss out or return any recalled products. Ok Food sells their chicken products under various brand names at popular food retailers around the country, including Walmart's Great Value. The thought of accidentally consuming metal shards is daunting, so consumers should refer to the list of products impacted before indulging in ready-to-eat chicken products. And if the terms of the recall are too complicated, you can always use the USDA's "Ask Karen" virtual representative tool 24 hours a day, seven days a week for further assistance. In the meantime, maybe try making your own chicken nuggets and chicken tenders at home. Read more: OK Food Inc. Recalls Breaded Chicken Products Due To Possible Foreign Matter Contamination from Food Safety and Inspection Service Share Email Submit a story Got a tip, kitchen tour, or other story our readers should see? Tell us about it! © 1994–2017 Apartment Therapy, LLC. Advertise With Us About Contact Press Privacy Policy Our Team Jobs Site Map Created with Sketch.
Jump to Navigation MSNBC facebook twitter google plus rss tumblr instagram Explore All {{issue.issue.title}} Latest {{topic.topic.short_title}} {{teaser.description}} Watch Featured Shows Weekday Weekend Live LIVE - ONLY ONLINE Watch Videos TV Schedule Search Videos Digital Documentaries Join In Help Live TV The Rachel Maddow Show / The MaddowBlog 2011 Ford Motor Co. Flex sport utility vehicles (SUV) sit on display at the Capital Ford dealership in Raleigh, N.C. on Feb. 26, 2011. Photo by Jim R. Bounds/Bloomberg/Getty Trump’s ‘big’ jobs announcement points to Obama-era success story 03/29/17 10:00 AMUpdated 03/29/17 11:03 AM By Steve Benen Donald Trump declared with pride yesterday morning, “Big announcement by Ford today. Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants. Car companies coming back to U.S. JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!” Soon after, Kellyanne Conway, a top aide to the president, added that Ford’s investments come just “two weeks after” Trump’s meeting with auto-industry executives. The implication wasn’t subtle: Americans are supposed to believe that the president met with industry leaders, which led to Ford’s good news soon after. But the White House’s latest effort to take credit for good economic news is eerily similar to its previous efforts – which is to say, it was wildly misleading. CNBC reported: The White House on Tuesday promoted a Ford investment in American plants, most of which was part of a plan the automaker first announced in 2015. The U.S. auto giant on Tuesday outlined new details of its planned $9 billion in U.S. facility investments through 2019. The company said it planned to create or retain 8,500 jobs as part of its 2015 contract with the United Auto Workers. A company spokesperson confirmed to BuzzFeed that “the majority of what was announced” yesterday was the result of “the 2015 UAW contract.” Steven Rattner, who oversaw President Obama’s successful rescue of the American auto industry eight years ago, noted the news and asked, “When will [Trump] stop misleading people?” That need not be a rhetorical question. As we discussed the other day, Trump has trumpeted jobs announcements in recent months – from Ford, Fiat Chrysler, General Motors, Walmart, Intel, Lockheed Martin, Softbank, Sprint, Alibaba, and Charter Communications – in which the president sought credit for developments he not only had nothing to do with, but also, in most instances, pointed to Obama-era news. A fact-check piece from the Washington Post added, “Trump’s bravado on these jobs announcements is becoming a bad joke.” Worse, they’re also self-defeating. No president can credibly take credit for every employment development that occurs during his or her presidency – nor should any president want to. Earlier this month, for example, JCPenny announced its shedding thousands of American workers, a move, as best as I can tell, the White House has not commented on. It hardly seems fair to hold Trump directly responsible for this, but therein lies the point: the president shouldn’t want to connect his administration to every significant private-sector decision related to jobs. Trump may not realize the extent to which he’s inviting trouble, not only because he’s taking credit for Obama-era successes, but also because he’s inviting blame for every bit of bad news that happens on his watch. Explore: The MaddowBlog, Auto Industry , Donald Trump, Economy and Jobs House Intelligence Chair's antics... Why Trump is suddenly eager to cut funding fo More Like This Best of MSNBC Speak Out be the first to comment join the discussion back to article Latest comments Top Stories from NBC News and MSNBC Graham on Nunes controversy: 'It's a mess' 8 hours 39 min ago Schiff presses for public hearing for Sally Yates 5 hours 5 min ago Russian activist poisoned twice: 'I'm not going to hide' 6 hours 39 min ago For Trump, drug epidemic is about one thing: border enforcement 6 hours 32 min ago GOP takes new steps to keep Trump’s tax returns secret Campaign to purchase lawmakers' browsing history April Ryan's first question to Spicer after confrontation The ghost of Bridgegate forever haunts Gov. Christie Fmr. DNC Chair to Sanders: 'We are already a grassroots party' Fired US attorney at nexus of multiple Trump scandals close Auto Industry and Donald Trump Trump's 'big' jobs announcement points to Obama-era success story 03/29/17 10:00 AMUpdated 03/29/17 11:03 AM facebook twitter google plus tumblr instagram rss Home Help Terms of Service Independent Programming Report Closed Captioning Privacy Policy Newsletters MSNBC Store MSNBC Info Blog Careers AdChoices NBCNews.com Today.com CNBC.com BreakingNews.com © NBC UNIVERSAL share tweet email save Comment be the first to comment comments back to article Embed
Print   Email   Font Resize Community News Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- March 29 - April 2 Posted:   03/29/2017 07:02:53 AM MDT Today, March 29 SilverSneakers Yoga — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. History Cafe — 10:30 a.m., Overland Trail Museum. Program: Cheryl Schiel, "Secret Language of Flowers." Call 970-522-3895 for reservations Admission $3 for adults, $1.50 for children. Toddle Time Story Time — 10:30 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Ages 18 months to 36 months, with an adult. Rotary Club — Noon, Northeastern Junior College, Tennant Art Gallery inside Hays Student Center. Brian Kailey, "NJC Greenhouse project with/tour." Walking Wednesday — 12:05 and 5:15 p.m., Overland Trail Recreation Area Fish Pond. Cards and Pool — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. Iliff Triangle AA Group — 6 p.m., Iliff Trading Post, 315 Railroad Ave., Iliff. Rides available by calling Kathy at 522-5006 or can be arranged with other members Thursday, March 30 Circle of Grandparents Group — 9:30 to 10:30 a.m., Family Resource Center. Includes free child care. SilverSneakers Classic — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Coffee and Colors — 10 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Relax with a coloring book and a cup of coffee. Advertisement Under the Umbrella LCC Meal — 5:30 to 6:30 p.m., Zion Congregational Church, 432 Chestnut St. Anyone in need of a meal is welcome. Clean Slate Recovery Group — 6:30 to 7:30 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Open to anyone struggling with addiction. Information: Christie Orozco 970-526-6500, 970-520-2939 or csrecovery1028@gmail.com, Facebook or Twitter. Sweet Adelines — 7 p.m., Sterling High School choir room. For ladies who love to sing. Centennial State Chorus — 7 p.m., room 102, Christ United Methodist Church. For men who love to sing. Elks Bingo — 7 p.m., open to the public. Friday, March 31 Qi Gong — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Cards and Pool — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. Senior Citizens Club Birthday and Anniversary Party — 3 p.m., Heritage Center. Your Heart Our Hands Red Cross Benefit — 5:30 p.m. cocktail hour, 6:30 p.m. dinner and entertainment, Sterling Elks Club. Live auction and dancing with Juke Joint Cruisers. Cost $35 per person. Tickets available through March 24; call 522-9266. Bingo — TBA. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 7 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Saturday, April 1 Sterling Community Health Fair — 7:30 to 11 a.m., Sterling Middle School, 1177 Pawnee Ave. Recycling Collection — 8 to 11 a.m., southeast corner of Walmart parking lot. Collection includes: Plastic #1, plastic #2 natural (milk cartons), plastic #2 colored (detergent bottles, shampoo, etc.) and both aluminum and tin cans. No glass. NJC 75th Anniversary Torch Run — 9 a.m. opening comments at Columbine Park, 9:30 a.m. Torch Walk starts, 11 a.m. closing ceremony at Dorothy Corsberg Theatre. Information: 970-521-6600. Light of the Plains Christian Motorcycle Association — 9 a.m., Logan County Chamber of Commerce, 109 N. Front St. NJC Auto Show — 10 a.m. to 8 p.m., North Campus. Rocker cover/pinewood races at 3 p.m. Cost $3 for adults, $2 for children 12 and under. Narcotics Anonymous — 1:30 p.m., First Christian Church. Information: 970-520-1474. Heritage Center Dance Group — 6:30 to 10 p.m. Ray Mullen. Cost is $7. Everyone is welcome. NJC Casino Royale — 7 to 11:30 p.m., Hays Student Center Ballroom. Casino games, dancing, hors d'oeuvres and drinks. Cost $75 per ticket or 2 for $125. To purchase tickets or for more information visit www.njcfoundation.org or call 970-521-6603. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 9 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Sunday, April 2 NJC Auto Show — 10 a.m. to 3 p.m., North Campus. Cost $3 for adults, 42 for children 12 and under. Zion Congregational Church Soup Kitchen — 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m., 5th Street and Chestnut. Come to the back door and down the stairs. Free. Meals served to anyone who is hungry and in need of a hot meal. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED Filing extension still means tax is due in April Taxpayers who cannot file their 2016 Colorado individual income tax return by this year's April 18 deadline may take advantage of the state's automatic six-month extension of time to file.   Full Story   MORE RELATED HEADLINES Good heart health at SRM Online services include plate renewal   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Marijuana Legalization Could Encourage Widespread Economic Benefits News provided by NetworkNewsWire Mar 29, 2017, 08:30 ET Share this article NEW YORK, March 29, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- NetworkNewsWire Editorial Coverage  There are a number of advantages to society and the public safety in regulating marijuana, but economic arguments also favor its legalization. The benefits include increased tax revenues, job creation, and reduced law enforcement costs. However, to legalize and regulate marijuana requires an ecosystem of support services like those provided by SinglePoint, Inc. (OTC: SING) (SING Profile), American Cannabis Company (OTC: AMMJ), Kush Bottles, Inc. (OTC: KSHB), mCig, Inc. (OTC: MCIG) and Terra Tech Corp. (OTC: TRTC). As a job-creating engine, the industry will be a super powerful diesel. Reporting on recently released data from New Frontier Data, Forbes[i] relates industry analyst projections that 'by 2020 the legal cannabis market will create more than a quarter of a million jobs.' These projections are modest, based only on markets in the 29 jurisdictions that have legalized medical marijuana and the 10 others that have legalized recreational marijuana. An industry with this potential requires strong, innovative spokes that support broader growth and opportunity. One such innovator is SinglePoint (SING), which, through its SingleSeed payments subsidiary, stands at the ready to make the New Frontier Data forecasts a reality by offering payment solutions to the cannabis industry. Its mobile marketing and payment solutions include cashless ATM, Pay-by-Text™ and text message marketing, while the SingleSeed.com website is designed as a go-to for dispensaries in need of merchant payment processing solutions and other business tools. "The cannabis industry is on the cusp of unprecedented liberties, and we are optimistic that as more states vote to legalize the drug, policymakers will have to take a second look at how banks will be involved in payment processing. When the industry becomes bankable, we will already be in on the action as a 'first mover' with mobile technology to revolutionize the cannabis merchant processing business," SinglePoint CEO Greg Lambrecht stated in a press release. Collaborating with its technology partners, SingleSeed is developing a marketing program specifically designed for cannabis accounts, enabling consumers to use their credit and debit cards to make mobile payments for cannabis purchases. SingleSeed recently made a significant advancement in its broader strategy to strengthen its presence in the cannabis industry when it acquired a stake in Jacksam Corp., dba Convectium, the developer of a unique oil filling system for the cannabis industry. The investment in Convectium will help fund the company's growth, as well as the marketing of its revolutionary 710Shark and 710Seal oil filling system. Convectium projects full-year 2017 sales of $3.5 million, which would represent a year-over-year increase of 150 percent, and it is already on pace to meet this goal, as first quarter sales significantly surpassed sales in the first quarter of last year. Another key cannabis player is American Cannabis Company (OTCQB: AMMJ), which last week announced that it had secured its first client in the Canadian province of Alberta. AMMJ provides consulting services to cannabis businesses. The company will be working with this client to strategically plan business operations, as well as to develop a robust financial model that will serve as a foundation for license acquisition. AMMJ will also be involved in conceptual design work for cultivation and manufacturing facilities for the client. Kush Bottles (OTCQB: KSHB) in early May, added new distribution partners in Hawaii and Puerto Rico, two key medical cannabis markets. Both agreements include 'reciprocity clauses' that allow sales to patients with valid medical marijuana cards who are visiting from other states. Both Puerto Rico and Hawaii are frequent holiday destinations for U.S. mainland tourists. According to the Hawaii Department of Business, Economic Development and Tourism, Hawaii had approximately 9 million tourist visits in 2016. Kush provides packaging, supplies, accessories and branding solutions for the regulated cannabis industry. In Nevada, mCig, Inc. (OTCQB: MCIG), through its lifestyle brands, services the legal cannabis, hemp and cannabidiol (CBD) markets. Originally a vaporizer manufacturer, the company has expanded to become a large-scale, full-service cannabis cultivation construction company and hemp-based CBD market supplier. mCig recently reported a 446 percent increase in third-quarter revenue to $1.3 million and recapped a busy quarter of achievements that include its first construction project and the expansion of its Grow Contractors brand into Oregon, where it is constructing a new facility. Terra Tech (OTCQX: TRTC) is a vertically-integrated, cannabis-focused agriculture company that operates through several subsidiaries focused on individual niches of the cannabis industry. Its brands include IVXX, Inc., which produces medical cannabis-extracted products for regulated medical cannabis dispensaries throughout California. The company's Edible Garden subsidiary cultivates a premier brand of local and sustainably-grown hydroponic produce sold through major grocery stores such as ShopRite, Walmart, Winn-Dixie, Raley's, Meijer, Kroger, and others. Focused on the medicinal side, Terra Tech's Blüm brand operates retail medical cannabis facilities focused on providing the highest quality medical cannabis to patients who are looking for alternative treatments for their chronic medical conditions. Blüm offers a broad selection of medical cannabis products, including flowers, concentrates and edibles, through its Oakland, California, and multiple Nevada locations. Terra Tech's MediFarm LLC subsidiaries focus on medical cannabis cultivation and permitting businesses throughout Nevada, while its GrowOp Technology subsidiary specializes in controlled environment agricultural technologies. The marijuana industry is budding with opportunity in the fields of medicine, retail, edibles and numerous other applications. Visionary companies like SinglePoint and the others mentioned above recognize the value of their innovations and how a regulated industry would benefit from their operations, shareholders and the broader economy. i. Sources: http://nnw.fm/n7F3m For more information on Singlepoint, Inc. please visit: Singlepoint, Inc. (SING) About NetworkNewsWire NetworkNewsWire (NNW) provides news aggregation and syndication, enhanced press release services and a full array of social communication solutions. As a multifaceted financial news and distribution company with an extensive team of contributing journalists and writers, NNW is uniquely positioned to best serve private and public companies that desire to reach a wide audience of investors, consumers, journalists and the general public. NNW has an ever-growing distribution network of more than 5,000 key syndication outlets across the country. By cutting through the overload of information in today's market, NNW brings its clients unparalleled visibility, recognition and brand awareness. NNW is where news, content and information converge. NetworkNewsWire (NNW) http://www.NetworkNewsWire.com Please see full disclaimers on the NetworkNewsWire website applicable to all content provided by NNW, wherever published or re-published: http://nnw.fm/Disclaimer DISCLAIMER: NetworkNewsWire (NNW) is a source of content listed above. References to any issuer other than the profiled issuer are intended solely to identify industry participants and do not constitute an endorsement of any issuer or comparison to the profiled issuer. FN Media Group, LLC (FNM), is a third-party publisher and news dissemination service provider, which disseminates electronic information through multiple online media channels. FNM is NOT affiliated with NNW or any company mentioned herein. The commentary, views and opinions expressed in this release by NNW are solely those of NNW and are not shared by and do not reflect in any manner the views or opinions of FNM. Readers of this content agree that they cannot and will not seek to hold liable NNW and FNM for any investment decisions by their readers or subscribers. FNM and its affiliated companies are a news dissemination and financial marketing solutions provider and are NOT a registered broker-dealer/analyst/adviser, hold no investment licenses and may NOT sell, offer to sell or offer to buy any security. FNM was not compensated by any public company mentioned herein to disseminate this press release. NNW's compensation disclosure is incorporated herein and appears in full at http://nnw.fm/Disclaimer NNW & FNM HOLDS NO SHARES OF ANY COMPANY NAMED IN THIS RELEASE. This release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and such forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. "Forward-looking statements" describe future expectations, plans, results, or strategies and are generally preceded by words such as "may", "future", "plan" or "planned", "will" or "should", "expected," "anticipates", "draft", "eventually" or "projected". You are cautioned that such statements are subject to a multitude of risks and uncertainties that could cause future circumstances, events, or results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements, including the risks that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, and other risks identified in a company's annual report on Form 10-K or 10-KSB and other filings made by such company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You should consider these factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements included herein, and not place undue reliance on such statements. The forward-looking statements in this release are made as of the date hereof and NNW & FNM undertakes no obligation to update such statements. Media Contact E-mail: FN Media Group, LLC - editor@financialnewsmedia.com +1-(954)345-0611 SOURCE NetworkNewsWire Mar 28, 2017, 08:30 ET Preview: Lithium Market Soaring, Driven by Battery-powered Electronics, Automotive Industries My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 28, 2017, 08:30 ETLithium Market Soaring, Driven by Battery-powered Electronics,... Mar 23, 2017, 08:30 ETInnovative Immunotherapies Emerging as the Cancer Treatments of... Explore More news releases in similar topics Banking & Financial Services Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Investments Opinions You just read: Marijuana Legalization Could Encourage Widespread Economic Benefits News provided by NetworkNewsWire Mar 29, 2017, 08:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Inside Scoop J.C. Penney Stock Could Be in a Beauty of a Mess The retailer’s top shareholder bought stock but insiders haven’t. Sephora is its only consistent bright spot. By Ed Lin Biography March 29, 2017 5:30 a.m. ET Common wisdom says that if you can’t stand the heat, get out of the kitchen. J.C. Penney (ticker: JCP) shares have been taking plenty of heat, but the retailer is staying put by the stove and trying to bring shoppers in, as well. More than 500 stores now sell refrigerators, ranges and dishwashers, in addition to washers and dryers. A... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Netflix Is Now Facing a Very Big Market Moment Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. J.C. Penney Stock Could Be in a Beauty of a Mess Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. What the Leading Sectors Tell Us About This Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Is Amazon Suddenly Worried About Profits? Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Byron Wien: Will ‘Anarchy’ in D.C. Undermine Stocks? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 MBA Seekers Look to Canada 2 Tinder Makes Its International Move 3 For 10% Bond Returns, Look to Munis Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Contact CT Post Advertise with Us Subscribe Terms of Use Careers with Us Archives Newsletters Digital edition FAQ Submissions D.C. Buzz: Jim Himes fights the shadow war on House intel Baseball, concerts or soccer in Harbor Yard’s future Stubborn vision grows clearer for ex-Huskies turned coaches WWI artifacts scanned for posterity News Local Columnists Police Reports Regional Valley National World Politics Opinion Were you SEEN? Science and Technology Election Route 8/25 lanes reopen after vehicle fire A Kennedy for Connecticut governor? Ken Dixon: Kennedy gets feet wet in committee Canada pulls vehicle license plate deemed offensive Sports High Schools HS Football Colleges MLB NFL NBA More Sports Hockey Fans go to UConn to get the best-selling gear, memorabilia Justin Thomas, Zach Johnson commit to Travelers Geno Auriemma's secret to building a winning team Salaries of coaches in college basketball's Sweet 16 UConn Nation Business Markets Real Estate Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Big changes underway at Bridgeport Regional Business Council Foreclosure process stretches years longer than a decade ago John Stoehr: State’s energy debate needs to evolve Mexican American eatery creates fun, casual vibe in downtown Entertainment Movies Music Arts Television Comics Horoscope Games Events 100 years of King Features Syndicate Brent Morin brings his stand-up comedy to Mohegan Sun ‘The Absolute Brightness of Leonard Pelkey’ at Hartford Stage Square One Theatre: Irish romance, ‘Chapatti,’ blooms in Living Health Home and Garden Family Religion Travel Food Weddings Engagements Celebrate Summer Sponsored Content Looking back at women through Connecticut's history Fake or real? Commonly held 'facts' debunked Franklin Street Works embraces rise of first-class museum food Restored ‘Man and a Woman,’ Lelouch tribute at French film Obituaries Blogs Classifieds Jobs Homes Rentals Cars MenuSections http://www.ctpost.com/policereports/article/Cops-Milford-woman-went-into-store-left-leaving-11035573.php Cops: Milford woman went into store, left kids alone By Jim Shay Updated 10:57 am, Wednesday, March 29, 2017 MILFORD - A 33-year-old Milford woman has been arrested for allegedly leaving two young children in a car while she went shopping on Tuesday. Officer Joseph Dempsey said in a statement the woman is accused of leaving an eight-month old child and 5-year-old kid in the vehicle “while she was in a store.” Dempsey said the incident happened at around 5:30 a.m. Tuesday at 1365 Boston Post Road. That is the location for Milford Crossing, a shopping center than includes a Walmart, Staples, Petco, Home Goods, a Barnes and Noble and other businesses. Regina Siegel, of Caroline Street, was arrested on risk of injury and unsupervised child charges. Police did not say what Siegel’s relationship was with the children. Sign Up for Email Alerts Sign up for our email newsletters    Breaking News    Daily Newsletter EMAIL: Most Popular 1 Francis back behind bars 2 Man faces 60 years in fatal shooting 3 Cop arraigned on assault charges in Mercedes-van fender bender 4 Milford police: Expect ‘heavy traffic’ at buffet opening 5 Cops: Milford woman went into store, left kids alone 6 Several shots fired as police and medics are on scene 7 Ganim loyalist Rev. Stallworth resigns from business post Connecticut Post View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Careers Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Ad Choices About Our Ads Your California Privacy Rights Contact Contact Us FAQ CTPost iPhone App Today's eEdition Feedback Submissions Connect Newsletter Sign-Up Facebook Twitter Google+ Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Media Services Connecticut, LLC
Switch to the mobile version of this page. Pittsburgh City Paper   Username / View Profile / Edit Profile / Log Out Log in / Create Account Things to Read Things to Do Watch+Listen Fun+Free Best of PGH Browse Things to Read Blogs News & Features Special Issues & Guides CP Longform Music Visual Arts Books Theater & Dance Food & Drink Movie Reviews Sports Views Issue Archives Browse Things to Do Short List Music Listings Critics' Picks Event Listings Dining Guide City Guide CP Happs App Submit an Event Listing Browse Watch+Listen Lynn Cullen Live City Paper Podcast Sound Bite Five Minutes in Food History FFW>> CP TV Slideshows Audio Archives FAQ412 Browse Fun+Free Win Free Stuff Job Search Daily Rundown Sign Up Burgh Bargains Browse Best of PGH Food & Drink Culture & Night Life Goods & Services People & Places Pirates Preview March 29, 2017 Sports » Pirates Preview Tweet Email Print Favorite Saving… Share Make baseball hate again: Five Pirates opponents worthy of your rage  Get out there and boo! By Mike Wysocki Navigation Intro Coming off a down year, the Pirates are relying on an infusion of young blood to turn things around Pirates pitcher Gerrit Cole is looking for a bounce-back year in 2017 Participation in the World Baseball Classic could give the Pittsburgh Pirates an edge Make baseball hate again: Five Pirates opponents worthy of your rage New book, The Slide, chronicles the decline and resurrection of the Pittsburgh Pirates Five Bold Predictions for the 2017 Pittsburgh Pirates Baseball doesn’t stir up the enthusiastic hostility toward visiting teams like hockey and football do. The deafening, and often times profane, shouts at the Philadelphia Flyers on the ice, or the Baltimore Ravens on the gridiron, have no equal in baseball.  Pirates fans have teams they don’t like, but it’s mostly because they are divisional rivals. As the 2017 season approaches, five major-league teams will be coming to PNC Park in the first five weeks. These five teams think they are better than us, and that should make you hate them so much. So, as part of this Pirates Season Preview, we will hand-deliver a few valid reasons to compel you to get out there and boo. First up, the Atlanta Braves and, let’s be honest, we shouldn’t need any help hating them. Sure, it’s been 25 years since they crushed the Pirates’ most recent chance at a World Series, but don’t ever forget it. The tomahawk chop is the second reason to despise these Southern scoundrels. The stupid, and arguably offensive, hand gesture isn’t even their idea: They stole it from Florida State University.  What’s inarguably offensive is that until 1986 the Braves mascot was Chief Noc-a-Homa. He dressed like a Native American and sat in a tepee in the outfield till a Brave hit a home run. Then he would do a stereotypical and horribly racist “Indian” dance to the delight of yokels in attendance. Another reason to make fun of the Braves is that they are old. Bartolo Colon and R.A. Dickey are 40 percent of the Braves’ rotation, and are a combined 85 years old. Matt Kemp is also easy to boo because of his idiotic nickname, “Bison.” The rest of the team is filled with losers with first names like Dansby and Jace. The Braves are in town April 7-9. The Cincinnati Reds are a natural enemy filled with guys you’ve never heard of, with the exception of Joey Votto and Billy Hamilton, who always kill the Pirates, so we hate them enough already. Reds fans are a bunch of Skyline Chili-eating slackjaws. Wow! Chili with cinnamon on top of spaghetti? Really? The Reds were also once owned by Marge Schott, a legendary racist who once said she thought Adolf Hitler was initially good for Germany. Boo the Reds mercilessly April 10-12. The Evil Empire invades PNC April 21-23. This team is so easy to hate; rooting for the New York Yankees against another team is like rooting for Walmart over your neighborhood grocery store. They have everything, including unlimited revenue and 27 World Series titles. This team could spend its dough a little smarter, though. Aside from their ace, Masahiro Tanaka, the Yankees’ rotation was 19-34 last year. So they paid Aroldis Chapman $21 million to close out games for pitchers that stunk. You won’t see future Hall of Famers like Derek Jeter and Mariano Rivera, who were here the last time the Yankees were in town. Instead, they have a bunch of washed-up vets like Matt Holliday, Jacoby Ellsbury and Jon Niese. If you see a Yankees fan, point him toward the Mazeroski statue. That one World Series is equal to at least 15 or 16 of theirs. The defending-champ Chicago Cubs come to Pittsburgh April 24-26. It’s been 118 years since they were last called champs. Cubs fans have always been obnoxious, but will now be downright insufferable. In the past 100 years, they have won only half as many championships as the Miami Marlins. And the Marlins weren’t even a team for 77 of those years. So the Cubs are still losers.  Today, we can just hate the Cubs because they are good. They have an extremely talented nucleus of players who are all young and have somehow panned out. But we can still hate pitcher Jake Arietta for other reasons. He’s as likable as a coke-dealer who parks in a handicapped spot. Arrogance drips off the guy, and it’s just matter of time before his 15 minutes of fame are up. Cubs fans are invading soon, and they will all be wearing World Series shirts. Finally, the Milwaukee Brewers kick off the month of May at PNC. We hate the Brewers already, but they are so sad that it’s not as much fun to boo them as it used to be. Sure, the Brewers have been torturing the Pirates ever since Randall Simon ruined their sausage party (Google it). This team is just Ryan Braun and a bunch of people you and I have never heard of. Except for Neftali Feliz, the new closer, who will be making his non-triumphant return to Pittsburgh. This untalented roster of has-beens and never-will-bes are in town May 5-7. So get out there and yell at the Pirates opponents: Make baseball hate again. Tweet Email Print Favorite Saving… Share Tags: Pirates Preview, Pirates Preview, Pittsburgh Pirates, hate, boo, opponents, Atlanta Braves, Cincinnati Red, New York Yankees, Chicago Cubs, Milwaukee Brewers More Pirates Preview » Speaking of... Pittsburgh Pirates Preview 2017 Mar 29, 2017 Coming off a down year, the Pirates are relying on an infusion of young blood to turn things around Mar 29, 2017 Pirates pitcher Gerrit Cole is looking for a bounce-back year in 2017 Mar 29, 2017 More » Latest in Pirates Preview Pittsburgh Pirates Preview 2017 Mar 29, 2017 Coming off a down year, the Pirates are relying on an infusion of young blood to turn things around Mar 29, 2017 Pirates pitcher Gerrit Cole is looking for a bounce-back year in 2017 Mar 29, 2017 More » Comments Subscribe to this thread: By Email Subscribing… With RSS Comment Add a comment Subscribe to this thread CityPaper Social Media Facebook Pittsburgh CityPaper Twitter PGHCityPaper Instagram Snapchat YouTube RSS Pittsburgh Citypaper Newsletter Subscriptions Listings Events Music Dining Bars -All Dates- Wednesday, March 29 Thursday, March 30 Friday, March 31 Saturday, April 1 Sunday, April 2 Monday, April 3 Tuesday, April 4 Wednesday, April 5 Thursday, April 6 Friday, April 7 Saturday, April 8 Sunday, April 9 Monday, April 10 Tuesday, April 11 Wednesday, April 12 Thursday, April 13 Friday, April 14 Saturday, April 15 Sunday, April 16 Monday, April 17 Tuesday, April 18 Wednesday, April 19 Thursday, April 20 Friday, April 21 Saturday, April 22 Sunday, April 23 Monday, April 24 Tuesday, April 25 Wednesday, April 26 Thursday, April 27 Friday, April 28 -All Categories- ARTS & COMMUNITY   Auditions   Comedy   Dance   Exhibits   Festivals   Fundraisers   Holiday   Kidstuff   Literary   Other Stuff   Outside   Politics   Special   Submissions   Theater   Visual Art   Volunteers -All Neighborhoods-   Turtle Creek   Allison Park   Ambridge   Aspinwall   Avalon   Banksville   Dormont   Beaver   Beaver Falls   Beechview   Bellevue   Bethel Park   Blawnox   Bloomfield   Braddock   McKees Rocks   Bridgeville   Brighton Heights   Brookline   Butler   Canonsburg   Carnegie   Carrick   Castle Shannon   Clairton   Coraopolis   Crafton   Cranberry   Downtown   East Hills   East Liberty   East Pittsburgh   Edgewood   Emsworth   Etna   Forest Hills   Fox Chapel   Friendship   Garfield   Gibsonia   Glenshaw   Green Tree   Greenfield   Greensburg   Harmony   Hazelwood   Highland Park   Hill District   Homestead   Homewood   Jeannette   Knoxville   Larimer   Latrobe   Lawrenceville   Lincoln-Lemington   Mars   McCandless   McKeesport   McMurray   Millvale   Monaca   Monroeville   Moon   Morningside   Mt. Lebanon   Mt. Oliver   Mt. Washington   Natrona Heights   Neville Island   New Brighton   New Castle   New Kensington   North Braddock   North Fayette   North Huntingdon   North Side   North Versailles   O'Hara   Oakland   Oakmont   Ohio Township   Overbrook   Penn Hills   Pleasant Hills   Point Breeze   Polish Hill   Rankin   Regent Square   Robinson   Ross   Saxonburg   Scott   Sewickley   Sewickley Heights   Shadyside   Sharpsburg   Sheraden   Slippery Rock   South Park   South Side   Spring Garden   Springdale   Squirrel Hill   Station Square   Strip District   Swissvale   Tarentum   Troy Hill   Upper St. Clair   Uptown   Verona   Warrendale   Washington   Washington's Landing   Waterfront   West End   West Homestead   West Mifflin   West View   Wexford   Wilkinsburg   Wilmerding   Woods Run   Youngwood   Zelienople Submit an event -All Dates- Wednesday, March 29 Thursday, March 30 Friday, March 31 Saturday, April 1 Sunday, April 2 Monday, April 3 Tuesday, April 4 Wednesday, April 5 Thursday, April 6 Friday, April 7 Saturday, April 8 Sunday, April 9 Monday, April 10 Tuesday, April 11 Wednesday, April 12 Thursday, April 13 Friday, April 14 Saturday, April 15 Sunday, April 16 Monday, April 17 Tuesday, April 18 Wednesday, April 19 Thursday, April 20 Friday, April 21 Saturday, April 22 Sunday, April 23 Monday, April 24 Tuesday, April 25 Wednesday, April 26 Thursday, April 27 Friday, April 28 -All Categories- Acoustic Blues Classical Country DJs Easy Listening/Oldies Hip Hop/R&B Holiday Music Jazz Open Stage Other Music Reggae Rock/Pop World -All Neighborhoods-   Turtle Creek   Allison Park   Ambridge   Aspinwall   Avalon   Banksville   Dormont   Beaver   Beaver Falls   Beechview   Bellevue   Bethel Park   Blawnox   Bloomfield   Braddock   McKees Rocks   Bridgeville   Brighton Heights   Brookline   Butler   Canonsburg   Carnegie   Carrick   Castle Shannon   Clairton   Coraopolis   Crafton   Cranberry   Downtown   East Hills   East Liberty   East Pittsburgh   Edgewood   Emsworth   Etna   Forest Hills   Fox Chapel   Friendship   Garfield   Gibsonia   Glenshaw   Green Tree   Greenfield   Greensburg   Harmony   Hazelwood   Highland Park   Hill District   Homestead   Homewood   Jeannette   Knoxville   Larimer   Latrobe   Lawrenceville   Lincoln-Lemington   Mars   McCandless   McKeesport   McMurray   Millvale   Monaca   Monroeville   Moon   Morningside   Mt. Lebanon   Mt. Oliver   Mt. Washington   Natrona Heights   Neville Island   New Brighton   New Castle   New Kensington   North Braddock   North Fayette   North Huntingdon   North Side   North Versailles   O'Hara   Oakland   Oakmont   Ohio Township   Overbrook   Penn Hills   Pleasant Hills   Point Breeze   Polish Hill   Rankin   Regent Square   Robinson   Ross   Saxonburg   Scott   Sewickley   Sewickley Heights   Shadyside   Sharpsburg   Sheraden   Slippery Rock   South Park   South Side   Spring Garden   Springdale   Squirrel Hill   Station Square   Strip District   Swissvale   Tarentum   Troy Hill   Upper St. Clair   Uptown   Verona   Warrendale   Washington   Washington's Landing   Waterfront   West End   West Homestead   West Mifflin   West View   Wexford   Wilkinsburg   Wilmerding   Woods Run   Youngwood   Zelienople Submit an event -All Categories- RESTAURANTS   American   Asian   Bakery   Barbecue   Breakfast   Brew Pub   Cafe/Coffeehouse   Cambodian   Caribbean   Celtic/Irish   Chinese   Continental   Deli/Sandwich Shop   Delivery   Ethiopian   French   German   Greek/Middle Eastern   Ice Cream and Dessert   Indian   Italian   Japanese   Korean   Latin American   Mexican   Pizza   Polish   Pub Grub   Quick Bites   Seafood   Southern Cuisine   Spanish   Steakhouse   Thai   Vegan/Vegetarian   Vietnamese CULTURE & ENTERTAINMENT   Art gallery   Bar/club   Bookstore   Coffeehouse   Comedy club   Dance club   Exhibition space   Lecture/performance hall   Live theater   Movie theater   Museum   Music venue   Strip club   Wineries, Distilleries, and Breweries COMMUNITY & PUBLIC PLACES   College/university   Hotel   Kids' activities   Library   Park/outdoors -All Neighborhoods-   Turtle Creek   Allison Park   Ambridge   Aspinwall   Avalon   Banksville   Dormont   Beaver   Beaver Falls   Beechview   Bellevue   Bethel Park   Blawnox   Bloomfield   Braddock   McKees Rocks   Bridgeville   Brighton Heights   Brookline   Butler   Canonsburg   Carnegie   Carrick   Castle Shannon   Clairton   Coraopolis   Crafton   Cranberry   Downtown   East Hills   East Liberty   East Pittsburgh   Edgewood   Emsworth   Etna   Forest Hills   Fox Chapel   Friendship   Garfield   Gibsonia   Glenshaw   Green Tree   Greenfield   Greensburg   Harmony   Hazelwood   Highland Park   Hill District   Homestead   Homewood   Jeannette   Knoxville   Larimer   Latrobe   Lawrenceville   Lincoln-Lemington   Mars   McCandless   McKeesport   McMurray   Millvale   Monaca   Monroeville   Moon   Morningside   Mt. Lebanon   Mt. Oliver   Mt. Washington   Natrona Heights   Neville Island   New Brighton   New Castle   New Kensington   North Braddock   North Fayette   North Huntingdon   North Side   North Versailles   O'Hara   Oakland   Oakmont   Ohio Township   Overbrook   Penn Hills   Pleasant Hills   Point Breeze   Polish Hill   Rankin   Regent Square   Robinson   Ross   Saxonburg   Scott   Sewickley   Sewickley Heights   Shadyside   Sharpsburg   Sheraden   Slippery Rock   South Park   South Side   Spring Garden   Springdale   Squirrel Hill   Station Square   Strip District   Swissvale   Tarentum   Troy Hill   Upper St. Clair   Uptown   Verona   Warrendale   Washington   Washington's Landing   Waterfront   West End   West Homestead   West Mifflin   West View   Wexford   Wilkinsburg   Wilmerding   Woods Run   Youngwood   Zelienople -All Neighborhoods-   Turtle Creek   Allison Park   Ambridge   Aspinwall   Avalon   Banksville   Dormont   Beaver   Beaver Falls   Beechview   Bellevue   Bethel Park   Blawnox   Bloomfield   Braddock   McKees Rocks   Bridgeville   Brighton Heights   Brookline   Butler   Canonsburg   Carnegie   Carrick   Castle Shannon   Clairton   Coraopolis   Crafton   Cranberry   Downtown   East Hills   East Liberty   East Pittsburgh   Edgewood   Emsworth   Etna   Forest Hills   Fox Chapel   Friendship   Garfield   Gibsonia   Glenshaw   Green Tree   Greenfield   Greensburg   Harmony   Hazelwood   Highland Park   Hill District   Homestead   Homewood   Jeannette   Knoxville   Larimer   Latrobe   Lawrenceville   Lincoln-Lemington   Mars   McCandless   McKeesport   McMurray   Millvale   Monaca   Monroeville   Moon   Morningside   Mt. Lebanon   Mt. Oliver   Mt. Washington   Natrona Heights   Neville Island   New Brighton   New Castle   New Kensington   North Braddock   North Fayette   North Huntingdon   North Side   North Versailles   O'Hara   Oakland   Oakmont   Ohio Township   Overbrook   Penn Hills   Pleasant Hills   Point Breeze   Polish Hill   Rankin   Regent Square   Robinson   Ross   Saxonburg   Scott   Sewickley   Sewickley Heights   Shadyside   Sharpsburg   Sheraden   Slippery Rock   South Park   South Side   Spring Garden   Springdale   Squirrel Hill   Station Square   Strip District   Swissvale   Tarentum   Troy Hill   Upper St. Clair   Uptown   Verona   Warrendale   Washington   Washington's Landing   Waterfront   West End   West Homestead   West Mifflin   West View   Wexford   Wilkinsburg   Wilmerding   Woods Run   Youngwood   Zelienople DAILY RUNDOWN Sign up for Daily Rundown and get the freshest content sent right to your inbox. Subscribe Looking for a new job? Use our search engine or sign up for job alerts below. Powered by ZipRecruiter CP TV Two world class sumo wrestlers face off for charity at Stage AE More CP TV » Advertise | Archives | Contact Us | Join our Street Team | Freelance/Intern | Comments/Privacy Policy | Subscriptions | RSS Feed © 2017 Pittsburgh City Paper Website powered by Foundation National Advertising by VMG Advertising
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters China Business Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Li & Fung misses estimates with 47pc decline in 2016 profit  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›China Business INTERNATIONAL TRADE Hong Kong company reporting season Hong Kong company reporting season Li & Fung misses estimates with 47pc decline in 2016 profit Revenue and profit fell for the third year, as e-commerce puts producers directly in touch with customers, cutting out the middleman PUBLISHED : Wednesday, 29 March, 2017, 7:04pm UPDATED : Wednesday, 29 March, 2017, 11:11pm Comments:   Eric Ng eric.mpng@scmp.com http://twitter.com/EricNgSCMP Share PrintEmail Related topics Hong Kong company reporting season More on this story Companies Doubts rise over Li & Fung future 9 Feb 2013 Companies First-half net profit at sourcing giant Li & Fung beats analysts’ forecasts 25 Aug 2016 Companies Li & Fung 'past worst' in turnaround push 14 Aug 2013 Markets & Investing Li & Fung a step closer to spin-off listing for its Global Brands business 22 May 2014 Li & Fung bullish on the Delta despite pay rises 1 Jun 2011 Related Articles Banking & Finance Agricultural Bank of China beats expectations on cost savings 29 Mar 2017 Banking & Finance BoCom results improve despite bank being ‘under great pressure’ 28 Mar 2017 Companies Sinopec to spend big on refining and chemicals at Beijing’s behest 27 Mar 2017 Li & Fung, the trading company that epitomises Hong Kong’s role as the bridge from China’s factories to the world, missed estimates and reported its third year of declining profit, as the rise of e-commerce challenges its brick-and-mortar business model. It has set a new three-year target to increase revenue growth by “low double digit” percentages between 2016 and 2019, after failing to reach its profit goals for 2014 to 2016. The company is also aiming to achieve a “low double digit” annual compound average percentage growth on core operating profit in the three years to 2019. It also aims to increase its core operating profit margin to 3 per cent by 2019 from 2.5 per cent last year. Net profit fell 47 per cent to US$223 million last year, missing the US$272.7 million average estimate of 10 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters. Sales slid 11 per cent to US$16.8 billion, the third year of decline, hurt by “customers’ conservative buying programmes”, the sale of a business, and rising popularity of e-commerce that enabled many producers and exporters to go direct to their customers, cutting out the role of the middleman. Excluding non-cash acquisition related items, adjusted net profit fell 24.4 per cent to US$261 million. “This has been one of the toughest trading environments Li & Fung has ever seen,” chief executive Spencer Fung said in a statement. “Macroeconomic conditions weakened, the retail environment worsened, input prices deflated two years in a row, and retailers continued to destock.” Even so, chairman William Fung Kwok-lun, uncle of Spencer Fung, said the company’s 15,000-plus global network of vendors and “breadth and depth of experience in global supply chain management” will play to its advantage in the long run. This is despite the firm’s expectation that the bricks-and-motor retail environment will continue to be difficult, with a continuation of last year’s trend of “unprecedented number of bankruptcies and store closures”. Li & Fung on Wednesday announced it will spend US$150 million between this year and 2019 to “digitalise” its operation “to create the supply chain of the future”. By adopting technologies to produce “virtual” product samples and make use of the vast amount of supply chain data it has access to, the firm aims to cut the retail industry’s average supply chain cycle to 21 weeks from 40 weeks currently, including design, factory selection, production and delivery. Shares of company dipped 0.5 per cent to HK$3.74 before the earnings were announced. The stock has declined 15.6 per cent in a year. The company, co-founded more than a century ago in Guangzhou by Spencer Fung’s great-grandfather, has also been hurt by the strength of the US currency, which eroded the value of receipts from non-dollar markets in dollar terms. Core operating profit, which excludes interest expense, non-operating and non-recurring items, fell 19.6 per cent to US$412 million last year, while the margin on this narrowed to 2.5 per cent, from 2.7 per cent in 2015. The company, a go-between for major retailers such as Wal-Mart Stores and Macy’s, said core operating profit from merchandise sourcing and trading declined 23.6 per cent to US$351.3 million. That’s less than half of the US$871 million target set in 2014 for its three-year business plan. It’s making more money from logistics, with earnings from the service rising 15.6 per cent to US$60.7 million during the period. Still, it is short of its target for last year’s profit to surpass US$71.6 million. The company has proposed paying a final dividend of HK$0.11, bringing the full-year payout to HK$0.23, less than the HK$0.28 in 2015. It will tie its future dividend payouts to net profit attributable to shareholders instead of core operating profit as in the past, since the firm is not expected to book significant acquisition-related accounting gains or losses that detract from its underlying profits. “Our policy to maintain a high dividend payout has not changed, it has been so since our shares’ listing in 1992,” Spencer Fung said. This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: li & fung misses target with lower net profit   Most Popular Viewed 1 Watch out Macau and Vegas: Beijing’s global gambling crackdown revealed 2 Education doesn’t need more money, it needs less 3 China is on the path to global technology dominance 4 Li & Fung misses estimates with 47pc drop in 2016 profit 5 Why the ETF industry is a ticking time bomb Shared 1 Watch out Macau and Vegas: Beijing’s global gambling crackdown revealed 2 China is on the path to global technology dominance 3 Education doesn’t need more money, it needs less 4 Why the ETF industry is a ticking time bomb 5 Li & Fung misses estimates with 47pc drop in 2016 profit Commented 1 Education doesn’t need more money, it needs less 2 Watch out Macau and Vegas: Beijing’s global gambling crackdown revealed 3 HNA arm proposes HK$9.26b rights issue to fund Kai Tak land 4 Why the ETF industry is a ticking time bomb 5 Banks urge staff not to panic as EU and UK start divorce       You may also like Society The Indonesian child maids of Hong Kong, Singapore 26 Mar 2017 - 12:36am 12 Your partner in the cloud In partnership with: Alibaba Cloud Opinion Why a Beijing-Taipei conflict would be lose-lose on all levels 25 Mar 2017 - 6:34pm 34 Style Audemars Piguet’s Royal Oak collection fulfils pledge 23 Mar 2017 - 12:34pm Politics John Tsang: popular with the people, not with the voters 29 Mar 2017 - 12:15am 25 Politics How Hong Kong’s Carrie Lam went from protester to leader in waiting 25 Mar 2017 - 2:34pm 11 Hong Kong Escalator going ‘twice as fast’: witnesses relive mall accident that injured 18 26 Mar 2017 - 7:21pm 28 News Teenage Singaporean blogger Amos Yee granted asylum in U.S. 25 Mar 2017 - 11:29pm 127 World Chinese elders’ Canada immigration bids bog down in Hong Kong 23 Mar 2017 - 12:58pm 27 China Chinese soccer fans flock to the streets after surprise win over South Korea 24 Mar 2017 - 8:41am 22 China 300 flights axed as Beijing airport shuts runway for repairs 23 Mar 2017 - 11:40pm China Hong Kong hopes for boom from AIIB club 24 Mar 2017 - 12:00am 11 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Check out the latest theme park experiences and attractions Business Consumer News Winn-Dixie closing South Orange Blossom Trail supermarket The Winn-Dixie store at 7053 S. Orange Blossom Trail in Orlando. - Original Credit: Orange County Pr Orange County Property Appraiser / Courtesy photo The Winn-Dixie store at 7053 S. Orange Blossom Trail in Orlando. The Winn-Dixie store at 7053 S. Orange Blossom Trail in Orlando. (Orange County Property Appraiser / Courtesy photo) Kyle ArnoldContact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy The Winn-Dixie supermarket on South Orange Blossom Trail will close in May, the grocery confirmed Tuesday. The store at 7053 S. Orange Blossom Trail will close in the coming months, but han exact date has not been set. “While closing stores is never easy for any retailer, we have made this difficult decision after carefully considering the state of the business and the feasibility of reinvesting for our customers,” said a statement from Eddie Garcia, Central Florida regional vice president for Winn-Dixie. “From time to time, the successful execution of our strategy will require us to make the difficult decision to close underperforming stores.” The 65,000-square-foot supermarket is in the Orlando Crossings shopping center and owned by a company called Orlando Crossings Inc., run by Van Nguyen of Winter Springs. The grocery store was one of seven area locations where Winn-Dixie recently closed its pharmacies. There are a few other grocery stores nearby on South Orange Blossom Trail, including a Publix Supermarket and Wal-Mart supercenter store, each just over a half mile from the closing location. Winn-Dixie is based in Jacksonville and part of the Southeastern Grocers chain, which also includes Bi-lo, Harvey’s and Fresco y Mas. Got a news tip? karnold@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5664; Twitter, @kylelarnold or facebook.com/bykylearnold Caption Darden buys value-oriented Cheddar's Scratch Kitchen chain Orlando’s Darden Restaurants purchased discount casual dining restaurant Cheddar’s Scratch Kitchen chain for $780 million Monday. Orlando’s Darden Restaurants purchased discount casual dining restaurant Cheddar’s Scratch Kitchen chain for $780 million Monday. Caption Darden buys value-oriented Cheddar's Scratch Kitchen chain Orlando’s Darden Restaurants purchased discount casual dining restaurant Cheddar’s Scratch Kitchen chain for $780 million Monday. Orlando’s Darden Restaurants purchased discount casual dining restaurant Cheddar’s Scratch Kitchen chain for $780 million Monday. Caption Lawsuit alleges Rosen Hotels & Resorts not covered for data breach fines The lawsuit filed by St. Paul Fire & Marine Insurance Company says Rosen has been slapped with $2.4 million in fines and costs related to a data breach -- but the company is not covered for it. The lawsuit filed by St. Paul Fire & Marine Insurance Company says Rosen has been slapped with $2.4 million in fines and costs related to a data breach -- but the company is not covered for it. Caption Car burglaries spike in tourist corridor Car break-ins soared 165 percent in Orange County's tourist corridor last year. Car break-ins soared 165 percent in Orange County's tourist corridor last year. Caption Red Lobster expands globally Red Lobster is focusing growth internationally after its purchase by Golden Gate Capital in 2014.  Red Lobster is focusing growth internationally after its purchase by Golden Gate Capital in 2014.  Caption BRIDG at NeoCity to open in April The highly-anticipated high-tech research center near Kissimmee, now known as BRIDG, will have grand opening April 13. The highly-anticipated high-tech research center near Kissimmee, now known as BRIDG, will have grand opening April 13. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Publix Super Markets Inc. All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 69°
Opinion Last Word Last Word on CW's fence, March 29 Caption VGTV: March 28 In this edition of VGTV: Zookeeper and TV personality Jack Hanna visited Busch Gardens and Norge Dental Center hosted its sixth annual "Dentistry from the Heart" event, giving away free care.  In this edition of VGTV: Zookeeper and TV personality Jack Hanna visited Busch Gardens and Norge Dental Center hosted its sixth annual "Dentistry from the Heart" event, giving away free care.  Caption VGTV: March 27 In this edition of VGTV: Clara Byrd Baker Elementary hosted a S.T.E.A.M. night and the William and Mary baseball team is in full swing. In this edition of VGTV: Clara Byrd Baker Elementary hosted a S.T.E.A.M. night and the William and Mary baseball team is in full swing. Colonial Williamsburg It's hard to believe that CW wants to put a fence around the Colonial area and charge a fee to get in. Isn't it enough that there is an exorbitant fee to get into the buildings in CW? Now they want more money to walk the streets. This is completely absurd and is pure and simple greed. I, for one, a native born citizen of the area, remember when things were a lot simpler here and money and greed were not the case. It seems now that all that counts is their bottom line. Let me remind the foundation that Williamsburg was here long before they were, and as far as I'm concerned, it's history and streets belong to the people, not them. In regard to The Gazette's lead story on Saturday, about limiting access to Colonial Williamsburg, the newspaper correctly states, "… public street, … the city owns all the streets in the Historic Area, including Duke of Gloucester Street." Correctly and legally, the streets belong to the citizens and people; without the direct approval of the citizens, the city cannot relinquish ownership or control to Colonial Williamsburg. Even then, there is the 'perpetual' clause in the 1928/1930 agreement/deed that the "area be kept open to the public." Does the city and Colonial Williamsburg not understand the meaning of word "perpetual"? Fence off Colonial Williamsburg streets and not only would John D. Rockefeller Jr. turn over in his grave, so would the patriots and founders, who freely walked these great streets. Further, it would return Williamsburg to a city divided, as it was during the War Between the States. To the CW Foundation: Please don't build a border wall around history! Colonial Williamsburg has a revenue problem that fencing in the historic area will not solve. What fencing will do is hide the operational problems the foundation has. It will allow them to do business as usual and reap more revenues without solving these problems. From reading the Last Word for the past 25 years, CW is top-heavy in vice presidents, suffers from expensive poor decisions (health spa) while putting the squeeze on the best part of the operations. Imagine what shape they would be in now if they had succeeded in getting a fence they had proposed in 1974. It would have allowed them to make even more poor decisions. Photos in Williamsburg submitted by readers. Upload your photos at community.vagazette.com, community.dailypress.com or community.tidewaterreview.com. Most of us here came in very large measure because of the wonderful, exciting presence of Colonial Williamsburg. So we feel very proprietorial for "our" people, programs, buildings, grounds, trees, flowers , paintings, furniture — even paint colors. And that is why we are shocked and saddened when "our" interpreters are fired. It's the interpreters who bring all the surroundings, underpinnings to life. Without our people, it's just a static and dusty museum. By building a wall around Colonial Williamsburg, CW will lose revenue in its Colonial (DoG) shops and taverns. Many of those "unticketed" visitors Buy CW guide books and other books and souvenirs at those shops and eat at the taverns. The city itself will lose revenue if CW builds a wall, so I propose that CW pay the city of Williamsburg 10 percent of its annual revenue each year the streets are closed. Also, would locals now have to pay to see Fourth of July festivities or the Grand Illumination? If CW succeeds in closing off the restored area to all but ticketed persons, I foresee the following conversation in many homes: "Well kids, we can afford to go to just one: Colonial Williamsburg or Busch Gardens. Which will it be?" And really for the salaries they make, would a 1 percent or so cut from the higher paid top level into salaries for the public face of Colonial Williamsburg be such a tough choice? Administrators are ubiquitous and versatile; our interpreters are not interchangeable. They know our history. They are amazing. And I doubt they can easily find and slide into other positions elsewhere. They are so much more valuable to us than they can possibly be to any other place! In regards to the CW fence issue. Has anyone even given thought to the fact that there are many tour companies who need to get into the historic area to give their tours? They bring in thousands each year. Many return the next day, after a night tour, because they got to see the town and became intrigued solely because of the tour they took the night prior. Take a look at some of the tour reviews and you will see reference to that fact, over and over. Colonial Williamsburg's plan to fence off the Historic District is an obvious, heavy-handed and transparent negotiating gambit to get more marketing money out of the city. No point in asking rational questions, such as what about the Bruton parishioners' access, because CW is just using this as a bargaining chip. Council should just say "no" to the street closure and insist on the city being part of the review process of so-called marketing materials so we don't have a repeat of the tasteless and shame-producing "Twin Towers in reverse" Super Bowl ad. And make them give back the holiday hams! I am a local Good Neighbor pass holder and appreciate the low cost per year. If CW succeeds in closing off the restored area to non-ticket holders, they will lose about $500 a year from me because I will not be able to take my granddaughters for their two carriage rides a year and birthday dinners at King's Arms tavern when they come to town. I save up to be able to do this with them and relive memories of my childhood growing up here; but I would not be able to buy them each a one day ticket just to do the carriage rides and dinner. On the plus side, if CW builds a wall, the intersection of DoG-Jamestown-Richmond Roads would become safer by cutting down on jaywalkers cutting across the middle of the intersection from the College of William and Mary. Regarding CW wanting to restrict the restored area to paying guests: If they do that, they'd either make sure that each and every site is open every day — no flags in front of sites to indicate whether it is open — we had guests from out of town last summer, and they were disappointed, and a little angry, that they had bought a ticket but several trade shops they wanted to visit were closed for the day. In the 1960s, everything was open. I see a WAVY poll has found that only 22 percent would buy tickets and 78 percent would not. This could backfire, as some people without tickets still buy in the shops and eat in the taverns of the restored area. Instead of looking to fence off the major streets of CW and the businesses that exist there I would recommend either doing better at marketing or cutting the CEO salary and perhaps reducing the large managerial staff at CW. Fencing off DOG street will surely see a larger reduction in people attending CW events. I would not bring my guests to see a fenced off city. Yard work I just came from the Lightfoot Post Office. You have a bush that is grown up and you have to pull way out before you could see a car turn in so you could pull out. Can't something be done and cut the bush down so you could see before somebody gets hit? Thank you. Heather Cordasco I always knew Heather Cordasco was an extraordinary woman. I was trying to get her elected to our public offices, and we, the public, chose to miss out on the service she would have provided. I know her well, personally. She has gratification — her gratification is on her life-saving experience where she donated a kidney to a woman she knows. Heather Cordasco has done a marvelous thing by donating that kidney. Reservations? When one makes a reservation with a restaurant, the parties have entered into an oral contract which is memorialized in the records of said restaurant. If, for any reason, one of the parties can not comply with the obligation created, that party is obligated to inform the other party. Sadly, there is a restaurateur in our community who does not understand this principle. And while this may not rise to the level of legal action, neither I, nor the other 19 people for whom the reservation was made, will soon forget. Days Inn dorm Should we be shocked that the City Council chose to ignore their planning staff recommendation and the many "no" voices from residents in voting to turn over a local hotel to the college? Ok, we can't be shocked but we can be disappointed, even really angry that the council chooses to fall over any demand by the college. Council members, there are residents who do consider the benefit or detriment of your decisions. Your decisions impact us in so many ways and voters will remember the ones that hurt them, their property and their peaceful enjoyment of life. Road work A great big thank you for the removal of the no-turn-on-red sign coming out of Lightfoot Marketplace turning right onto Richmond Road. It was long overdue. Hallelujah! Looking for ... Does anyone know what is being built in the Lowe's parking lot? Editor's note: Walmart is building a gas station. The number for the disabled senior citizen that was put in for the clean box spring and mattress recently printed wrong. The number is 757-775-2613. Thank you. Dr. Jean Clay did retire and her office is closed. You can call them and they will forward your information to whatever doctor you choose them to forward it to. Thank you. I'm trying to find someone to grade a driveway at a reasonable price — at a fair price. Thank you. Looking for a dog stroller so I can take my elderly dog on walks. Please give me a call at 813-545-4340. Thank you. Can anyone recommend a local business that can repair moth holes in a cashmere sweater? Andy Bradshaw just did the closing on a house that I sold. He has been my real estate lawyer since 1979 and has handled the transactions for several sales and purchases of homes for me as well as refinancing mortgages. He is fast, efficient and reasonably priced. He is in Toano and can be reached at 757-566-1282. I highly recommend Andy. Recommended Last week, a friend suggested to me that I call Khalid at We Fix Computers because I had gone to two businesses and they could not solve the problem. Khalid arrived on time, transferred all info to my new iPad and cleaned all info from the older iPad so I could give it to a teacher. I will not hesitate to call Khalid in the future. He speaks when spoken to; otherwise he concentrates on the work to be done. A real gentleman. As a small child, I was in a dentist chair when the office caught on fire. No one was hurt, but it gave me a life-long fear of dentists until I met Dr. Schultz at New Kent County Dental Care. He and his entire staff understand patients' fears and resolve them. I highly recommend them if you have fears like mine. They will take great care of you. They can be reached at 804-932-4940. I went to Capriccio Ristorante for the first time and had the best Caesar salad and "chita alta" pizza I've had since coming to Williamsburg. Magnificent! Capriccio is on Center Street in New Town, 221-8150. I don't have any connection with this restaurant. It truly is great. Virginia Grounds takes care of the landscaped areas in my neighborhood and, over the years, I have seen them transform the entire neighborhood from OK, when they took over, to WOW. I recently had them do some work for me and now I am thrilled to have them help me with my yard. Thanks to Corey Fenton and his awesome team for the wonderful work they do. Contact them at 757-220-1901. Stay on topic In the article, "Art blooms in spring," it says that the organizers "are striving to be LGBT friendly." I just don't understand what does who you have sex with have to do with anything — have to do with any of this. Why is this such an issue to let people know who and how you have sex? Please, someone help me understand this, because straight people don't go around and say, "Guess what? I'm straight." Or, "This is how we do it." Just help me with this, because it's so ridiculous. Everyone is invited to be part of the program. That's all that needs to be said. None of this is about sex. Thank you. Thank you Many thanks to the ladies at Boyer's Diamonds & Jewelry for their assistance in removing a ring from my arthritic finger. It's reassuring to know that, though Dr. Boyer has retired, members of his trusted team are still on hand and continue to provide excellent customer service. The patients and staff of Olde Towne Medical Center would like to thank Dr. Jean Clay, podiatrist, for her generous donation of furniture and equipment to our clinic on her retirement. Best wishes to Dr. Clay. Copyright © 2017, The Virginia Gazette Job Layoffs Unemployment and Layoffs Busch Gardens Orlando Pictures: Williamsburg-area photos from readers Last Word Gazette News Video News Community Sports Life Obits Last Word eNewspaper Advertise 46°
