WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Trader Extra Nike Needs a Breather Known for just doing it, the company stumbled in 2016. By Ben Levisohn Biography December 17, 2016 Nike (NKE), the company known for just doing it, stumbled in 2016. And it might not be able to get back on its feet in 2017. Nike’s route from “just do it” to “can’t do it” stemmed from its inability to keep pace with a changing footwear landscape. Consumer preference has shifted from Nike’s sports shoes to trendier styles, allowing competitors—Adidas (ADDYY) and Under Armour (UA), among them—to flourish in a way they haven’t in years. That heightened competition has hit Nike’s gross margins, which were off two percentage... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. 3 Undervalued Blue Chips Set to Thrive This Year Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. The Party Could Stop at Buffalo Wild Wings This Year Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. CVS Has an Edge on Walgreens Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Tesla Misses the Mark Again Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Stockpicker's Delight 2 3 Undervalued Investments for the Year Ahead 3 How to Make Your Christmas Bonus Work for You Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Biondo Investment Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) USA Financial Portformulas Corp Has $3,905,000 Position in Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Stake Boosted by State of Tennessee Treasury Department Bokf Na Has $3,917,000 Stake in Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Northpointe Capital LLC Increases Stake in Old Republic International Corporation (ORI) Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (FOX) is University of Notre Dame DU Lac’s 6th Largest Position Prudential Financial Inc. Cuts Stake in Delek US Holdings, Inc. (DK) NutriSystem Inc (NTRI) Position Raised by James Investment Research Inc. Silver Wheaton Corp (SLW) Shares Sold by James Investment Research Inc. American States Water Company (AWR) Director Lloyd E. Ross Sells 1,100 Shares K. Phil Yoo Sells 2,000 Shares of Antero Resources Corporation (AR) Stock Century Bancorp, Inc. (CNBKA) Major Shareholder James J. Filler Buys 806 Shares Loeb Partners Corp Lowers Stake in Time Warner Inc. (TWX) Bokf Na Buys 301 Shares of Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX) Shares Bought by Bokf Na Laurion Capital Management LP Has $4,407,000 Stake in Calpine Corporation (CPN) Convergence Investment Partners LLC Acquires 53,294 Shares of Morgan Stanley (MS) Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (EGRX) Trading Down 8.6% on Insider Selling Jack In The Box Inc. (JACK) Director David Goebel Sells 1,376 Shares Cardtronics PLC (CATM) CEO Steven A. Rathgaber Sells 6,000 Shares Bank of Montreal Can Boosts Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) Posted by Abby Graham on Dec 23rd, 2016 // No Comments Tweet Bank of Montreal Can boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by 4.3% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 4,425,911 shares of the retailer’s stock after buying an additional 180,969 shares during the period. Bank of Montreal Can’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $319,196,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of WMT. Cape Cod Five Cents Savings Bank raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 10.4% in the second quarter. Cape Cod Five Cents Savings Bank now owns 3,975 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $291,000 after buying an additional 375 shares during the last quarter. Visionary Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 5.6% in the second quarter. Visionary Asset Management Inc. now owns 38,029 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $2,780,000 after buying an additional 2,030 shares during the last quarter. Davis R M Inc. acquired a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter worth $207,000. Lodestar Investment Counsel LLC IL raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 3.4% in the second quarter. Lodestar Investment Counsel LLC IL now owns 118,383 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $8,644,000 after buying an additional 3,877 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Private Bank & Trust Co. raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 27.5% in the second quarter. Private Bank & Trust Co. now owns 15,299 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $1,117,000 after buying an additional 3,301 shares during the last quarter. 28.80% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) opened at 69.59 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $213.86 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.10 and a beta of 0.11. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has a 12 month low of $60.20 and a 12 month high of $75.19. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $70.62 and its 200 day moving average is $71.49. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.02. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The firm had revenue of $118.20 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $118.69 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $1.03 earnings per share. Wal-Mart Stores’s revenue for the quarter was up .5% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Bank of Montreal Can Boosts Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT)” was first published by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2016/12/23/bank-of-montreal-can-boosts-stake-in-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. WMT has been the topic of a number of research reports. Barclays PLC reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a $82.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Sunday, November 13th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. set a $72.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday, October 11th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, October 18th. BMO Capital Markets restated an “underperform” rating and set a $72.80 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Saturday, November 19th. Finally, Nomura set a $81.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, November 21st. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have given a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $75.06. In related news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total value of $5,185,352.04. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. 51.55% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Daniel M. Junius Purchases 5,000 Shares of GlycoMimetics Inc. (GLYC) Stock Next » Eastman Chemical Co. (EMN) Stake Reduced by BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 06, 8:45 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe National Last-Minute Holiday Shopping 2016: Best Buy, Walmart, Target And More Store Hours Before Christmas By Janice Williams @manhattanjan On 12/23/16 AT 10:10 AM Close With Christmas steadily approaching, holiday shoppers were running out time to buy last minute gifts. Luckily for them, some retailers will be open with extended hours until Sunday, so folks needing to pick up a few extra presents will still have some time to take care of all their holiday needs before the holiday arrives. Read on for holiday hours at major retailers like Best Buy, Walmart, Target and more. Walmart: The superstore has faced a ton of backlash over the year for extending holiday shopping hours that started as early as 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving Day, forcing some workers to miss out on their own holiday celebration. This year, however, Walmart will try to spread a little yuletide cheer by not only remaining closed on Christmas day but also cutting store hours on Christmas Eve. In past years the store closed at 8 p.m. on Christmas Eve. This holiday season Walmart will close at 6 p.m. on Saturday and won’t reopen until Monday. Related Stories Last-Minute Tech Christmas Gifts Best Christmas Gaming Deals Best Buy: The electronics store extended shopping hours as of Thanksgiving and will remain open until 11 p.m. Friday. However, the store will only be open from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. on Christmas Eve and will remain closed on Sunday. Target: The store was open for business on Thanksgiving Day, but shoppers shouldn’t expect the same holiday hours for Christmas. Target closes at midnight on Friday and was scheduled to stay open from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. on Christmas Eve. The store was expected to be closed on Christmas day, but will reopen Monday at 7 a.m. Toys ‘R Us: Although it may be hard to snag some of the hottest toys of the season now – Hatchimals and other popular toys sold out not long after stores opened up on Black Friday – the toy retailer will remain open from 6 a.m. Friday until 9 p.m. Christmas Eve. Toys ‘R Us will be closed all day on Christmas. Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Business Donald Trump Attacks Toyota On Twitter The president-elect has previously targeted other automakers, including General Motors in a recent tweet, and Ford Motor on the campaign trail. Technology NVIDIA, Mercedes-Benz Will Make An AI-Powered Car The two companies announced the partnership at CES this week. World War Over Water? In Central Asia, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and China Battle Over Dry Land Seasonal snow melt generally feeds into area rivers, providing water to communities in Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and the Xinjiang region in China. National Esteben Santiago Isn't The First Ex-Serviceman To Turn Weapons On Civilians Reports indicate he served in both the Alaska and Puerto Rico National Guard. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Share 53 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-06 ‘Yuri On Ice’ Story Isn’t Ripped-Off For ‘Love On Ice’? Hallmark Channel Responds To Plagiarism Claims By Fans Of Yuri And Victor’s Story Entertainment 2017-01-06 George R. R. Martin Still Silent About ‘The Winds Of Winter,’ 2017 Release Date Might Happen Entertainment 2017-01-05 Inauguration Day 2017 Entertainment Update: Trump Struggles To Get Performers While Obama’s Farewell Party Is Already Filled To The Brim Entertainment 2017-01-05 Winning Floats From 2017 Rose Parade News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-06 Charles Manson Too Risky For Surgery, Back To Prison? News 2017-01-06 Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting: How Did Esteban Santiago Get Through Security With A Gun In His Checked Luggage? News 2017-01-06 Dylann Roof: Full Transcript Of Charleston Church Shooter’s Opening Statement News 2017-01-06 Michelle Obama Makes Tearful Promise To Young People In Moving Final Speech As FLOTUS [Video] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Big Update On Shelton Benjamin’s WWE Return, Veteran Says He Won’t Be At ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: NJPW Star Kenny Omega Says He Is Stepping Away From Japan, Possible WWE Jump Upcoming? Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Goldberg To Wrestle At ‘Fastlane’ In Marquee Match Set Up On ‘RAW’ Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: WWE Determined To Make WrestleMania 33 Main Event Great After Watching Wrestle Kingdom 11 Main Event Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-06 New Ebola Vaccine Can’t Be Used For Prevention, World Health Organization Warns Health 2017-01-06 Coca-Cola Sued For Marketing Deception, What Are The Long Term Health Effects Of Sugary Drinks? Health 2017-01-05 Mysterious Marijuana Illness Spikes In Legalized States Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Technology 2017-01-06 As iPhone Sales Decline, So Too Does Apple’s Employees’ Pay Gaming 2017-01-06 Steam Compatible Controllers Expanding: Soon PC Gamers Can Use Console Input Devices With All Games Gaming 2017-01-06 The ‘Shenmue 3’ Release Date Is Happening, But An HD Remaster? ‘Shenmue HD’ Domain Grabbed By Sega Europe Gaming 2017-01-06 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ 1.6 Update: Reddit User Finds Dark Zone Leaderboard, Possible PTS Date Hint, And Microtransactions In The Future? [Rumors] BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-06 ‘Black Twitter’ Roasts ‘Yahoo Finance’ For N-Word Twitter Typo: ‘Trump Wants A Much N***** Navy’ Screenshot Trends BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Golden Globe Awards 2017: Who Will Win And Where To Watch? BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Zombie Outbreak Would Kill Nearly All Humanity In 100 Days, UK Scientists Claim BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Trump’s New Hair Photo: Combed-Back Hairstyle In Instagram Pic Makes Trump Look ‘Presidential’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Stores Open Late Christmas Eve: Best Buy, Target, Toys R Us, Walmart, Other Stores Open For Last-Minute Gift Shoppers Shopping 53 0 0 December 23, 2016 Stores Open Late Christmas Eve: Best Buy, Target, Toys R Us, Walmart, Other Stores Open For Last-Minute Gift Shoppers Cheryl P What time do stores close on Christmas Eve? Whether you need to buy a few last-minute gifts or are just getting started on your holiday shopping, many stores are extending their holiday hours as late as 10 p.m. on Saturday night. Walmart, Target, Costco, Toys R Us, Kohl’s, Macy’s, Best Buy, and other popular retail stores are all open on December 24, but some retailers will be closing earlier than others. Readers can find a sizable list of Christmas Eve closing times below so they can plan their route, get their shopping done, and get home to start wrapping. And if you are preparing Christmas dinner and need to make a mad dash to the supermarket, we’ve got you covered with a list of closing times for popular grocery stores across the U.S., as well as info on stores that are open on Christmas Day. And for shoppers who need to get in and out of stores as quickly as possible, Deal News reported that nine major retailers are offering Christmas Eve pickup for orders placed online including Target, Walmart, Apple, Best Buy, Bed, Bath & Beyond, Macy’s, Nordstrom, and Pier One. Cutoff times for ordering vary by store, but all orders must be placed by Friday, December 23 to qualify for December 24 pickup. Christmas shopping in NYC [Image by Mario Tama/Getty Images] Last-minute holiday shoppers can expect crowded parking lots and long lines at big-box stores and malls across the nation as we enter into the frantic final hours of holiday shopping. Although many stores have been staying open until as late as midnight in the days leading up to Christmas, WWLP reports that most Kohl’s stores have been open 24 hours a day since Tuesday and Toys R Us will stay open for 39 hours straight from 6 a.m. on December 23 until 9 p.m. on Christmas Eve. Is Walmart open late on Christmas Eve? Holiday shoppers who are hoping to make Walmart their last stop on Christmas Eve will be disappointed to find out that the retailer is closing two hours earlier than last year. According to CNN Money, all Walmart stores will be closing at 6 p.m. on Saturday night in an effort to help employees spend more time with their families. Christmas Eve Closing Times — Retail Stores and Grocery Stores Albertson’s – 9 p.m. Apple Store – 6 p.m. Barnes and Noble – 6 p.m. Bed, Bath & Beyond – 6 p.m. Best Buy – 6 p.m. Big Lots – 10 p.m. Dollar Tree – 7 p.m. Dillard’s – 6 p.m. H-E-B – 8 p.m. Kmart – 10 p.m. Kohl’s – 6 p.m. Lowe’s – 6 p.m. Macy’s – 6 p.m. Meijer – 7 p.m. Old Navy – 7 p.m. Publix – 7 p.m. REI – 9 p.m. Rite-Aid – 7 p.m. Target – 10 p.m. Toys R Us – 9 p.m. Trader Joe’s – 6 p.m. Walmart – 6 p.m. Whole Foods – 8 p.m. Note: Store hours may vary by location Stores Open Christmas Day Stores open Christmas Day [Image by Alex Kich/iStock Photo] If you stores have closed by the time you get around to doing your shopping, you don’t have to show up at your relative’s house empty-handed. A few stores will be open on Christmas Day, but you may be limited to buying candy, gift cards, and lottery tickets — and those are all great gifts, especially if the recipient cashes in on millions thanks to the Powerball ticket your bought them. Many convenience stores and pharmacies including 7-11, Speedway, CVS, Walgreens, and Cumberland Farms will be open on Sunday. Hours vary, but some stores are open 24-hours. And there’s a big surprise for anyone who needs groceries — The Balance reports that Albertson’s stores will be open 8 a.m. – 4 p.m. on Christmas Day. Restaurants open Christmas Day According to a previous report by the Inquisitr, a number of restaurants will be open on Christmas Day and that’s good news for folks who don’t want to cook. Although the always-popular Cracker Barrel will close at 2 p.m. on Christmas Eve and remain closed on Christmas, there are other options for cheap holiday dinners including Golden Corral and Hometown Buffet. [Featured Image by Jeff J Mitchell/Getty Images] Now Read This: A Mom Sent Another Mom A Bill For $400 After Her Daughter’s Shoes Got Scuffed Up On Playdate Share 53 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Cheryl P Tags: christmas, christmas eve, Shopping January 6, 2017 David Byrne Says Talking Heads Reunion Would Be ‘A Number Of Steps Backwards’ January 6, 2017 5 Dead, 8 Injured In Ft. Lauderdale International Airport Shooting View full timeline 3 days ago Christmas Eve Crash Involving Alleged Drunk Driver Leaves 13-Year-Old California Boy Paralyzed 5 days ago Brad Pitt Emerges From ‘Worst Holiday Season Ever’ As A ‘Broken’ Man Comments LATEST HEADLINES Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly Talks About Russian Interference A Mom Sent Another Mom A Bill For $400 After Her Daughter’s Shoes Got Scuffed Up On Playdate David Byrne Says Talking Heads Reunion Would Be ‘A Number Of Steps Backwards’ As iPhone Sales Decline, So Too Does Apple’s Employees’ Pay Britney Spears ‘Womanizer’ Is Trending On The Internet NBA Trade Rumors: Andrew Bogut To Celtics, Deron Williams To Cavs, Jae Crowder To Heat, Goran Dragic To Mavericks Highlight Seven-Player Deal New Ebola Vaccine Can’t Be Used For Prevention, World Health Organization Warns Marvel’s ‘Thor: Ragnarok’ Synopsis Confirms Thor v. Hulk Battle Rumors ‘The Crown’ Renews Interest In Queen Elizabeth As Polls Show Subjects Want Monarchy Abolished South Carolina State Troopers Will No Longer Give A Book Containing Bible Verses To Grieving Families Because An Atheist Complained Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Oliver Stone Accuses Mainstream Media Of Reporting Fake News About Russia 7.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 51.4k 0 0 George Lopez Turns Down Trump Inauguration Invite, Calls Him ‘Tiny Hands’ In Mean-Spirited Jab 6k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 63 0 0 WWE News: Jimmy Snuka Cleared Of All Murder Charges 2.8k 0 0 Group Of Four Teenagers Kidnap And Torture Special Needs Child In Chicago, Post Live Video On Facebook [Graphic Footage] 9 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Stephens Investment Management Group LLC Acquires 11,424 Shares of Pioneer Natural Resources Company (PXD) Bokf Na Purchases 693 Shares of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (REGN) State of Tennessee Treasury Department Cuts Stake in McCormick & Company, Incorporated (MKC) Seizert Capital Partners LLC Has $3,810,000 Position in UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) USA Financial Portformulas Corp Takes Position in Raytheon Company (RTN) Evoke Pharma’s (EVOK) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at FBR & Co Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Shares Sold by Stephens Inc. AR Everence Capital Management Inc. Has $3,858,000 Position in J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) FARO Technologies, Inc. (FARO) Stake Increased by Piermont Capital Management Inc. Northpointe Capital LLC Raises Stake in LSI Industries Inc. (LYTS) Culp, Inc. (CFI) Position Raised by James Investment Research Inc. DST Systems, Inc. (DST) Position Increased by Piermont Capital Management Inc. Redwood Trust, Inc. (RWT) Stake Boosted by Prudential Financial Inc. Insider Selling: Level 3 Communications, Inc. (LVLT) Insider Sells 312 Shares of Stock Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH Buys New Stake in Allergan PLC. (AGN) Convergence Investment Partners LLC Lowers Position in Southwest Gas Corporation (SWX) Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Shares Bought by Profund Advisors LLC Insider Selling: Cadiz, Inc. (CDZI) CFO Sells 32,000 Shares of Stock Richard K. Vitelle Sells 10,100 Shares of CalAmp Corp. (CAMP) Stock Insider Selling: Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Director Sells 6,500 Shares of Stock Sei Investments Co. Acquires 77,037 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) December 23rd, 2016 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Sei Investments Co. raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by 13.5% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 649,356 shares of the retailer’s stock after buying an additional 77,037 shares during the period. Sei Investments Co.’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $46,833,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Banced Corp purchased a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter worth approximately $533,000. Johanson Financial Advisors Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 12.8% in the second quarter. Johanson Financial Advisors Inc. now owns 4,299 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $315,000 after buying an additional 487 shares during the last quarter. Boys Arnold & Co. Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 71.0% in the second quarter. Boys Arnold & Co. Inc. now owns 41,722 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $3,047,000 after buying an additional 17,318 shares during the last quarter. MAI Capital Management boosted its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 1.0% in the second quarter. MAI Capital Management now owns 4,115 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $300,000 after buying an additional 41 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Physicians Financial Services Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.7% in the second quarter. Physicians Financial Services Inc. now owns 44,692 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $3,263,000 after buying an additional 309 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 28.80% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) traded down 0.29% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $69.39. The company had a trading volume of 862,186 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $70.62 and its 200 day moving average price is $71.49. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has a 12 month low of $60.20 and a 12 month high of $75.19. The firm has a market capitalization of $213.25 billion, a PE ratio of 15.05 and a beta of 0.11. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.96 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $118.20 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $118.69 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up .5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business posted $1.03 EPS. Equities analysts anticipate that Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally posted by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2016/12/23/sei-investments-co-acquires-77037-shares-of-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. A number of equities research analysts have recently commented on WMT shares. KeyCorp started coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Thursday, September 29th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $90.00 price objective on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 6th. Credit Suisse Group AG initiated coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, September 16th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $80.00 price objective on the stock. Guggenheim initiated coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, September 30th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $82.00 price target on the stock. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $72.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, October 10th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have issued a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $75.06. In other news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total value of $5,185,352.04. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. 51.55% of the stock is owned by insiders. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes Democrats Promise to Undermine Certain Cabinet Confirmations Sanctions Leveled by the U.S. Against Russia for Hacking Inauguration Planners Bracing for Large Numbers of Protesters © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2016. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
ActionNewsJax.com LIVE http://www.actionnewsjax.com/cmg-main-theme/css ActionNewsJax.com SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wjax profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close 12386682 Home 12386742 News Hurricane Matthew County by County Weird Florida Nation & World Skyvision Action Button Links Download News App 12386688 Weather First Alert Doppler HD Interactive Radar First Alert Wx App Sky Cams Hour by Hour 7-Day Forecast Weekend Forecast Hurricane Center Talking the Tropics Buresh Blog Weather Photos 12386748 Traffic First Alert Traffic Twitter Gas Prices 12386964 Watch Watch Live Stream Watch Latest Newscast Video Social Media Photo Galleries Action News Jax Sunday 15413233 Investigates Restaurant Report Predator Alert 12386760 Sports Action Sports Jax Jacksonville Jaguars Friday Night Blitz Georgia - Florida Game Rolex 24 Contest SEC Sports ACC Sports Dream 18 Fight for the Fedora 12386850 Family Focus Community Calendar MLK Live the Dream Contest American Red Cross Jax Health and Fitness Expo MSABC Florida's Children First 166575486 About Us Action News Jax Team What's On WJAX-TV Get TV MeTV on MyTVJax Talent Appearances Submit Events Contact Us Jobs at Cox Millennials at CMG 417767243 Local Solutions 166656945 Home for Good Jax 166650644 Jax Dream Home Pros 413973870 Zika virus in Florida 479788656 Holiday Toy Drive More BREAKING NEWS Parents of Florida kids found living in car not monsters, aid workers say by: Jorge Milian, The Palm Beach Post Updated: Dec 23, 2016 - 10:14 AM Twtter GREENACRES, Fla. - The parents found living in a car with five malnourished children at Walmart parking lot are not the monsters some people might think, according to directors of a resource center that aided the family. Rikki Hart and Donell Barron remain in the Palm Beach County Jail in lieu of $1,000 bail and are facing five counts of child neglect. A deputy found the family inside a Toyota during a routine patrol Saturday morning at the Walmart at Forest Hill Boulevard just east of Jog Road. Related Headlines 5 malnourished children found living in car at Walmart, deputies say Florida woman awakens to dead newborn in bed for second time Two of the children were diagnosed as “severely malnourished,” including a 14-year-old boy who weighed only 50 pounds when he was found. The children are now in the custody of the Florida Department of Children and Families. Timothy and Lorraine Motlow, who run the Helping Hands assistance program at 2930 Jog Road, provided the family with food, clothing and toys for nearly seven hours Saturday while Palm Beach County sheriff’s deputies sorted out the situation at a church next to the resource center. The Motlows said the children’s parents were “distraught” and that Barron kept asking, “How did it get this far?” Barron told deputies the family had been living in the car for about two months after they were evicted from their Port St. Lucie home in May. The couple told the Motlows that Hart had a miscarriage this year while 8 1/2 months pregnant and they “have not recovered from that.” “They are loving parents,” Timothy Motlow said of Hart and Barron, both 34. “They were doing all they can. The kids were happy and very loving with their parents. Things just snowballed for them.” Motlow said Hart and Barron did not realize the extent of their children’s poor health. Barron told deputies the children — ages 14, 8, 6, 5 and 4 — ate only vegetables and bread once a day. Lorraine Motlow said she was told by fire rescue workers that the 14-year-old boy would have died if he had remained in the car much longer. “We didn’t realize he was 14 because he was so small and tiny,” Lorraine Motlow said. The Motlow praised the work of deputies, saying the children were allowed to remain with their parents until they were taken to Palms West Hospital in Loxahatchee for evaluation. Hart and Barron remained behind and were arrested after the children departed. Barron made several bizarre comments, according to an arrest report. He is a “world citizen” with a given name as well as a “corporate name,” he told deputies. A blog compiled by the couple includes an “amendment to the State of Pennsylvania vital statistics” in which they claim to be members of the nation of Yammasee Imazighan. Barron told deputies that he is a Native American and “is not property of the U.S. or any corporation.” Robin Johnson, Hart’s mother, said her daughter was a good mother and added she and Hart’s father “were working diligently to make sure the children are safe.” Johnson declined further comment. “When you’re being taken by the police, hope seems to go out the window,” Timothy Motlow said. “But we shared with (Barron) that from this point forward, things can get better and we’re here to help them.” To that end, the Motlows and their volunteers at Helping Hands put together two bags of toys for the children and another sack filled with chips and goodies. They hope to have the gifts delivered to the children, who have been placed in foster care. “My heart goes out to them,” said Lorraine Motlow, who is a great grandmother. “I wish I could have taken those kids and brought them home.” The Motlows have been running Helping Hands, which helps struggling families get on their feet, since 2004. “They’re not the only family out there like that,” Lorraine Motlow said. © 2017 Cox Media Group. Twtter Parents of Florida kids found living in car not monsters, aid workers say US veteran arrested in airport shooting; 5 dead, 8 wounded AFI honorees toast each other ahead of Golden Globe Awards Spieth makes 9 birdies and has 2 bad holes at Kapalua Reynolds, Fisher laid to rest at Hollywood Hills cemetery News Local News National/World News Video Traffic First Alert Weather Interactive Radar First Alert Doppler HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WJAX/WFOX What's on CBS47/ FOX30 WFOX Public File WFOX EEOC Statement WJAX Public File WJAX EEOC Statement Jobs © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
toggle menu Be The Boss Kids Edition She's the Boss Entertainment Love & Relationships Hair Fashion Health MN Business Parenting WATCH MORE Walmart Stops Selling “Bulletproof: Black Lives Matter” Tees December 23, 2016  |   By Ann Brown 0 Comments Walmart has announced it will stop selling T-shirts that read “Bulletproof: Black Lives Matter” the same day police called to protest. On Dec. 20th, the president of the National Fraternal Order of Police (FOP), which is the largest police organization in the U.S., requested that Walmart cease selling tees and sweatshirts with the words “Black Lives Matter” and “Bulletproof” on the store’s website. That same night, Walmart “said it would remove the shirts which say”‘Bulletproof,” but not the “Black Lives Matter” shirts. FOP President Chuck Canterbury sent a letter to Walmart CEO C. Douglas McMillon advising him Walmart’s website was selling “offensive shirts and sweatshirts,” writing, “I urge you to prohibit the use of the Walmart name and website for the retail sale of these products.” He added: “I am concerned that allowing these articles to be sold in this way will damage your company’s good name amongst FOP members and other active and retired law enforcement officers.” Canterbury added, “Commercializing our differences will not help our local police and communities to build greater trust and respect for one another.” In response: Walmart issued a statement that said: “Like other online retailers, we have a marketplace with millions of items offered by third parties that includes Blue Lives Matter, Black Lives Matter and All Lives Matter merchandise. After hearing concerns from customers, we are removing the specific item with the ‘bulletproof’ reference.” The “bulletproof” shirts say “Bulletproof” with “Black Lives Matter” beneath that line. According to Chris Kappelman, the head buyer for Old Glory, which offers the shirts to Walmart, “Walmart had not contacted his company before removing some of their product. But he noted that Old Glory sells more than a half million shirts, including ‘All Lives Matter’ and ‘All Matter Matters,’ and they were not looking to offend anyone. He said they had removed the “Bulletproof” shirts from other third-party sites as well,” reported The Washington Post. The Fraternal Order of Police also followed up with a similar letter to Amazon.com. Trending on MadameNoire View Comments Comment Disclaimer: Comments that contain profane or derogatory language, video links or exceed 200 words will require approval by a moderator before appearing in the comment section. XOXO-MN Stay in the know. Sign up for the newsletter. Popular Stories Entertainment Love & Relationships Hair MN Business Health Terms of Use Advertising About Contact Us MadameNoire is a sophisticated lifestyle publication that gives African-American women the latest in fashion trends, black entertainment news, parenting tips and beauty secrets that are specifically for black women. Black women seek information on a wide variety of topics including African-American hair care, health issues, relationship advice and career trends - and MadameNoire provides all of that. MadameNoire ® Copyright © 2010-2017 Moguldom Media Group. All Rights Reserved | Moguldom Multicultural
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region Real-Time News from AL.com What time does Walmart close Christmas Eve? Store hours for Dec. 24 By  Leada Gore | lgore@al.com AL.com Email the author Follow on Twitter on December 23, 2016 at 10:16 AM, updated December 23, 2016 at 7:40 PM Print Email Walmart will close at 6 p.m. on Christmas Eve.File photo/Gulflive.com  Most Walmart stores are open around-the-clock but the nation's largest retailer will be closing early on Christmas Eve. Walmart stores around the country will close at 6 p.m. Dec. 24, two hours earlier than the previous year. "Our associates work hard all year to make this holiday season special for our customers, and we appreciate what they do every day," said Judith McKenna, chief operating officer, Walmart U.S. "We also know that getting home on Christmas Eve to spend time with families is important. That's why this year we'll be closing at 6 p.m. on Christmas Eve." Customers who order an item available for pickup on line by 6 p.m. local time on Dec. 23 will be able to pick up their items before closing time on Dec. 24. Store pick-up is free but only available on select items. It's an increasingly population option with Walmart customers, with as many as 10 times more pickup orders taking place during the holidays compared to an average day. Walmart stores will reopen at 6 a.m. on Dec. 26. The retailer has stepped up its online presence this Christmas season and made efforts towards speeding up the in-store experience as well. In December, Walmart announced it would use existing employees as "Holiday Helpers" to assist with checkout procedures. The specially designated employees assisted customers in finding the shortest lines and with self-check out and directed new checkout lanes when needed. Walmart also utilized pick-up managers to speed up the in-store process. About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Channels  Music  Style  Pop Culture  Sports  Sneakers  Life  Best and Worst of 2016  Videos  Shop More from Complex  GO90  First We Feast  Pigeons & Planes  Collider  Sole Collector  Green Label  Ride Channel SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Life Life 89-Year-Old Pennsylvania Man Takes Wrong Turn on Way to Walmart, Ends Up 900 Miles Away in Alabama Share Tweet 89-Year-Old Pennsylvania Man Takes Wrong Turn on Way to Walmart, Ends Up 900 Miles Away in Alabama By Mac McCann Freelance writer. @MacMcCannTX. MacMcCannTX.com. Dec 23, 2016 Share Tweet 0 Video via AL.com / Facebook An 89-year-old Pennsylvania man took a wrong turn on his way to store, and ended up 900 miles away in Alabama.  On Saturday, Jody Tarbutton got in his truck planning to go to the local Walmart to pick up some electrical supplies, according to WVTM. But it didn't work out as planned. The Walmart is about two miles away from Tarbutton's home in Boothwyn, Pennsylvania, a small town about 20 miles from Philadelphia. The weather was bad, and somewhere along the way he took a wrong turn. And then Tarbutton, who didn't have a cell phone, kept going. And going. And going. Related Watch an 89-Year-Old WWII Vet Score a Touchdown at the Kansas Alumni Game This 89-Year-Old Sneakerhead Only Wanted LeBrons for Her Birthday Canadian Grandma Sentenced for Trying to Smuggle 155,000 Ecstasy Pills Into America His daughter, Cindy Gatta, eventually started to wonder, and filed a missing person's report. She told WVTM, "I went to his house and I couldn't locate him and when I went to the garage his truck was gone."  On Monday morning, after driving 897 miles, Tarbutton ended up at the Galley Restaurant in Haleyville, Alabama, where he encountered police officers Clay Wilson, Rodney Lewis, and Austin Lewis, according to AL.com. Haleyville Chief Kyle Reogas explained, "He asked where he was and told them he was lost." He went on, "He didn't know where he was supposed to be, so the officers ran his license information and found out he was listed as missing and endangered in Pennsylvania." Tarbutton was taken to the police station, where officers contacted his family. Then, he was taken to a local hospital to be treated for dehydration and high blood pressure.  Tarbutton is now back home safe with his family, which Gatta called "a Christmas miracle," according to NBC Philadelphia.  The Associated Press reported that Gatta "said her father has never been clinically diagnosed with dementia and attributed his unexpected road trip to old age and forgetfulness." WatchNow Tags: News, Alabama, Pennsylvania, Missing Person  Like  Follow  Chat Show Comments 0 Lateststories Former Mexican President Says Mexico is 'Not Paying For That F*cking Wall' BY Aaron Mansfield 1 hour ago Intelligence Report Reveals Putin Ordered 'Influence Campaign' With 'Clear Preference' for Trump BY Trace Cowen 3 hours ago Pop Culture Arnold Schwarzenegger and Trump Are in a Twitter War and It's Amazingly Petty BY Gavin Evans 4 hours ago #BLMKidnapping Is An Old Racist Trick BY Donovan Ramsey 5 hours ago At Least 5 Dead in Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting, Suspect in Custody (UPDATE) BY Trace Cowen 5 hours ago 15 of the Most Powerful Women In the Weed Industry BY Sophie Saint Thomas 6 hours ago Joe Biden Tells Donald Trump To 'Grow Up' in New Video Interview BY Gavin Evans 6 hours ago Viral Photo Has People Swearing a Demon Showed Up in Arizona to Ring in the New Year BY Trace Cowen 7 hours ago Yahoo's Major Screwup Turns Into Hilarious Black Twitter Trending Topic BY Khal 9 hours ago Michelle Obama Speaks to Young People During Final Speech as First Lady: 'Don't Be Afraid' BY Trace Cowen 9 hours ago NowTrending SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Contact UsTerms of Use CareersPrivacy Policy AdvertiseSite Map Feeds MusicStyle Pop CultureSports SneakersLife © Complex Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home Earnings Finance Global Markets About Us Privacy Policy Search Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Yankee Analysts Home Earnings Finance Global Markets About Us Privacy Policy Imax Signs 11-Theater Deal with Regal Entertainment Kristina Carr - January 6, 2017 0 Crude Edges Down In Asia As U.S. Rig Count Data Ahead Kristina Carr - December 23, 2016 0 Brookdale Senior Living Climbs 4% Kristina Carr - December 20, 2016 0 JAKKS Pacific Shares Drop to 3-Year Low Brian Maguire - December 19, 2016 0 Aspen Appoints Richard Thornton as Group COO Nick Reardon - December 16, 2016 0 Micro Cap Imax Signs 11-Theater Deal with Regal Entertainment Kristina Carr - January 6, 2017 0 Imax said Friday it has expanded its existing joint revenue sharing agreement with Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) to include the installation of 11 additional... Crude Edges Down In Asia As U.S. Rig Count Data Ahead December 23, 2016 Brookdale Senior Living Climbs 4% December 20, 2016 JAKKS Pacific Shares Drop to 3-Year Low December 19, 2016 Aspen Appoints Richard Thornton as Group COO December 16, 2016 Latest Stories Jobless Claims Remain Tight Nick Reardon - January 5, 2017 0 The 28,000 initial claims plunge to 235,000 in the final week of 2016, which included Christmas, extended the previous drop of 12,000 to 263,000... Oil Prices Marginally Lower Pre-Bell Brian Maguire - December 22, 2016 0 West Texas Intermediate crude oil futures for delivery in February were 0.2% lower at $52.41 per barrel during Thursday's pre-market trading session while Brent... Stone Energy Up 10% December 20, 2016 Materion Buys Gettering Technology From Integrated Sensing Systems December 19, 2016 Oil Prices Advance as Greenback Edges Lower December 16, 2016 Latest Imax Signs 11-Theater Deal with Regal Entertainment January 6, 2017 Nucor Forecasts Q4 EPS to Be Between $0.30 to $0.35 December 15, 2016 General Dynamics’ Subsidiaries Awarded Contracts from U.S. Army and U.S. Navy November 23, 2016 Netflix Up More Than 3% October 5, 2016 Red Robin Gourmet Burgers Closes Fast-Casual Prototypes as Part of “Strategic... October 5, 2016 © All Rights Reserved YankeeAnalysts.com
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Pictured: Florida 'air rage' gunman, 26, who 'argued with passengers' before taking gun from luggage and executing five in baggage hall - as it's revealed he was treated at mental hospital after telling FBI he was forced to fight for ISIS Trump ignores America's spy chiefs and says Russia hacking had 'no effect' on the election - despite intelligence report claiming Putin 'ordered influence campaign' to help him win Elderly couple who jumped off Las Vegas parking garage in 'joint suicide' had thousands of dollars of credit card debt Angelina Jolie accuses Brad Pitt of 'publicly impugning' her character in new court documents saying actor is 'terrified the truth will come out'  Are YOU a non-responder? Why some people find it harder to get fit - and expert advice on how to fix it  Final farewell to two Hollywood icons: Carrie Fisher's ashes arrive in a Prozac-pill urn as she is laid to rest with mother Debbie Reynolds at funeral attended by mourners including Billie Lourd and Taylor Lautner Scientology lawyer goes on national TV to slam Leah Remini for show that led to death threats against their leader David Miscavige Mom who 'killed her three-year-old son and dumped his body in a suitcase in a swamp' says she has no remorse because he 'was the soul of Hitler' Taking up running? Here's what you need to know to make it to February before giving up  We really ARE made of stardust: Researchers reveal how the elements of life are spread through the universe  EXCLUSIVE: Chicago torture victim, 18, is asking why 'friend he idolized' was one of black gang who beat, burned and tortured him chanting 'f*** Trump, f*** white people' Judge denies bail for four suspects in Chicago torture video as prosecutor reveals they demanded $300 from the disabled, schizophrenic victim's mother during the ordeal  Revealed: The six warning signs that prove you NEED to leave your job (and why this is the best time to land your dream career) Crews searching Lake Erie find 'human remains' on seat of plane that was carrying six people when it disappeared over a week ago America is unprepared for a killer asteroid impact and must accelerate 'doomsday plan' to develop bombs and robot spacecraft to save Earth, White House report claims Convicted killer, 57, becomes first US inmate to receive state-funded sexual reassignment surgery in California Breaking Bad 'NOLA' style: Louisiana teacher and her husband were running a meth lab out of the home they shared with their 7-YEAR-OLD CHILD  'I'm a normal guy. I just fancy six-year-olds: 'Virtuous' pedophile who is aroused by girls aged under 13 but 'doesn't act on his impulses' reveals he's happily married Bible Belt hit with snow: Rare winter storm bringing snow, sleet and rain to the Deep South...and it's claimed one life so far Is there a lost city in Antarctica? Mysterious dome 'building' may have been created by an ancient civilisation, bizarre theory claims REVEALED: Prince Harry 'has taken girlfriend Meghan Markle to Norway to see the Northern Lights on their first romantic holiday together'  Tiny brain and greasy hair found INSIDE ovary of 16-year-old girl Philadelphia deliveryman wrongly shot 14 times by police wins $4.4million settlement, the city's largest payout in history Pennsylvania woman 'drove into a river to avoid arrest then ignored officers and continued drinking BEER as she floated in her car' Previous Next Call it car-ma! Hilarious photo shows a ring of shopping carts blocking a vehicle that was double parked Matthew Mills took the photo outside Walmart in Biddeford, Maine Image depicts silver Nissan straddling yellow line dividing two parking slots Friend of car owner said she's a store employee who slid into the spot because of snow and ice and could not straighten it out   By Snejana Farberov For Dailymail.com Published: 13:26 EST, 23 December 2016 | Updated: 14:16 EST, 23 December 2016 e-mail 86 shares 35 View comments A driver who hogged two spots at a Walmart parking lot in Maine got her comeuppance when someone took the time to block her car with a ring of shopping carts. A photo of the epic parking revenge outside the Biddeford Walmart was first shared on Facebook last weekend and it has since taken the Internet by storm, having been viewed more than 11million times. Matthew Mills, who snapped the viral image, wrote in a caption: 'This guy got a lesson in parking.' Parking revenge: Matthew Mills snapped this image of a car hogging two spots surrounded by a ring of carefully arranged shopping carts in Maine Mills’ photo depicts a small silver Nissan straddling a yellow line dividing two parking slots. The vehicle is hemmed in on three sides by about two dozen Walmart shopping carts perfectly lined up in three straight rows. Mills told Eyewitness News the owner of the car was said to have been a Walmart employee who slid into the spot after hitting a patch of ice and snow. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Virgin flight from San Francisco is almost diverted after a... Co-workers surprise refinery security guard with an SUV for... Share this article Share A man who identified himself as a friend of the unfortunate driver confirmed Mills’ account to the station WMTW, explaining that the woman could not park straight because of the slippery conditions 'and then someone rudely put carts around her car.' While the yellow line dividing the two parking spots is clearly visibly in Mills' photo, some commenters on Facebook suggested that by the time the picture was taken, the snow and ice that may have hampered the woman's parking job had melted. The photo of the epic parking revenge was taken outside the Biddeford Walmart in Maine, and the owner of the trapped car was said to have been an employee    Read more: Bad parker in Maine gets blocked in by shopping carts | abc13.com Photo of Maine car surrounded by carts goes viral Share or comment on this article e-mail 86 shares Most watched News videos Dan Bilzerian show off glitzy lifestyle as 'King of Instagram' Cyclist forced off the road by dangerous braking driver Blind man attaches GoPro to guide dog to record his commute Heartbreaking moment horse cries at owner's funeral 'I thought he was going to hit me': Ann Widdecombe on Philpott Great White shark breaches the water in pursuit of a tasty treat "UFO" has been filmed demonstrating highly unusual behaviour Stepdaughter surprises stepmom with adoption papers at Christmas Meryl Streep arrives at Debbie Reynolds' and Carrie Fisher's memorial Dangling kid rescued from a ski lift at Whistler Mountain Police Video Shows Rescue Of Kidnapped Man Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds are buried together Pictured: The Fort Lauderdale 'air rage' gunman who 'argued... Millennials are entitled, narcissistic and lazy - but it's... Now Obama's building a wall! Workers put the finishing... Black teens are charged with a HATE CRIME after... EXCLUSIVE: Chicago torture victim, 18, is asking why 'friend... Gwyneth Paltrow, Meryl Streep and Meg Ryan among the stars... 'We felt it was where she'd want to be': Carrie Fisher's... Downfall of the $400,000-a-year Gawker editor: AJ Daulerio... The £70,000 a week unit where George Michael hoped to beat... 'King of Instagram' flaunts his lavish lifestyle in boastful... PIERS MORGAN: Call this disgusting attack in Obama’s back... 'I'm a normal guy. I just fancy six-year-olds: 'Virtuous'... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (35) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'They're going to shoot me in the back!' Kim Kardashian breaks silence on Paris heist and shares emotional reaction to Kanye West's breakdown Carrie Fisher's ashes brought to funeral in giant Prozac pill that was her 'favorite possession' as she buried with her mother Debbie Reynolds  The white stuff! Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries shows off her ample assets and svelte figure in a teeny lace-up bikini as she hits the beach in Miami Gwyneth Paltrow joins Emma Roberts and Bella Thorne at publicist's star-studded birthday party She was accompanied by beau Brad Falchuck 'Double up!' Blac Chyna and Amber Rose show off two-times the curves posing in front of matching Rolls Royces wearing skintight leggings New Year's resolution? James Corden sports casual gym ensemble as he enjoys al fresco workout in Los Angeles   Late Late Show host has hit the ground running Fringe benefits! Bella Hadid debuts bangs as she paints the town in pink in an unusual ensemble Was spotted in a LA nightclub with the look Real passion! Chris Pratt and Anna Faris share steamy on-screen kiss for his guest episode on Mom... which even went on after take was over Red hot! Larsa Pippen sizzles in a skimpy string bikini and rocks cornrows as she hits Miami Beach Mother-of-two, 42, turned heads on the sand   Walking on the wild side! Nicky Hilton steps out in NYC wearing leopard print coat with skintight PVC leggings She was fresh from a skiing trip to Aspen  'She had a great, generous energy': Adam Driver pays tribute to his Star Wars co-star Carrie Fisher, describing her death as a 'tragedy' Paid his respects How Ms Markle gets her sparkle! From massages on the INSIDE of her face to libido-boosting vitamins, Harry's girlfriend Meghan shares her tips Blooming lovely! Ginnifer Goodwin cuts a striking figure in floral maxi-dress and cat's eye make-up at AFI Awards Caught some eyes  Simply the breast! Ashley Graham displays major underboob in curve flaunting bikini during sun-soaked Seychelles break The 29-year-old model . Angelina Jolie accuses Brad Pitt of 'publicly impugning' her character in new court documents saying actor is 'terrified the truth will come out'  Scientology slams Leah Remini saying her show on their alleged abuses led to death threats against David Miscavige  Ugly war of words 'Morning coffee!' LeAnn Rimes flaunts serious sideboob in a skimpy bikini as she takes in the view on tropical getaway The 34-year-old singer Alec Baldwin mocks Donald Trump in Russian language Make America Great Again cap while walking with wife Hilaria Is still making jokes about the president-elect But first, let me take a selfie! Sam Smith happily poses for photos with fans as the British singer celebrates the New Year in Sydney Partied in style  Big Apple bound! Anne Hathaway goes make-up free and flees Los Angeles amid Golden Globes weekend Touched down at JFK to avoid the awards  Booty call! Ray J reveals he used a VERY risqué method to try and smuggle his phone into the CBB house He hasn't shied away in the house  Kanye eats soup as North plays happily in Kim Kardashian's intimate pictures of family life with the Wests Slice of normal life Her Secret is out! Kelly Gale flaunts her ample cleavage in lingerie as she gets ready for another Victoria's Secret photo shoot Back to business Prince Harry 'has taken girlfriend Meghan Markle to Norway to see the Northern Lights on their first romantic holiday together'  Flew out to Tromso Tom Jones embroiled in fat-shaming row after claiming the first Voice UK winner failed to break the chart due to her weight  Controversial comment EXCLUSIVE: 'He's the Kardashians' baggage handler!' Ray J's manager David Weintraub defends his tweet slamming Jonathan Cheban EXCLUSIVE: Shannen Doherty's husband demands her ex managers hand over 'key documents' supporting claims the firm ruined his sex life  Instagram star the 'Fat Jew' and his wife of two years file for divorce (and she gets to keep all the dogs) He will only be able to visit the pooches  Ready, set, make-up! Zendaya and James Charles race to create bold smoky eye looks to inspire your Friday night out in a new video for CoverGirl He's a star baby! Pink shows off week-old baby Jameson... as big sister Willow reveals new pink hairdo The 37-year-old and her adorable kids 'The body of a 20 year old': RHOM's Pettifleur Berenger, 52, looks half her age as she flaunts her INCREDIBLE body in lingerie Stunning mom-of-three EXCLUSIVE: Kate Hudson's company Fabletics fires back at ex-employee's 'wrongful termination' lawsuit, denying they pried into medical files Don't forget to look down! Country music star Brett Eldredge finds huge snake in his toilet bowl in the Bahamas Big early morning shock for singer  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ben Affleck spends the whole day with pretty 'detox nurse' who offers 'sober companion support' Split from Jen in 2015 'Happiest I've been in years:' Khloe Kardashian gushes over boyfriend Tristan Thompson and goals for 2017 'In love' with hoops star Check me out! Pamela Anderson rocks the vintage look in mid-length dress as she goes grocery shopping  Baywatch star, 49, takes trip to Trader Joe's Bright and beautiful! Naomie Harris cuts a striking figure in a smart lemon yellow frock as she steps out at the AFI Awards  Sophisticated style  Near-weeping Michelle Obama delivers valedictory appeal to 'hope' as she says being First Lady was 'greatest honor of my life'  Eyes filling with tears Ciara 'decides to drop $15 million defamation lawsuit against ex Future' She filed the suit after several comments about her parenting abilities 'I have psoriasis on my face!' Kim Kardashian reveals skin condition has worsened after traumatic Paris heist She's long battled with chronic skin condition NASCAR driver Jimmie Johnson opens the doors to his luxurious $14million West Village family pad which has room for plenty of (toy) cars 'I love Melania. She's beautiful': Designer Gabbana praises Mrs Trump for wearing D&G dress and fires back at 'ignorant' trolls who criticized him  Cool as ice! Karlie Kloss rocks shredded skinny jeans as she braves the wintry New York streets She kept warm with a smile, but still bared skin 'He's a young Canadian fellow:' Mark Wahlberg hints that Justin Bieber came to dinner.... to his daughter's delight The Ted actor spoke about his 13-year-old  La La Land in real life! Emma Stone and on-screen beau Ryan Gosling join Michelle Williams and a star-studded Hollywood crowd at the AFI Awards Drastically different! Justin Theroux is transformed into bespectacled guy next door in new Netflix movie Mute Looks like Harry Potter EXCLUSIVE: She wore a  black wig, Ray-Bans and called herself Zelda Zonk: How Marilyn Monroe escaped LA for a new life in New York  Her affair with Brando Going for gold! Slender Kourtney Kardashian flaunts enviable figure in metallic cut-out swimsuit as she soaks up the sun in the Bahamas She's picture perfect! Olivia Wilde is ready for the snow as she takes to the streets of New York in her winter gear Wrapped up warm, headed to photo shoot Chrissy Teigen looks leggy in slim black pants as she jets off on yet another trip with John Legend Matching their dark duds at LAX  Donald Trump refuses the Obamas' offer to leave the White House swing set for his son Barron so the outgoing President donates it to charity instead  Oh baby! Mel Gibson, 61, pats pregnant girlfriend Rosalind Ross, 26, on the bottom at AFI Awards Looking to be a year to remember for Mel  Instagram star the 'Fat Jew' and his wife of two years are getting a divorce, and splitting up their puppy family Social media sensation Josh Ostrovsky Revealed: Why the Duchess of Cambridge only ever carries a clutch bag - and the reason makes her seem VERY standoffish Rarely without one The police have NOT accused me, insists George Michael's lover: Fadi Fawaz breaks his silence as officers continue to investigate singer's death Fifth Harmony re-signs deal with Epic Records as a quartet after Camila Cabello's exit to pursue solo career The new deal has been described as 'a win-win'  Now Obama's building a wall! Workers put the finishing touches to a brick barrier around $5million DC mansion where first family will live after White House  Gave him a Major Key! Robbie Williams sells enormous 11 bathroom Los Angeles mansion to DJ Khaled for $9.9m British singer parts ways with spectacular home As Gwen Stefani, Gigi Hadid, and Olivia Palermo step out in the season's hottest outerwear, FEMAIL rounds up chic (and affordable) puffer coats  Arnie hits back at Trump in war over The Apprentice ratings: Terminator tells Donald to concentrate on his new job after president elect mocked show I want a socially motivated career, says Euan: Tony Blair's eldest son quits City to recruit apprentices (but he's still got his property empire to fall back on) EXCLUSIVE: Somber Jonathan Cheban is pictured leaving Police Station after receiving 'serious threats'... three months after friend Kim Kardashian was robbed  No coat, no problem! Ivanka Trump shows off her glamorous velvet dress and bare legs as she heads to work despite frigid New York temperatures Incredible photographs show the REAL Downton Abbey more than 120 years ago (and the 'Granthams' even had a visit from the future King Edward VII)  'Me and my girl!' Reese Witherspoon poses for selfie with lookalike daughter Ava Phillippe Seventeen-year-old is spitting image of her actress mom  From Olivia Palermo's lustworthy booties to Forever 21's new line of REALLY cute activewear, FEMAIL reveals the affordable fashions we're loving this week 'Fired up!' Amy Schumer takes a ride on the airport conveyor belt as she jets to Hollywood for the Golden Globes Comedian lays down on an moving walkway. The next generation! Dolce & Gabbana unveils new campaign starring the sons of Cindy Crawford, Pamela Anderson, Jude Law, and Daniel Day-Lewis 'It's lonely on set!' Zoe Saldana on the difficulties of being a woman in the male- dominated film industry The Guardians Of The Galaxy star  'I'm not allowed to talk about that': Ed Sheeran awkwardly refuses to answer questions about the night Princess Beatrice sliced his face open with a sword  He's one hot dog! Olivia Palermo wraps up her pooch in mini rain boots and coat as he braves the snow Model, 30, wore shades and a chic velvet coat All done up! Good Morning America stars Ginger Zee and Eva Pilgrim wear full faces of MAKE-UP while testing out at-home face masks live on air  'I'm a trained actress!' Taraji P Henson on being typecast as 'from the hood'... as she joins Octavia Spencer and Janelle Monae on Essence cover Comfort comes first! Sarah Jessica Parker wraps up warm as she heads to a salon to prep for the Golden Globes Getting her hair done by Serge Normant  Leigh-Anne Pinnock flaunts her enviably peachy posterior in a skimpy black swimsuit on beach break  Little Mix singer soaking up the sunshine  'They're very serious': Katie Holmes celebrated the New Year with 'boyfriend' Jamie Foxx in Miami The pair have never talked about romance REVEALED: Rumors abound at NBC that Megyn Kelly, 46, will 'push out' Savannah Guthrie, 45, to get lead anchor role on Today  Could be war  Flip Or Flop couple deny Tarek El Moussa caught wife Christina sending contractor 'inappropriate texts' Fresh claims about HGTV pair's split Top of the crops! Bella Thorne displays svelte figure in purple sports bra as she works up a sweat at Pilates Enjoyed a workout session  Donald Trump brings along Kellyanne Conway and Hope Hicks for meeting with Conde Nast editors including Vanity Fair foe Graydon Carter 'We were screaming!' Sylvester Stallone's stunning daughters Sophia, Sistine and Scarlet admit their shock at shared Miss Golden Globes title Dip it low! Bella Thorne twerks up a storm after planting a kiss on her female friend during DNCE private show She certainly knows how to turn heads Make-up free Felicity Jones shows off her natural beauty as she bundles up in her winter warmers at Heathrow Promoting Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Now that's a rock! Serena Williams reveals her diamond sparkler after announcing engagement to Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian For sale! Lauren Conrad lists Los Angeles mansion for $5.2 million after announcing she's expecting first child Already making plans Mariah Carey plays happy families with ex-husband Nick Cannon and their twins days after disastrous New Year's Eve performance  Jessica Biel stuns in black dress as she joins husband Justin Timberlake at Golden Globes party She's bringing sexy back  He's back! Val Kilmer looks healthy as he makes rare public appearance at Golden Globes event in LA following tracheostomy procedure a year ago Anything for Matt! Savannah Guthrie returns to Today from maternity leave for Lauer's anniversary amidst claims Megyn Kelly is after her job New look! Marvel reveals high-tech upgrades to Spider-Man's costume ahead of Homecoming premiere Big announcement  Gwyneth Paltrow is supported by her boyfriend Brad Falchuck as she joins a host of Hollywood stars at Carrie Fisher's private memorial service Meryl Streep is among stars who attend private family memorial service to lay Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher to rest Friends and family paid their final respects  Make-up free Courtney Love looks mournful as she and Frances Bean Cobain leave memorial of Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds hand in hand 'Pregnant' Irina Shayk wears loose black sweater dress while visiting Bradley Cooper on his 42nd birthday From cover girl to cover up Seeing double! Ashley Olsen, 30, puckers up to beau Richard Sachs, 58, as she enjoys romantic dinner date with sister Mary-Kate and husband Olivier Sarkozy, 47 Keeping dry! Chloe Grace Moretz bundles up in layers as she braves the rainy Beverly Hills streets She brought the wet weather back with her Back to work with a bang! Queen Letizia of Spain wows at a military ceremony in a figure-skimming gown as she returns to royal duties after the festive break New couple alert! Hailee Steinfeld, 20, and Cameron Smoller make public debut at event ahead of Golden Globes after teasing relationship for months David Spade rushed to hospital after three-car crash destroys his Range Rover The comedian is recovering at home after the scary collision  'Work shy' Prince William defies his critics as he gets stuck into his pilot duties and flies a sick patient into hospital following his Christmas and New Year break 'She's all that': Newlywed Margot Robbie stuns as she tenderly kisses her husband Tom Ackerley in romantic social media snap Gospel singer Kim Burrell's radio show is canceled just days after she was dropped from the Ellen DeGeneres show following homophobic sermon Man about town! Mickey Rourke indulges love of fashion with matching Louis Vuitton purse and shoes Took toy Pomeranian with him, too Lizzie McHigher! Tiny Hilary Duff struggles to reach the top shelf at Whole Foods... and clambers over produce to get at it  Skip and a jump Detectives question George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz as senior detectives take over the inquiry amid fears the singer was killed by a drugs overdose  The 17 films that are set to make 2017 a BLOCKBUSTER year for cinema: A 'feisty feminist' Beauty, Churchill in his pomp and superheroes galore  'You don't want to dream too big in case it doesn't happen': Monster Trucks star Samara Weaving reveals excitement at scoring Hollywood gig Beard be gone! Mel Gibson finally has his long facial hair shaved off... by a stranger on Jimmy Kimmel Live! who also offered him a Brazilian wax Kate Bosworth looks a vision in a stylish black bandeau dress as she cozies up to husband Michael Polish at lavish dinner party in LA The 34-year-old actress The $100,000 a week unit where George Michael hoped to beat his demons: Singer spent a YEAR in Swiss clinic offering bizarre 'electric shock therapy'  Brad Pitt had 'ONE visit with several of the younger kids' over the holiday season as divorce battle continues The star is only allowed supervised visitation  Suki Waterhouse sizzles in sheer bralet as she flaunts her taut stomach reciting Shakespeare in steamy new LOVE Advent video  The holidays aren't over! 'This is how the Hunger Games start!' Comedians Key and Peele revive their 'Obama Anger Translator' characters to blast Trump PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: In love and in paradise! Kylie Jenner and Tyga can't keep their hands off of each other as they splash around the ocean in Mexico 'Day one, pitches!': Rebel Wilson shares behind-the-scenes snap from set of Pitch Perfect 3... as Ruby Rose confirms she will join the cast 'Time to drop some lbs': Hoda Kotb invites fans to join her New Year's weight loss resolution as she reveals her exact weight with snap of her scales Old flame for the new year Ryan? Seacrest takes ex-girlfriend Shayna Taylor shopping in Beverly Hills Have the pair rekindled their romance?  Three's a charm! Hayden Panettiere wears multiple outfits as she promotes Nashville in NYC Knows the benefit of a quick change Bikini-clad Larsa Pippen is the latest celeb to jump on the controversial 'teatox' bandwagon A host of celebs are on the regime  Sewing his future! Kanye West is spotted leaving his fashion headquarters after working a late night during break from the music scene  'Travel diary': Kourtney Kardashian shares sexy bikini shots showing off her impossibly flat abs as she enjoys the Bahamas Hot mother of three New year, new start! Fifth Harmony posts first group portrait WITHOUT Camila Cabello Four members brought in the new year with a photo, with one missing 'Daddy-daughter time!' Jamie Foxx brings his eight-year-old Annalise to the Sleepless premiere Oscar-winning actor enjoyed  family time  Gavin Rossdale's model daughter Daisy Lowe teases a glimpse of rarely seen bikini line tattoo in a near see-through swimsuit on Miami beach Cher, 70, to star in Lifetime film about Flint, Michigan water crisis after implying governor should be arrested Is an outspoken critic of the city's problems  A vision in white! Alessandra Ambrosio shows off her incredible body in a strappy bathing suit during holiday in Brazil Sizzled on the sand  Kesha catches departing flight in colourful floral-print coat after stepping back from social media The 29-year-old singer flew in style from LAX Make-up free Jennifer Garner enjoys a rare rainy day in LA with her sweet son Samuel  The mother-son duo appeared to be happy with the wet conditions Brexit is to blame says Jamie Oliver as he closes six of his Jamie's Italian restaurants putting 120 staff out of work Celebrity chef's woe Disco diva! Sports Illustrated model Hailey Clauson flaunts her ample assets in plunging seventies inspired number at pre Golden Globes party It's like they never left Vegas! Someone from the Hangover cast accidentally broke Mavis Spencer's foot when she was Miss Golden Globes Shrug it off! Leading ladies Amy Adams and Emma Stone wear off-the-shoulder dresses at pre Golden Globes party Both up for Best Actress Disney considers its plot options for Princess Leia in final two Star Wars films in wake of Carrie Fisher's death Cast are still said to be reeling from her death Teresa Palmer proudly posts breastfeeding photo after she was criticized for continuing to nurse her son, 2, saying it's up to HIM to decide when she stops She's got some front! Ireland Baldwin stuns in strapless black dress at W Magazine party at famed Chateau Marmont  What a stunner Sofia Richie has lunch date with her BFF Nicola Peltz's older brother Will as they grab sushi in Beverly Hills Pair went to Sugarfish for some sushi  What a gentleman! Joe Jonas shows his chivalry during date with girlfriend Sophie Turner They recently made their relationship Instagram official Finally getting rid of the bachelor pad! Rob Kardashian places Calabasas home on the market for $2.68M after living separately from Blac Chyna Kylie Jenner returns from Mexico... and makes cameo on half-sister Khloé's Revenge Body premiere Enjoyed a vacation with beau Tyga  All right in white! Ruby Rose flaunts her tattooed torso in a unique jumpsuit at the Mexican premiere of her latest film xXx: Return of Xander Cage Don't cry over spilt milk! Caitlyn Jenner looks glum as she does a grocery shop in a low key makeup look as her MAC collection hits stores Riddle of the ring: Emma Roberts removes Evan Peter's engagement bling again Hollywood star is raising questions about her relationship  Naomie Harris puts on 15 years in three days in the role of her life: Actress forced to rapidly film scenes for Moonlight after visa mix-up  Lily Collins wows in barely-there sheer silver gown at W Magazine Celebrates the Best Performances event in LA Dazzled in a long dress  Back to work! Melissa Benoist looks happy to be on set of Supergirl after filing for divorce Actress shot scenes for the third series in a cold Vancouver  Make-up free Anne Hathaway shows off her svelte figure in leggings during West Hollywood shopping trip Has a flawless post-baby body  Wedded bliss! Luann de Lesseps looks smitten on her honeymoon in Florida with husband Tom D'Agostino Post-wedding bliss  A pants new look! Make-up free Sienna Miller pushes the fashion envelope in trendy culottes as she jets into LA ahead of the Golden Globes  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, gives an overzealous fan a LAP DANCE as she flashes her derriere in saucy clown costume at charity fundraiser East is East star Om Puri dies in India aged 66 after a successful career in Bollywood and Hollywood Tributes have flooded in from the world of film 'What if she's the one to break the spell?': Emma Watson is charmed by brutish Dan Stevens in latest Beauty And The Beast trailer Sneak peak Pucker up! Jimmy Fallon leans in for an awkward kiss with Ellen DeGeneres as he gears up for Golden Globes Jimmy is hosting the awards on Sunday 'I love my brother, my friend and my scene partner!' Ruby Rose gushes over xXx: Return of Xander Cage co-star Vin Diesel as the pair pose for a selfie  Kendall Jenner models huge snake tattoo on her booty for new V Magazine shoot Sexy 21-year-old shows off dramatic inking in high cut underwear 'We've been asked to keep ourselves available': Downton Abbey star Jim Carter drops biggest hint yet that there WILL be film of hit TV drama  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Lamar Odom is seen checking out of rehab after month-long stay and is 'doing much better' as he heads back home to LA 'She is my everything': Anorexic beauty queen who was so thin she was told she had a month to live credits TV chef Paula Deen with saving her life  'He was a super dad': Christopher Reeve's son Will Reeve remembers his dad as a real-life hero  Beloved Superman star's youngest child  Meet the new, low-key Kim Kardashian: Reality star swaps racy bikini snaps for grainy shots of home life with North and Saint as her social media return rolls on It's OK to window shop! Topshop heiress Chloe Green giggles with friends as they admire a hunky passer-by on the beach in Miami during family getaway  Size 14 model and Self cover star Iskra Lawrence asks magazine to pull its 'restrictive' eating plan after critics claimed it is 'promoting starvation' Coming to the boil!  Justin Bieber 'offers settlement to former neighbors over house egging incident'... as they fight bid to limit damages Who's that girl? Glamorous Jasmine Waltz looks almost unrecognizable in modelling shots from seven years ago Big difference Stepmom in training! Kylie Jenner, 19, dotes on Tyga's son while parading around in sexy mesh swimsuit in Mexico Doting on King Cairo, 4 Eric Idle, 73, arrives on crutches following ankle surgery to honor Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds at private memorial service The Monty Python star Are YOU using the right face cleanser? We reveal the best washes, balms and oils for every skin type, so you can get a complexion to rival Cate Blanchett's Chaotic 911 call reporting Debbie Reynolds' stroke a day after the death of her daughter Carrie Fisher is released Drama at son's home Beyonce and Jay Z, Bruce Springsteen, and Oprah among anti-Trump A-listers invited to President Obama's final White House Bash Will she conceive in the Celebrity Big Brother house? Heidi Montag reveals she's 'ready to become a mum'... and wants to give birth THIS year 'It still affects me': An emotional Ray J breaks down on Celebrity Big Brother as he reveals continuing struggle to accept Whitney Houston's death  'We were both players': Ray J brands former flame Kim Kardashian a 'CHEATER' as he discusses romance with CBB housemates Jonathan Cheban soaks up the London nightlife as he claims you 'couldn't pay' him to go back on CBB and furiously denies being dropped from the show Val Chmerkovskiy defends relationship with Amber Rose as his fans and social media trolls post vile comments on loved up Instagrams What's going on here? Paris Hilton's ex Rob Mills and The Voice' star Ellen Reed put on an affectionate display at Brisbane restaurant Pair looked very close The pose of love! Makeup-free Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik make for an incredibly good looking pair in some snuggly snaps   Just chilling out  Off-duty Lara Stone goes make-up free behind large sunglasses on casual dog walk... after ramping up the glamour for busty V Magazine shoot Need motivation to hit the gym? Take a cue from Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and Hilary Duff and slip on workout gear so stylish you'll be on the treadmill in no time Victoria's Secret Angel Bridget Malcolm shares bikini picture by the ocean after celebrating her second wedding to musician husband with her family and friends Hats off to her! Dame Vivienne Westwood rocks quirky headpiece as she hosts chic dinner with British Fashion Council Iconic designer  Not quite Stars Hollow! Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel set to star in dystopian Handmaid's Tale as subversive lesbian Quite the change in roles Greta Van Susteren announces new MSNBC show on same day Fox News reveals Tucker Carlson will replace Megyn Kelly Completes hat trick Beach bonding: Heidi Klum shares romantic day at the beach with handsome boyfriend Vito Schnabel May-December romance going strong in Miami Muhammad Ali's daughter slams reports of  family feud after its revealed his widow will receive DOUBLE the $6M inheritance of his nine children  'I'm a better mom': Nashville's Hayden Panettiere talks about post-partum depression for first time since seeking second treatment  Let her shine! Busty Dannii Minogue vamps it up in plunging PVC gown for magazine shoot as she prepares for TV talent show return  Stunning songstress  'She is so alive': Meryl Streep raves about Viola Davis as she presents actress with star on Hollywood Walk Of Fame Pair starred alongside each other in Doubt  Sweet treat! Kristin Cavallari celebrates her 30th birthday by eating cupcakes for breakfast TV star is a bona fide foodie, having authored two cookbooks  'Kissy Kissy Time': Nicole Kidman reveals secret code she and Keith Urban use when telling their daughters they want to have sex Bedroom confession She's moved on! Former Miss Universe Natalie Roser reveals she has a new personal trainer after reportedly splitting from gym owner fiance Dan Adair 'Newly-divorced with three kids isn't my type': CBB's Jasmine Waltz shoots down a romance with British soccer player after he fancies her  CBB's Ray J and Bianca Gascoigne are stripped of nomination power in cruel twist as the 'edited out' housemates are left helpless  She's a woman in love! Khloe Kardashian opts for comfort as she bundles up in a hearts, hugs and kisses hoodie after raving about her new guy Spellbinding! Charmed to return with TV reboot... but it will be set decades before original series Popular show has been confirmed by The CW  'I'd always beaten myself up because I was tied to a number': Oprah reveals that giving up numerical weight goals was the key to her  losing 42lbs Let's hear it for the boys! As YouTuber Manny MUA stars in Maybelline's new campaign, FEMAIL rounds up the top male beauty vloggers to know Wild thing! Ashley Graham displays her knock-out curves in fierce leopard bikini The star posted some smoking hot shots enjoying the sun 'Beyond thrilled!': Emmy winner and This Is Us star Sterling K. Brown joins cast of Marvel's Black Panther feature film Exciting opportunity  'We're in the business of wanting people to look good': Ryan Seacrest defends Dick Clark Productions after accusations of sabotage by Mariah Carey  Bethenny Frankel's lawyers 'considering action' against French book publisher for using similar logo to her cocktail brand Fight over Skinnygirl  Lucky escape: Taye Diggs narrowly avoids disaster after losing control of his Mercedes G Wagon in wet weather and crashing into a construction site PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, cuddles up to her 'toyboy beau', 25, during family ski trip in Switzerland She's been braving the crisp cool air  Supermodel Naomi Campbell reveals she was threatened in Paris by carjackers who said they'd kill her  Beauty suffered a terrifying confrontation 'My baby': Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of little Dream dressed in overalls and collared shirt Star gushed over his eight-week-old daughter 'One of my daughters wants another sibling': Mom-of-four Nicole Kidman, 49, suggests she might have more children 'Maternal pull is strong' Bella Hadid rocks two street-chic outfits while out and about in rainy Los Angeles The 20-year-old model made city streets into her own personal runway Carrie Underwood reveals her paralyzed dog is learning to walk again thanks to hydrotherapy Instagram video shows pooch is on the mend YouTube star made famous for eating vegan food on camera breaks down in tears during a bizarre video rant renouncing veganism and insisting it is 'wrong' MILF gone wild! Busty Fergie, 41, drops jaws in tiny string bikini as she shows off her cheeky side during fun-filled beach day with husband Josh Duhamel 'I've never been a good dater': Hilary Duff talks romance, co-parenting with 'amazing' ex-husband Mike Comrie, and turning 30  The 29-year-old star  Faux the love of fashion! Ruby Rose highlights her offbeat style as she jets out off Los Angeles airport in a fluffy coat and combat boots 'We need to try and start CPR': Zsa Zsa Gabor's 911 phone reveals effort to save her life on day she died Husband Frederic 's call to operator Casey Affleck and Annette Bening join Leo DiCaprio in the long list of celebs set to present awards at the Golden Globes The stars are lining up Kate Beckinsale proves she's a style maven in black crop top and silky pants while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars  In New York City  Comedian who has made millions playing to the likes of Donald Trump and Barack Obama 'is really 55 years old even though he tells people he is 35' EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Cheban fights with TV bosses over his fee... as $1million co-star Ray J's manager calls Kim Kardashian's BFF a 'little hanger on'  Michael Jackson's estate claims his choreographer is withholding vital evidence in sex abuse claim case and calls for him to be fined $17,000 'He takes a pretty good lash!' Tiger Woods opens up about 'fun' golf round with Donald and says Trump can hit the ball far for his age  Paired up in Florida John Travolta and daughter Ella shop at Barneys... after revealing how he keeps his 25-year marriage 'fresh' Family time for superstar Ivanka Trump is moving into a home once owned by a financier who is an outspoken critic of The Donald and has ties to a Putin rival Lamar Odom checks out of rehab after month-long stay and is 'doing much better' as he heads back home to LA Did 35-day program Tucker Carlson to replace Megyn Kelly on Fox News getting 9pm time slot of the departing host who says she 'will be cheering him on' Ivanka Trump ignores freezing temperatures in New York and steps out in a floral dress and BARE LEGS after returning from her tropical vacation Spurs mascot hilariously trolls Mariah Carey's New Years Eve meltdown with diva strop Coyote is out-of-sync in San Antonio 'He could be my dad's brother!': Kate Hudson reveals her 'weird' crush on Jeff Bridges as she plays guessing game with Michael Kors Pals have a giggle  Matt Lauer was 'kept in the dark' about Megyn Kelly's move to NBC - and was only told about it the morning the rest of the world found out Today Show host Lauer Back to business! Donald Trump Jr shares cute photo of the President-elect cuddling up to his grandson on the plane home from Florida vacation  'First selfie of 2017': Kim Kardashian flashes the peace sign in snap with Kris Jenner after three month social media hiatus The 36-year-old  'Angles can dramatically change a body': Model Robyn Lawley strips down to demonstrate how different body positions can change appearance A Donald Trump-themed restaurant opened in the heart of Iraqi Kurdistan after owner heard President-elect's promises to help defeat ISIS  Kylie Jenner sizzles in olive green bikini as she displays her incredible beach body and assets in Mexico Teen mogul flaunted her endless curves  Patrick Schwarzenegger hits the beach with his youthful mother Maria Shriver and model girlfriend Abby Champion in Mexico Tom Brady pens two-page handwritten note to family of a 20-year-old college student who was gunned down playing Pokemon Go NFL great's sadness. Jake Gyllenhaal shows off his impressive physique as he strips off for a dip in the ocean with pal Greta Caruso during St Barts break  Bulging biceps  Airline suing RHONJ's James and Amber  over claims they defamed flight attendant to cover up domestic violence after they were thrown off flight 'Leave her the hell alone': Mariah Carey's ex Tommy Mottola defends star but urges her to upgrade support staff in wake of THAT NYE performance 'Yes, I am single': Nicki Minaj confirms split from Meek Mill... as rapper responds by hurling style insults at her No longer together   Drake leads the streaming explosions as on demand services overtakes U.S. digital music sales for the first time Canadian rapper  Doing fine solo! Camila Cabello shows off her killer beach body in a white bikini after her split from Fifth Harmony Enjoying a Mexican getaway Mommy's little rocker! Angelina Jolie flies out of Colorado with guitar-toting Shiloh after a snowy family vacation  Seen boarding a private jet  Pharrell Williams embraces Ellen DeGeneres after condemning gospel singer Kim Burrell's homophobic rant Canceled appearance Hello new tattoo! Sofia Richie gets ink tribute to father Lionel at trendy NYC tattoo parlor Cover girl honors music legend as she gets yet another inking She's got front! Jessica Lowndes flaunts her busty cleavage in plunging bodycon dress as she enjoys night at celeb hot-spot Craig's CRINGE! One mother's verdict on Madonna, Victoria and Liz draping themselves over their teenage sons... and then posting the pictures on the internet Brew-tiful! Jennifer Garner shows off her trim figure in chunky knitted jumper and matching trousers as she grabs coffee in LA  Always chic Has Janet Jackson secretly become a Muslim? As the once raunchy star has her first baby at 50 there's good reason to believe  she has converted  Re-engaged! Emma Roberts 'confirms' she is betrothed to on/off boyfriend Evan Peters once again by rocking huge ring A massive rock! 'She would be VERY happy that I'm back': Sir Tom Jones admits late wife Linda was furious after his abrupt sacking from The Voice UK  Welsh singer, 76 The Queen was almost SHOT by one of her own guards after she took a 3am stroll through Buckingham Palace grounds  Elizabeth's close call Good genes! Stunning sister duo Gigi and Bella Hadid pose up a storm in quirky optical illusion gowns for Moschino's glamorous SS17 campaign Cool customer! Ashley Tisdale wraps up in khaki jacket and bandana for low-key lunch in LA Busy week for the 31-year-old Kim Zolciak shows off her pert derriere in just a nude bra and underwear for revealing Snapchat picture Never one to shy away from a selfie The L word! Amber Rose brands Val Chmerkovskiy her 'love' as she posts snap of them sharing a passionate kiss PDA overload Jessie James Decker embraces her 'loose mommy skin' while wearing a lilac bikini that shows off her post-baby tummy Vacation in Los Cabos No wonder she's smiling! NBC's new recruit Megyn Kelly laughs outside her NYC apartment as it emerges she turned down Fox News' offer of $100m All torn up! Kim Kardashian returns to normal life stepping out in some shredded jeans for a lunch at the Hotel Bel-Air Keeping a low profile Double Dutch! Lara Stone flashes her cleavage as she sits for a love heart tattoo in striking Mario Testino shoot for V Magazine Model is in fine form  George Michael's family were haunted by suicides of his uncle and grandfather decades before the star was found dead in bed by his lover Ruth Negga and Tom Holland lead pack of young nominees up for the EE Rising Star Awards at BAFTA 2017 The young Brits battle  for the coveted prize 'None of them are nude, they're all wearing SPF 50!' Proudly pale men strip off to raise awareness of the dangers of sun damage in VERY cheeky calendar 'So... how was your morning?' Jeremy Clarkson gives fans a Grand Tour (of his mouth) as he pays a painful visit to the dentist Fashion designer who 'used to be transgender but was converted by  Kim Burrell' stands up for gospel singer after she was booted from the Ellen show  Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull keeps it casual in hoodie before the couple hit the Swiss slopes... as they continue getaway with Madonna Red hot! Victoria Silvstedt, 42, shares saucy selfies flaunting her enviable cleavage in an array of plunging swimsuits from St Barts Always glamorous Gina Rodriguez shows off her toned legs in mini-skirt at Moet Moment Film Festival in LA Ruled the red carpet in sassy dress A full moon in broad daylight! Model Shanina Shaik Snapchats fiance DJ Ruckus as he flashes his bare bottom through her car window Fun loving couple  Jack and Rose's Titanic smooch is voted the best movie kiss of all time - but Lady and the Tramp's canine canoodle comes a close second Brooklyn Beckham steps out wearing his trademark hoodie and skinny jeans ... following news of dad David's bust-up with F1 boss Ron Dennis in Maldives Back in her jeans! Mila Kunis shows off her post-baby body just one month after welcoming a new baby boy She looked svelte in Studio City  Pregnant Natalie Portman looks super chic in head to toe black as she shows off her bump in a tight dress for screening of new movie Jackie Lucky Leo! Nina Agdal shows off her enviably toned stomach and ample assets in racy plunging lingerie as she dances seductively in new LOVE Advent video The force is strong with this one: Physicist Stephen Hawking treats himself to a trip to see the new Star Wars film to mark his 75th birthday  Just heavenly! Victoria's Secret models Lais Ribeiro, Romee Strijd and Jasmine Tookes show off their bikini bodies on the beach in Brazil Justin Bieber's rumored ex Sahara Ray shows off her figure in a series of revealing swimsuits while enjoying Bali getaway Posted sultry videos 'It's a friendly thing...for now': Kendall Jenner enjoying rumoured ex Chandler Parson's company as it's claimed he's just 'pals' with Hailey Baldwin   PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: So cheeky! Kylie Jenner's boyfriend Tyga can't keep his hands off her on romantic getaway in Mexico Packing on the PDA Sister Wives' Mariah Brown was homophobic for years until her professor made her realize she is a lesbian she says as her coming out leaves mom in tears Where are you chow? Justin Bieber dumps pet dog on backup dancer... who gets stuck with $8,000 vet bill  A puppy is not just for Christmas! 'It's one of the worst pains!': Little Mix singer Jesy Nelson describes split from fiancée Jake Roche as 'horrendous'...  The 25-year-old is still reeling from breakup Slippery when wet! Kourtney Kardashian tries to keep her balance in high heels and tight leather trousers as she goes for night out in rainy LA Jourdan Dunn looks sensational in a skimpy white bikini as she listens to tunes on the beach with her son Riley during blissful break in Barbados Make-up free Ashley Greene works up a sweat as she flashes diamond engagement ring in West Hollywood Recent engaged to Paul Khoury That's quite a spread! Hayden Panettiere rocks little blue dress on Style Code Live and applies Nutella The 27-year-old actress wore a stylish blue dress Beauty crash course: A dermatologist details the three skincare steps you should resolve NEVER to skip to achieve your best complexion in 2017 Perfect 10! Bryce Dallas Howard shows some skin in lace cut-out number as head judge at Moët Moment Film Festival in Los Angeles Billie Piper keeps a low-profile in comfy leggings and chunky knitwear as she enjoys a dog walk in chilly London The actress, 34 Bethenny Frankel asking for millions in law suit against attorneys over property row with ex Jason Hoppy Property-related agreement was botched No turkey tum here! Rosie Huntington-Whiteley displays her incredible body modelling her new fitness range  The blonde model Pregnant Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans and boyfriend David Eason head to court for custody battle with ex Nathan Griffith over son Kaiser Looking angelic! Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale flaunts her slim figure and taut tummy in STUNNING workout photo Takes work for that body Jennifer Lopez teases new show World of Dance and introduces Jenna Dewan Tatum as the host alongside judges Ne-Yo and Derek Hough  Clever cut that makes hair thicker! Top stylist devises a revolutionary concept to make thin hair fuller Could a simple haircut finally solve your woes? Arnold Schwarzenegger dons camouflage bomber jacket as he goes for a hobble around Beverly Hills in leg brace after painful fracture  Comedy Gold-ie! Hawn hilariously sticks out her tongue as she flaunts her sensational pins in printed yoga pants out and about in LA Worked up a sweat Leonardo DiCaprio switches to presenting at Golden Globe Awards after winning honor three times Will take to the stage for a different reason She's got the love Bugg! Leonardo DiCaprio's bikini babe 'ex' Roxy Horner confirms new romance with singer Jake in a series of sweet pictures His biggest supporter! Rafael Nadal's long-term girlfriend Xisca Perello looks chic in fitted white blouse as she anxiously watches her man's tennis match Fresh faced Reese Witherspoon looks chic in all-black as she exits skin care clinic in West Hollywood At Kinara Skin Care in West Hollywood  Giving her a quick peck! Kylie Jenner is nibbled by cheeky parrot as beau Tyga chortles in the background Famous for her almost unnaturally plump lips 'I am crying typing this': Rowan Blanchard posts emotional farewell as Girl Meets World is cancelled after three seasons Got the chop Patrick Schwarzenegger takes his model girlfriend Abby Champion on hike in Los Angeles after vacationing together in Mexico Hot metal! Olivia Culpo wows in silver top and white maxi skirt at the Moet Moment Film Festival in LA She stunned on the red carpet 'I respond very well to being touched': Nicole Kidman says she's a 'very tactile person' as she joins Lion co-star Dev Patel at New York Times Q&A Never Mind The Reunion! The Sex Pistols guitarist Steve Jones says the band won't be reforming for shows as they 'hate each other' Quashed rumors  EXCLUSIVE: Beyoncé's songwriter finds her missing brother living 3,000 miles from home on the streets of LA after recognizing him sitting at a bus stop EXCLUSIVE: Billie Lourd enjoys beers and bowling with Taylor Lautner as she prepares to bury her mom Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds 'Pregnant' Irina Shayk dresses for comfort in cozy pajama shirt and track pants for casual shopping trip in Beverly Hills Bradley Cooper's girl Jackets and genes! Chloe Grace Moretz and mom Teri don matching coats as they thank Airbnb for family holiday in $10m mansion  Cool digs Victoria's Secret star Bridget Malcolm cuddles up to husband Nathaniel Hoho as they dig into cake together in new snaps of their second wedding Amy Adams wows in lace for the National Board Of Review's Gala in NYC...and shares a sweet kiss with husband Darren Le Gallo Puckering up Riley Keough dons Dolce & Gabbana at National Board of Review Gala... after nabbing first-ever Golden Globe nod Granddaughter of Elvis  Chrissy Teigen shows off svelte figure in crop top and cutoffs as she enjoys a cruise with John Legend and Luna in St Barts Family vacation 'It's a means of punishing me': Amber Heard accuses 'mean-spirited' Johnny Depp of dragging out divorce Says he is punishing her by deliberately delaying  Baby, it's cold outside! Karlie Kloss wears multiple jackets in rainy New York City after ringing in 2017 in sunny St Barths Wrapping up Good enough to eat! Blac Chyna grabs a snack while running errands as 'relationship with Rob Kardashian continues to improve' The mother-of-two  'Why you cheating on me?': Iggy Azalea hosts a jam session in her LA mansion and busts out lyrics alluding to ex-fiancé Nick Young Back to work 'Gone too soon': Naomi Campbell pays tribute to her friend George Michael after starring in his iconic Freedom '90 video She appeared in his iconic Freedom 90 video  Loved-up! Newlyweds Pretty Little Liars' Troian Bellisario and Suits' Patrick J. Adams cut a relaxed figure as they honeymoon in Sydney Down Under Jennifer Lopez granted restraining order against stalker as she 'fears for safety of herself and her twins' The singer fears for her safety 'My face feels like it's gonna fall off!' Sophie Monk gets VERY cold as she recovers from recent sunburn by riding through the icy snow  She recently suffered  Bring the bromance back! Ryan Reynolds wants to do a combined Deadpool and Wolverine movie with Hugh Jackman Superhero spectacular 'He's really a fit guy': Celebrity trainer Harley Pasternak says client Kanye West keeping 'active' since breakdown He had a psychotic breakdown Maggie Gyllenhaal cuts a chic figure in asymmetrical dress at the National Board of Review Gala She hit the red carpet looking chic  'It's so honest and truthful': Actress Hailee Steinfeld reveals how she deeply related to her teen role as Nadine in teen flick Edge Of Seventeen Out and about! Kristen Stewart grabs smoothies with rumoured girlfriend Stella Maxwell in Silver Lake A fuss-free outing He got Emma stoned! Andrew Garfield says his favorite birthday memory is being high on pot brownies at Disneyland with former girlfriend Stone 'He never stood up for me!' CBB's Stacy Francis says family friend Ray J 'threw her under a bus' after explosive row with Whitney Houston 'My son': Kim Kardashian shares sweet photo of herself holding one-year-old son Saint West as she returns to social media Back on social media American Idol runner-up Bo Bice gets Popeyes worker suspended for calling him 'white boy' and then cries as he claims to be victim 'racial prejudice' 'I guess I should announce this and stuff': Felicia Day reveals she is pregnant... with just three weeks to go She also confirmed she's having a girl Khloe Kardashian raves about being 'in love' and 'the happiest I've been in years' with new guy Tristan Thompson In a post on her website  'If she gets pregnant, then great, but if she doesn't, it's OK': Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth 'set to start a family in 2017' and are 'looking at adoption more seriously' Body goals! Naomi Watts, 48, shows off her ageless physique and toned limbs during New Year's family getaway to Cancun  Chilling on the beach Back on? Kendall Jenner and rumored ex-beau Chandler Parsons browse luxury cars together before dinner date in LA Flirtatious display Angelina Jolie's lawyer claims Brad Pitt is 'terrified the truth will come out' in divorce proceedings as actress 'approves' his request to have children's records sealed  Justin Timberlake is smitten with Jessica Biel as she shimmies at Lakers game and later sinks half court shots The Can't Stop The Feeling singer Michael Fassbender reveals he enjoys making audiences uncomfortable as he blurs the lines between good and evil in Assassin's Creed  Check out my boyfriend! Sophie Turner proudly posts first picture of beau Joe Jonas on her Instagram page Going public She's caught the love Bugg! Leonardo DiCaprio's rumoured ex Roxy Horner confirms new romance  She shared pictures with singer Jake Bugg Mariah Carey wears plunging gold swimsuit as she soaks in hot tub after firing creative director for NYE nightmare performance 47-year-old pop diva Like mother, like daughter! Nicole Kidman reveals her daughter Sunday Rose, eight, is following in her footsteps and becoming an actress  EXCLUSIVE: CBB bosses warn Stacy Francis over 'concerning language' after she dubs Austin Armacost 'the gay boy'... and viewers lash out at 'homophobic' behaviour Off the rink, on with the ring: Margot Robbie flashes her simple wedding band as she exits ice skating practice for new role as Tonya Harding Jennifer Lopez and Drake romance is 'real deal'... as it's claimed competition 'won't stop ex-husband Marc Anthony from rekindling romance with singer' Stallone's angels! Sly's three gorgeous daughters ham it up with Jimmy Fallon they prepare to serve as Miss Golden Globes The 70-year-old Rocky star's three daughters  RHONJ star Melissa Gorga closes Envy boutique after 'difference of opinion' with her business partner Several disagreements Working it out! Lily Collins showcases her toned figure as she preps for Golden Globes with grueling gym session Daughter of Phil Collins Back at it! New mom Blac Chyna puts on VERY busty display as she shares sneak peek of sexy photo shoot She wasted no time getting her sexy back on She is officially hired! Trump appoints notorious Apprentice contestant Omarosa to a public engagement role in the White House Confirmed! 'I'm tired but I'm still moving!' Shannen Doherty dances through the pain as she does double the radiation so she can stop the treatment Nicole Kidman is the picture of sophistication as she steps out in figure-hugging studded blouse to attend film screening in NYC In the Big Apple The bongo maestro! Tennis great Roger Federer delights the crowd as he lets rip on virtual drums on the big screen at the Hopman Cup... but his dad is less than impressed New York chic! Julianne Hough flaunts cleavage as she strolls through Manhattan after taping Good Morning America Cut a colorful figure Amy Duggar reveals why she's turning to couples counseling after just one year of marriage... and clears up rumors her husband abused her She's focused! Margot Robbie hits the ice skating rink in Brisbane as she prepares for her new role as disgraced ice skater Tonya Harding Chilly work Where's Kim? Kanye West fails to raise a smile as he leaves LA restaurant with female companions... as his wife returns to social media Active mom-to-be! Natalie Portman gets in refreshing morning hike with gal pal as she wraps up burgeoning bump in flannel top She is 35 Carrie Fisher has already been cremated - and some of her ashes will be buried with mom Debbie Reynolds when they are laid to rest in a private family ceremony tomorrow     DON'T MISS Release of Carrie Fisher's autopsy results delayed by Los Angeles coroner's office one day before she is laid to rest alongside her mother, Debbie Reynolds In-Zayn! UK TV presenter Bradley Walsh BEATS former One Direction star Malik to be named the UK's biggest selling debut artist of 2016 Time to reject the tyranny of make-up? More and more women are ditching cosmetics - led by celebs like Helen Mirren - but would YOU dare join them?  Kate Beckinsale looks oh so chic in flirty strapless top while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars in New York Slipped into a flowing and strapless blouse Thanking her Lucky Stars! Madonna, 58, takes a nasty tumble on the slopes during family ski trip to Switzerland... but luckily 'toyboy beau, 25,' misses embarrassing fall Doutzen Kroes flaunts her impeccably toned abs in a skimpy crop top as she smoulders in sportswear campaign She works hard to maintain her figure Get a leg up! As Sarah Jessica Parker adds some flair to her outfits with statement-making hosiery, FEMAIL rounds up the season's hottest styles to ensure all eyes are looking down  Zayn Malik launches his debut footwear collection with Giuseppe Zanotti as the Italian designer hails the former boy band member a 'fashion icon' Furry glamorous! Naomi Campbell wraps up in a luxurious coat as she hints at writing an autobiography during Today visit British beauty 'It scares me every single time!' Connie Britton admits she fears singing but still feels 'it's been the most exciting part of' Nashville It frightens her EXCLUSIVE: RHOA star Phaedra Parks is slapped with a lien against $1.3m Georgia mansion by ex Apollo Nida, warning her not to sell the property He's a big star! Jamie Foxx wears inflatable sumo wrestler costume for hilarious charades game with Ellen DeGeneres Acting out clues Nicole Murphy subtly showcases her incredible figure in a skintight monochrome ensemble as she enjoys an evening out on the town EXCLUSIVE: Lady Gaga and Katy Perry dragged into Kesha's sex assault case as court orders Tic Tok singer to show Dr Luke an intriguing secret text Can writing on your wobbly bits help you learn to love them? Six women with 'bingo wings, saggy knees and post baby boobs' highlight their most despised body part  'I just want to send an apology': Soulja Boy says sorry for beef with Chris Brown and insists he wants to 'make music with him' Heartfelt apology This Is Us star Chrissy Metz 'denies having gastric bypass surgery' after she was seen using a wheelchair at LAX  Recovering from injury Not now darling, I'm working! Pregnant Marion Cotillard playfully rolls her eyes at beau Guillaume Canet as he gets hands-on at film photocall Billy Bush poses with book, 'A**holes: A Theory' and jokes the book was written about him in photo three months after hot mic recording was leaked 'I'm ready to tell everything!': Ray J reveals he will be spilling the beans on his infamous sex tape with former flame Kim Kardashian on CBB Survivor: Gabon star Dan Kay, 40, mysteriously dies on New Year's Eve His death is 'not being investigated by the police for foul play' EXCLUSIVE: Prince Harry has met his girlfriend Meghan Markle's father who is 'proud' of his daughter's relationship, reveals her brother Life's a treasure! Pirates Of The Caribbean star Brenton Thwaites enjoys downtime on the Gold Coast with girlfriend and baby daughter Birdie ahead of a huge 2017 Booty-ful holiday! Kylie Jenner poses up a storm in racy swimsuits while on sunshine break with her BFF The besties showed off their sensational curves Playing with fire! Eva Longoria sizzles in red hot bathing suit during holiday in Mexico  Took to Instagram to share a snap of herself wearing a bathing suit Diary disaster! Kylie Jenner's 2017 calendar prints the WRONG date of the reality star's own birthday... 10 days too late Quite a big mistake 'Thank you Snoop Dogg!': Willie Nelson receives ultimate Christmas sweater from fellow pot enthusiast Very personal Christmas gift Salon in your sitting room! FEMAIL finds out that when it comes to blow-dries, facials and even teeth polishing, you no longer need to leave home to be pampered  'She's the only one I trust' Emma Thompson, 57, dropped from size 10 to a 6 in just six weeks, thanks to the Duchess of Cambridge's diet guru  Hats off to love! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, and Darren Aronofsky, 47, go public with their romance as they bundle up for stroll in NYC Keeping warm George Michael's partner Fadi Fawaz is seen for the first time since claiming his Twitter was 'hacked' after tweets were sent saying star was suicidal 'I'll miss you George Michael': James Corden pays tribute to the late pop icon as he recalls filming the first ever Carpool Karaoke with him Working it out: Anthony Anderson's wife Alvina cancels proceedings more than a year after filing for divorce Seems she's had a change of heart Monochrome maven! Vanessa Hudgens steps out for coffee in white dungarees... as she performs first ever duet with BFF Ashley Tisdale Coffee run Halle Berry 'rushed to finalise divorce' from Olivier Martinez before 2017 due to 'pending contracts and deals' Didn't want ex getting slice of her deals Naked Rita Ora gets wet and wild on Snapchat as she films herself while enjoying a bubble bath... as she admits she struggles with body confidence Wigging out! Blac Chyna goes platinum blonde as she wears nothing but a leather jacket and fishnets in teaser for photoshoot Blondes have more fun It's a boy! 'Thrilled' Janet Jackson gives birth to her first child at 50 Hitmaker and her husband welcomed their son Eissa Al Mana  Pretty in plum! Princess Mary shows off her thrifty side by stepping out in flowing cape for the second time in four days Danish royal 'I am my mom's best friend': Incredible bond between Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds explored in trailer for HBO documentary about their relationship A new series of Will and Grace is set to return without Debbie Reynolds - but what happened to the other stars of the hit during its 10 year break? New addition! Maksim Chmerkovskiy and fiancée Peta Murgatroyd announce birth of first child She confirmed her pregnancy to in June. Dorit Kemsley racks up another enemy and clashes with Eileen Davidson on The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills Not making friends She's an ace! Maria Sharapova shows off fabulously toned physique in tiny black bikini as suspended tennis pro vacations in Hawaii Tiffany Trump shares throwback snap of herself and Democrat boyfriend Ross inside dad Donald's lavish bash, after she walked the red carpet alone Ivanka set to move to D.C. house that's just two blocks away from the Obamas' post-presidency digs  New first family gears up for the big move 'This was a tough decision for me': Megyn Kelly gets emotional on air as she suggests NBC move will allow her to spend more time with her children Smile that says she's leaving: Megyn Kelly heads to the studio hours after announcing she's moving to NBC 'after Fox SNUBBED her $25m demand'  Muhammad Ali's $80m will is set to ignite 'World War Three' among his nine children and widow after it is revealed she is to receive double the $6m they have been left Signed, sealed and delivering one last hurrah! 'Stevie Wonder, Beyonce and Oprah to attend Obamas' final star-studded party' before they leave Covered up! 'Pregnant' Irina Shayk hides her tummy under baggy hoodie as rumors continue she's expecting baby with beau Bradley Cooper Powerhouse! Margot Robbie makes Forbes 30 Under 30 list after bumper year in Hollywood made her 2016's fourth highest-grossing actor Jonathan Rhys Meyers 'becomes a first-time father as he welcomes son Wolf with fiancée Mara Lane' It is believed she gave birth at home 'I'm lucky to have her': Ryan Reynolds credits wife Blake Lively for 'keeping me sane' through anxiety attacks The 40-year-old is a Golden Globe nominee  On the night feeds? New dad Russell Brand appears worn out as he enjoys low-key stroll... after welcoming daughter Mabel two months ago Bundled up for baby! Pregnant Natalie Portman glows as she steps out in winter clothes for lunch in Los Angeles ahead of busy awards season Trump's spin doctor, Kylie Jenner and YouTuber Tyler Oakley are named among the world's most powerful millennials in new Forbes list  Joining the braid-y bunch! Patrick Schwarzenegger shows off cornrow hairdo as he suns himself with model girlfriend Abby Champion in Mexico Put down your fork after three bites and greet people with a kiss: Etiquette expert reveals Duchess Kate's rules for hosting a successful party Looking all white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her phenomenal beach body in monochrome bikini on Instagram She looks ready for the beach  George Kosana, who played the sheriff in zombie classic Night of the Living Dead, is dead at 81 Died at his home in his home in Pennsylvania 'Times does heal': Khloe Kardashian hopes sister Kim will focus on 'family' and 'her own happiness' in 2017 Says she has had to 'redefine her priorities'  Expensive taste! Lily-Rose Depp shops at Chanel with boyfriend Ash Stymest in Beverly Hills The duo enjoyed some retail therapy Snoop Dogg's bodyguard tackles mentally-ill man at comedian Ricky Harris' funeral He died age 51 of a heart attack  What a blast! Kourtney Kardashian's son Mason Disick playfully wields yellow toy gun while running errands with mom She's a mom-of-three Now that's hot yoga! Shirtless Scott Eastwood shows off chiselled torso and buff arms as he performs headstands on set of Pacific Rim Back to work! Jessica Alba is rock chic perfection in edgy biker jacket and skinny jeans as she grabs coffee following Hawaiian getaway KATIE HOPKINS: Mariah Carey is a glitter-covered, camel-toed diva and her New Year's Eve debacle is the greatest thing I've ever seen Joanna Krupa sizzles in emerald cutout bikini as she gets in a paddle boarding workout in Miami Former Real Housewives Of Miami star 'She's like a slippery, greased pig': Kenya Moore calls out Phaedra Parks and Erika Jayne performs on WWHL Never one to hold back how she feels 'I have to focus on my spiritual self': Kesha says she's taking 'a break' from the internet as she steps out in LA Has had a turbulent few years Driving into the new year! Iggy Azalea looks white-hot in tight trousers as she goes to the department of motor vehicles A different gear Mistress of understatement! Denise Richards muses on 'a colourful year' as she shares photo of family dinner with Charlie Sheen 'Sun's Out Buns Out!' Madison Beer makes a statement in tight swimsuit as she frolics on the beach with boyfriend Jack Gilinsky Back on the beach Zsa Zsa Gabor's husband Frédéric Prinz von Anhalt seen dining in Beverly Hills four days after his late wife's memorial service Heartbreaking times British public slam Channel 5 for featuring mostly Americans on new series of Celebrity Big Brother as the likes of Ray J, Jasmine Waltz and Speidi enter house EXCLUSIVE: 'It's all going to kick off': Kim Kardashian's best friend Jonathan Cheban is returning to CBB for an 'explosive' showdown with her ex Ray J So that's what the Kardashian camp thinks of Ray J! Jonathan Cheban calls Kim's sex tape ex a loser in Twitter rant as he enters UK reality show Wonder who they are cheering! Hailey Baldwin and Kendall Jenner watch her rumoured lover Jordan Clarkson's LA Lakers Courtside romance Heating up the beach! Victoria's Secret model Lais Ribeiro kisses basketball player Jared Homan during tropical getaway A passionate embrace Broadway beauty! Mel B displays dancer legs in fishnet tights as she wows the crowd with her role as Roxie Hart in Chicago And all that jazz! Loving star Ruth Negga stuns in silver as she presents director Jeff Nichols with Variety's Creative Impact Award Simply stunning Green with envy! Chloe Lattanzi strikes a VERY sultry pose for a selfie inside a hydroponics room... after starting her marijuana farm business 'Slidin with my girl!': Hilary Duff shows off slim figure in retro swimsuit as she enjoys a water ride with her niece  Bonding time Kylie Jenner denies posting 'very personal' details about 'lingerie and toys' sex life with Tyga... and quits working on her paid app Going for gold! Michelle Williams wins best supporting actress at New York Film Critics Circle Awards The Manchester By The Sea star  'No, that's disgusting!' Kate Gosselin gets shut down while planning 16th birthday party for twins on Kate Plus 8 Had full on meltdown on show PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Paul McCartney, 74, puts on an amorous display with wife Nancy Shevell, 57, as she flaunts her fantastic figure in swimsuit PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Paul McCartney, 74, is ever the doting dad as he dries off daughter Stella, 45, after her dip in the ocean during St. Barts getaway 'Ain't she f***in fabulous?': Paris Jackson reveals her 'badass mom' Debbie Rowe has completed chemo as she shares defiant photo Make-up free Ruby Rose looks radiant as she shows off her new auburn hair while running errands in Beverly Hills A new 'do Sia releases creepy new music video for her Lion track Never Give Up featuring two faceless children She's famous for being camera shy Puppy love! Selma Blair and son Arthur adopt a new four-legged family member as they kick off the New Year Her little boy appeared smitten Animal strength! Hugh Jackman does a crazy handstand on his ELBOWS proving the X-Men hunk is still in top Wolverine form Instagram video  'This is a really emotional evening for me': Nicole Kidman moved to tears as she pays tribute to late father at Palm Springs Film Festival  '2nd day still going': Prince Jackson takes to Instagram and provides status update of epic tattoo still underway The 19-year-old son of the late pop star Michael Protective papa! Alec Baldwin shields his son Rafael from the rain with an umbrella as they go for a stroll in NYC Walking on the soggy city streets Oink oink! Bella Thorne and sister Dani show off their flawless bikini bodies as they cuddle up to swine on Pig Beach The 19-year-old actress took to Snapchat  'I was mortified': Mariah Carey speaks out over New Year's Eve epic lip syncing meltdown on live television Breaks her silence EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Recovering from a 'heavy cold' the Queen has been trying homeopathic cures She missed Christmas Day mass Tat's gotta hurt! Sofia Richie squirms as she ensures her tattoos get a touch up for the New Year while on NYC vacation Little makeover Olivia Newton-Johns' daughter Chloe Lattanzi narrowly avoids a wardrobe malfunction as she shares VERY racy photo Posing up Recovering from New Year? Bella Hadid keeps it casual as she flashes her toned abs in sweatpants while grabbing a coffee with brother Anwar 'We hope she enjoys tremendous success': Murdoch wishes Megyn Kelly well after she rejects $20m Fox News contract to take 'triple role' at NBC  Glow for the gold! Caitlyn Jenner shows off her ample cleavage in a low-cut golden gown as her latest make-up collection with MAC is revealed Ashlee Simpson flaunts bronzed legs on jet-set vacation to Mexico with Evan Ross and family over New Year's Vacation time 'Never give up': Cody Simpson's Kim Kardashian lookalike 'ex' Constance Siaflas reveals her impressive body transformation Quick selfie 'I couldn't afford a trainer': Chris Pratt recalls being called 'too fat' for Moneyball role and how he dropped the weight all by himself The 37-year-old actor  'He loved my brother and my brother loved him': Family of George Michael's Australian model boyfriend slam friend's claims he was a 'LEECH' Ready for bed! Kate Beckinsale looks sartorially chic in silky pink pyjama-inspired ensemble and towering heels as she touches down at JFK Fabulous at 48! Fresh-faced Christy Turlington looks chic on trip around Manhattan after fellow Nineties supermodels wish her a happy birthday Let's roll! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend take daughter Luna for a walk while on holiday in St. Barts Legend is celebrating his 38th birthday 'I'm taking steps to better my life': Heather Locklear addresses rumors she's in rehab again The former Melrose Place star, 55 Doutzen Kroes enjoys another day of sunshine bliss in skimpy string bikini The 31-year-old model strutted her stuff on Miami Beach Track Palin's ex-girlfriend files for FULL custody of their three-month-old child Jordan Loewe is 'concerned' about her and the child's safety She's got expensive taste! Rebel Wilson totes a designer backpack worth over $8k as she arrives at Sydney airport  She's a funnywoman Back to reality! Sofia Vergara And Joe Manganiello jet home after luxury stay in Bora Bora  They have been enjoying an island vacation Holidays are over! Model Megan Blake Irwin cuts a casual figure as she jets out of Adelaide Airport Scott Disick's rumoured ex Forced back! Star Wars: Han Solo release date 'delayed seven months' following new casting announcements May not be released until December 2018 Bikini babe Jessica Hart puts on a busty display in first photo shoot as she marks her return to Seafolly She has graced the cover of Australian Vogue Bringing the pain! Rapper T-Pain announces Australia and New Zealand tour after last appearance Down Under was cancelled because he didn't receive payment 'Who the hell argues with Whitney Houston?' UK CBB fans express fury over Stacy Francis entering house as they recall her row with late singer over Ray J... just two days before death Looking fly, girl! Kylie Jenner teams sheer high-cut bodysuit with comfy sweatpants for private jet trip The 19-year-old knows how to travel in style Kylie Jenner makes Forbes 30 Under 30 list to become the only teenage Retail & Ecommerce entrepreneur She is just 19 That's a cute couple! Zayn Malik shares first selfies of 2017 with Gigi Hadid as he posts tender collage on Instagram They're not camera shy Veteran TV and stage director Jeffrey Hayden dies at 90 following year-long battle with cancer He directed early live TV plays with stars including James Dean  'I'm so grateful I met Ruckus': Shanina Shaik reveals she's 'so happy' to put 'bad relationships' behind her ahead of marriage plans  She's loved up Leaked recording reveals Rockettes boss telling them they should perform at Trump's inauguration as 'it's a historical moment' but the dancers continue to push back against him 'The fact that the song is about Zayn doesn't cross my mind!' Malik's cousin declares her love for Perrie Edwards' hit Shout Out To My Ex... despite it 'mocking his sexual prowess' 'The perfect fit!': Victoria's Secret model Georgia Fowler announced as the new face of Australian youth fashion label Portmans  Catwalk queen 'She's trying to extend her 15 minutes of fame': Johnny Depp's legal team blast Amber Heard's bid for bigger settlement  Ugly divorce continues January Jones has 'no regrets' about raising son Xander as a single mother and would 'love to do it again'... but she's less enthusiastic about the prospect of dating 'It's important for women to stand up and fight back': Gretchen Carlson talks about the need to empower females on Today in return to TV  'Everyone knows I've had struggles!' Oprah talks about losing 42lbs and finally getting her weight under control as she promotes her cookbook The size 4 (and ever so slightly smug) club: Struggling to squeeze into your clothes after Christmas? Take some tips from the women who ALWAYS stay slim Celine Dion puts five bedroom home in Paris on market for $9.3million... one year after death of husband Rene Angelil Her private mansion  Today's headlines Most Read Pictured: The Fort Lauderdale 'air rage' gunman who 'argued with passengers' on his flight before he... Trump ignores America's spy chiefs and says Russia's hacks had 'no effect' on the election - despite... Elderly couple who jumped off Las Vegas parking garage in 'joint suicide' had thousands of dollars of credit... Angelina Jolie accuses Brad Pitt of ‘publicly impugning’ her character in new court documents saying actor... Are YOU a non-responder? Why some people find it harder to get fit - and expert advice on how to fix it  'We felt it was where she'd want to be': Carrie Fisher's ashes brought to funeral in giant Prozac pill that... Scientology lawyer goes on national TV to slam Leah Remini for show on A&E that led to death threats against... Mom who 'killed her three-year-old son and dumped his body in a suitcase in a swamp' says she has no remorse... Taking up running? Here's what you need to know to make it to February before giving up  We really ARE made of stardust: Researchers reveal how the elements of life are spread through the universe  EXCLUSIVE: Chicago torture victim, 18, is asking why 'friend he idolized' was one of black gang who beat,... Judge denies bail for four suspects in Chicago torture video as prosecutor reveals they demanded $300 from... Revealed: The six warning signs that prove you NEED to leave your job (and why this is the best time to land... Crews searching Lake Erie find 'human remains' on seat of plane that was carrying six people when it... America is unprepared for a killer asteroid impact and must accelerate 'doomsday plan' to develop bombs and... Convicted killer, 57, becomes first US inmate to receive state-funded sexual reassignment surgery in... Breaking Bad 'NOLA' style: Louisiana teacher and her husband were running a meth lab out of the home they... 'I'm a normal guy. I just fancy six-year-olds: 'Virtuous' paedophile who is aroused by girls aged under 13... Bible Belt hit with snow: Rare winter storm bringing snow, sleet and rain to the Deep South...and it's... Is there a lost city in Antarctica? Mysterious dome 'building' may have been created by an ancient... Prince Harry 'has taken girlfriend Meghan Markle to Norway to see the Northern Lights on their first... Tiny brain and greasy hair found INSIDE ovary of 16-year-old girl Philadelphia deliveryman wrongly shot 14 times by police gets a $4.4million settlement Pennsylvania woman 'drove into a river to avoid arrest then ignored officers and continued drinking BEER as... Near-weeping Michelle Obama delivers valedictory appeal to 'hope' as she says being First Lady was 'greatest... 'What is it they're afraid of?' Obama asks why GOP is rushing health care repeal but delaying a replacement... Trump insists election-year cyber attacks had 'absolutely no effect' on election results as he stays mum on... Arnie hits back at Trump in Twitter war over The Apprentice ratings: Schwarzenegger tells The Donald to... More Hillary Clinton emails surface – and show how anti-gay Sharia law ruler shunned by celebrities treated... MORE HEADLINES Pictured: The Fort Lauderdale 'air rage' gunman who 'argued with passengers' on his flight before he retrieved his handgun from checked luggage and then executed five people in baggage claim Millennials are entitled, narcissistic and lazy - but it's not their fault: Expert claims 'every child wins a prize' and social media has left Gen Y unable to deal with the real world Now Obama's building a wall! Workers put the finishing touches to a brick barrier around $5million DC mansion where Barack, Michelle and Sasha will live after leaving the White House  Black teens are charged with a HATE CRIME after live-streaming torture of white disabled man who they held prisoner for days before he escaped - as cops reveal they have shown NO remorse EXCLUSIVE: Chicago torture victim, 18, is asking why 'friend he idolized' was one of black gang who beat, burned and tortured him chanting 'f*** Trump, f*** white people' Gwyneth Paltrow, Meryl Streep and Meg Ryan among the stars to turn out for Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher's memorial service 'We felt it was where she'd want to be': Carrie Fisher's ashes brought to funeral in giant Prozac pill that was her 'favorite possession' as she buried with her mother Debbie Reynolds  Downfall of the $400,000-a-year Gawker editor: AJ Daulerio reveals he was molested as a child, battled cocaine addiction and lost his Soho apartment and life savings when boss Nick Denton 'threw him under the bus during Hulk Hogan lawsuit'  The £70,000 a week unit where George Michael hoped to beat his demons: Singer spent a YEAR in Swiss clinic offering bizarre 'electric shock therapy'  'King of Instagram' flaunts his lavish lifestyle in boastful New Year video which shows him firing guns and posing on private jets  PIERS MORGAN: Call this disgusting attack in Obama’s back yard exactly what it is: a Trump-hating race crime against a defenseless white man by young black Americans who shame their country 'I'm a normal guy. I just fancy six-year-olds: 'Virtuous' paedophile who is aroused by girls aged under 13 but 'doesn’t act on his impulses' reveals why his British wife has stood by him  Scientology lawyer goes on national TV to slam Leah Remini for show on A&E that led to death threats against thier leader David Miscavige Liberal heckler who accosted Ivanka Trump on a JetBlue flight hides his face from a reporter at his Brooklyn home as he's seen for the first time since he hurled abuse at her The demon of Arizona: Terrifying image shows 'winged creature' caught on camera by unsuspecting photographer  EXCLUSIVE: At least 18 MORE Guantanamo detainees to be freed within days as Obama starts mass transfer of fanatics who have threatened to bomb and behead Americans Mexico WILL pay for the wall: US taxpayers will put up the money 'for sake of speed' but Trump insists it will be 'paid back by Mexico later' Angelina Jolie accuses Brad Pitt of ‘publicly impugning’ her character in new court documents saying actor is 'terrified the truth will come out'  Professional slackliner rescues a man hanging unconscious by the neck from his backpack by climbing a tower and sliding 30 feet across ski lift cable Will Megyn Kelly, 46, 'push out' Savannah Guthrie, 45, as the lead anchor on Today? Rumors abound at NBC after $15m-a-year deal Detectives question George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz as senior detectives take over the inquiry amid fears the singer was killed by a drugs overdose  'Despicable': President Obama condemns black teens who live-streamed tortured of white disabled man on Facebook while yelling 'f*** white people' - but DENIES race relations are getting worse Mystery as engine drops out of B-52 bomber during Air Force training mission over wildlife refuge in North Dakota  Arnie hits back at Trump in Twitter war over The Apprentice ratings: Schwarzenegger tells The Donald to concentrate on his new job after the president-elect mocked show and called himself 'ratings machine, DJT'  More Hillary Clinton emails surface – and show how anti-gay Sharia law ruler shunned by celebrities treated Bill 'like part of his family' 'His father had been touching him down there': The Menendez Brothers' cousin breaks her silence claiming the boys were being molested before they brutally murdered their parents Mother who killed her five-year-old son in 1991 and convinced police that he went missing at a carnival is jailed for 30 years Enraged boyfriend burst into the home of Montana senator's nephew and brutally butchered him with an ax 'because he assaulted his 17-year-old ex-girlfriend' Thanks but no thanks: Donald Trump refuses the Obamas' offer to leave the White House swing set for his son Barron so the outgoing President donates it to charity instead  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Amazon Largest US police union asks Amazon to pull 'offensive' Black Lives Matter shirt An open letter is urging the online retailer to follow Walmart and drop the sale of the T-shirt, which carries the words ‘Bulletproof: Black Lives Matter’ President of the Fraternal Order of Police wrote: ‘Turning a buck on strained relationships will not contribute to the healing process.’ Photograph: Bloomberg/Bloomberg via Getty Images Edward Helmore Friday 23 December 2016 14.03 EST Last modified on Friday 23 December 2016 18.46 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close The biggest US police union is pressing Amazon to follow Walmart and remove from third-party sale a shirt that seeks profit in relation to the Black Lives Matter protest movement. Two 'deadliest' police departments in US to be investigated in California Read more The shirt, which carries the words “Bulletproof: Black Lives Matter”, was removed from online sale by Walmart on Thursday, after the Fraternal Order of Police (FOP) said it was “offensive”. In an open letter, FOP president Chuck Canterbury appealed to Amazon chief executive Jeff Bezos to support the FOP in “increasing the bonds of trust between the men and women of law enforcement and the communities they serve”. The shirt was still available for sale via Amazon.com on Friday. Amazon declined to comment. Speaking to the Guardian, Canterbury said he was not surprised, describing Amazon “as a pretty liberal marketer”. The issue was relevant, he said, because of the “amount of violence demonstrated at Black Lives Matter marches and the fact that eight police officers had been assassinated while protecting Black Lives Matter protests”. Canterbury said he was referring to officers who were shot in separate incidents in Dallas and Baton Rouge last summer. The gunmen in those shootings were not affiliated with the Black Lives Matter movement. In Dallas, a gunman shot dead five officers during an anti-violence protest. In Baton Rouge, three officers were killed in an ambush. Canterbury told the Guardian he believed nonetheless that anti-police rhetoric in the name of the protest group “had inspired people of feeble minds to strike out at police officers”. “It happened as a result of the rhetoric of different BLM groups,” he said. Messages seeking comment from prominent Black Lives Matter activists were not immediately returned. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Two women hold a sign at a protest against police brutality in the US. Photograph: Daniel Leal-Olivas/AFP/Getty Images In his open letter to Walmart, Canterbury accused it of allowing third-party sellers to profit from racial division. “Commercialising our differences will not help our local police and communities to build greater trust and respect for one another,” he wrote. “Turning a buck on strained relationships will not contribute to the healing process.” He added: “I wanted to let you know that my members are are very upset that you and Amazon are complicit in the sale of this offensive merchandise.” Walmart said in a statement that after “hearing concerns from customers” it had dropped the third-party sale of the “bulletproof” merchandise. Like other online retailers, it said, it would continue to offer third-party merchandise that carried protest and counter-protest slogans such as Black Lives Matter, Blue Lives Matter and All Lives Matter. The third-party vendor selling the “bulletproof” shirts was Connecticut-based Old Glory Merchandise. Calls to the company were not answered on Friday. Owner Glenn Morelli told CNN, however, that he had already decided to remove the shirt from his site. “It wasn’t a big seller at all,” he said. “The Blue Lives Matter sells more than the Black Lives Matter or bulletproof shirts combined. We don’t like to offend anybody.” He added: “You have to sell all different kinds of shirts. It’s hard to make everybody happy.” On Friday, Amazon customer reviews for “bulletproof” merchandise offered by one-third party merchant mirrored the divisive national debate over the Black Lives Matter movement. One reviewer, PhantomOfAmazon, wrote: “The slogan is divisive & misleading. Black Americans must come together to solve their issues in areas like Chicago, Detroit, Oakland, LA, etc.” Another, Vincent Alexander, commented: “Great shirt, unless you hate freedom of speech.” Killings by US police logged at twice the previous rate under new federal program Read more According to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, 64 US law enforcement officers have been shot and killed in 2016, the most in five years. The Counted, a Guardian project to record the number of people killed by law enforcement in the US, has recorded 1,045 such deaths in 2016. Last year, the total was 1,134. The Black Lives Matter movement has grown around such deaths, in high-profile cases often of unarmed African American men. Canterbury said “over 95%” of fatal shootings by law enforcement came during engagements with armed suspects. “There’s a big differences between shooting someone assassination-style while they’re enforcing the law and being shot while breaking the law and not complying with a lawful arrest,” he said. Guardian analysis of the 2015 figures showed young black men were nine times more likely than other Americans to be killed by police officers. A US government pilot program to count killings by police has recorded a sharply higher number of deaths than previous official efforts. Department of Justice officials have said their new method for counting “arrest-related deaths” should improve the “reliability, validity and comprehensiveness” of such information. Canterbury said FOP members would continue to apply pressure on retailers to drop such merchandise, “until Black Lives Matter makes statements that they do not approve of violence”. More news Topics Amazon Black Lives Matter movement US policing Retail industry E-commerce More… Walmart Race issues Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Amazon Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Things to do in the Lehigh Valley this weekend News Breaking News New York weighs in on Wal-Mart's sale of ammo in Valley shooting spree Michael Engman/Getty Images/Nordic New York Public Advocate Letitia James filed a brief in Philadelphia County Court with 10 members of New York City Council and two state senators arguing a federal law giving gun and ammunition dealers immunity from lawsuits does not protect Wal-Mart because the sale was illegal. New York Public Advocate Letitia James filed a brief in Philadelphia County Court with 10 members of New York City Council and two state senators arguing a federal law giving gun and ammunition dealers immunity from lawsuits does not protect Wal-Mart because the sale was illegal. (Michael Engman/Getty Images/Nordic) Peter HallOf The Morning Call New York watchdog joins effort to hold Walmart responsible for ammo used in Pa. killings. A New York City public watchdog has joined the families of three Lehigh Valley residents murdered in a July 2015 shooting spree in their effort to hold Wal-Mart responsible for allegedly selling the ammunition used in the killings to an underage customer. New York Public Advocate Letitia James filed a brief in Philadelphia County Court with 10 members of New York City Council and two state senators arguing a federal law giving gun and ammunition dealers immunity from lawsuits does not protect Wal-Mart because the sale was illegal. City officials have an interest in the outcome of the case because Pennsylvania is one of six states on the "Iron Pipeline" where the majority of illegally obtained guns used in crimes in New York originate, the Dec. 20 filing says. "The activities that defendants are alleged to be involved in are illegal and against the public interest in all states," the filing says, noting that such practices hinder regulation of gun ownership and contribute to crime in the city. Wal-Mart says the suit should be dismissed because the federal Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act bars claims for negligence against firearms and ammunition manufacturers and retailers. The lawsuit alleges Wal-Mart and its employees were negligent in selling a box of .38-caliber ammunition to then 20-year-old Robert A. Jourdain because he was too young to buy handgun ammunition under federal law. Police: Man charged in Easton, Allentown killing spree said devil spoke to him Laurie Mason Schroeder The white Mercedes sport utility vehicle crawled down Lehigh Street in Easton just after 3 a.m. July 5. Todd West was in the back seat, holding a loaded revolver. West, an Allentown police detective testified Tuesday, saw 22-year-old Kory Ketrow walking on the sidewalk. West ordered the driver... The white Mercedes sport utility vehicle crawled down Lehigh Street in Easton just after 3 a.m. July 5. Todd West was in the back seat, holding a loaded revolver. West, an Allentown police detective testified Tuesday, saw 22-year-old Kory Ketrow walking on the sidewalk. West ordered the driver... (Laurie Mason Schroeder) After buying the ammunition in the wee hours of July 5, 2015, Jourdain joined gunman Todd West in a sport utility vehicle driven by Kareem Mitchell, authorities say. The three men drove to Easton, where West used the ammunition Jourdain bought to kill 22-year-old Kory Ketrow just steps from his Lehigh Street apartment, according to police. They then drove to Allentown, where West fatally shot city residents Francine Ramos, 32, and Trevor Gray, 21, as they sat in a car at North Sixth and Greenleaf streets, police say. West, 24, pleaded guilty in Lehigh County Court to the murders and was sentenced in October to three consecutive life sentences. He is also charged in four New Jersey homicides. Mitchell, 24, of Newark, N.J., and Jourdain, now 22, of Easton, are scheduled to stand trial on homicide charges early next year. Lehigh County DA Jim Martin discusses killing and crime spree in Allentown Robert A. Jourdain, 20, of Easton; Todd West, 22, of Elizabeth, N.J.; and Kareem Mitchell, 23, of Newark, N.J., face three counts of homicide in the shooting deaths of two men and one woman in Allentown and Easton, along with charges in an attempted homicide and several robberies. Robert A. Jourdain, 20, of Easton; Todd West, 22, of Elizabeth, N.J.; and Kareem Mitchell, 23, of Newark, N.J., face three counts of homicide in the shooting deaths of two men and one woman in Allentown and Easton, along with charges in an attempted homicide and several robberies. See more videos Attorney Matthew Casey, who represents the Lehigh Valley families, said that while the New York officials' support is welcome, the claims are not political. "It is, plainly and simply, a case of egregiously reckless conduct on the part of one of the world's largest corporations that resulted in horrific injuries and the ultimate death of totally innocent citizens of our commonwealth," Casey said. But the public advocate's friend of the court brief says the outcome of the case will clarify the standards to which gun and ammunition sellers are held, which is significant for residents of Pennsylvania and neighboring states. The public advocate is an elected office in New York City government with the responsibility to identify systemic problems and recommend solutions, and has the power to hold hearings and draft legislation. The brief cites an analysis by the New York attorney general that found a majority of guns that were likely purchased to be sold or transferred illegally came from Pennsylvania, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia and Florida. Pennsylvania was the source of 13 percent of those weapons, behind only Virginia, where 15 percent of New York's likely trafficked crime guns originated. The attorney general's report notes the six Iron Pipeline states have less stringent gun laws than New York. Among them, only Pennsylvania requires a background check and only North Carolina requires a permit before buying a handgun. In preliminary objections to the lawsuit, Wal-Mart says the claims of the victims' families don't fall within the narrow exceptions under the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act that allow gun and ammunition dealers to be sued. The Bentonville, Ark.-based retailer notes the law bars suits for harm resulting solely from the criminal misuse of guns and ammunition. Wal-Mart also argues that the families cannot prove their claims that the sale was negligent. peter.hall@mcall.com Twitter @phall215 610-820-6581 Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The Morning Call Homicide Shootings GRAPHIC: New Jersey and Pennsylvania shooting spree Judge: Ammo lawsuit tied to Valley slayings going back to Philly court PICTURES: Lehigh County DA Jim Martin discusses killing and crime spree in Allentown Prosecutor: 'Horrific' shooting spree left 4 dead in Jersey, 3 in the Lehigh Valley Police: Three men fired randomly during Sunday killing spree in Allentown, Easton Breaking Popular Obits Biz Cycle Be An Angel Sports Video/Photos Classifieds 27°
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article Apple's App Store Earned $8.6 Billion Last Year New Year's was its busiest single day ever Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article 30 Legitimate Ways to Make Some Quick Cash This Year Get some extra cash in your wallet My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Home > Stock Market News Today's Stock Market News & Analysis The Market's Shift in Focus Makes A Correction Look Likely By Martin Tillier Traders and investors have shifted their gaze from the future to the current state of the market. Apple's App Store Sales Exploded in 2016 By Richard Saintvilus Consumers spent major cash on the App Store in 2016, boding well for this year. What to Watch When Netflix Reports Earnings By Motley Fool The fourth quarter tends to be an important one for Netflix. Can 2017 Be a Year of Nasdaq ETFs? By Zacks.com A look at which ETFs are poised to capitalize this year. Latest News Videos Stocks to buy near Dow 20K: 4 trade... Pipeline Debt Rolls On for Canada E... Pipeline Debt Rolls On for Canada E... Will Connected Health Save the Heal... Latest News Will Comcast Dethrone Walt Disney as Box Office King in 2017? 01/06/2017 8:00 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks How to Sign Up for a TradeStation Online Brokerage Account: A Step-by-Step Guide 01/06/2017 7:21 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks A New Year, Possible New Directions For The Energy Recap 01/06/2017 7:09 PM - SeekingAlpha Appears In: Stocks 2 Numbers PayPal Investors Should Watch 01/06/2017 7:07 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks How Much Social Security Tax Do I Pay? 01/06/2017 7:04 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks Momenta (MNTA) to Receive $50M Under CSL Collaboration 01/06/2017 6:44 PM - Zacks.com Appears In: Stocks Why Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Sears Holdings, and Shake Shack Slumped Today 01/06/2017 6:41 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks Why Microchip Is a Better Semiconductor Stock than Monolithic 01/06/2017 6:40 PM - Zacks.com Appears In: Stocks Will AMD's Vega Pose a Threat to NVIDIA's GPU Dominance? 01/06/2017 6:37 PM - Zacks.com Appears In: Stocks Why Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Shares Shot 17% Higher Today 01/06/2017 6:27 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks Highlights From CES 2017: Driverless Cars, ESports, and IoT Connectivity 01/06/2017 6:11 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks Why Pacira Pharmaceuticals, W&T Offshore, and Helen of Troy Jumped Today 01/06/2017 6:08 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks Strong December Pushes Ford Motor Co. to a Record Year in China 01/06/2017 6:08 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks What Drove SeaWorld Entertainment, Inc. Stock Higher in December 01/06/2017 6:01 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks Getting a Handle on Dow ETFs as DJIA Eyes 20,000 01/06/2017 5:50 PM - Tom Lydon Appears In: ETFs This Week in Solar 01/06/2017 5:42 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks AIG Unit Receives Moody's Rating Action Following Spin-Off 01/06/2017 5:41 PM - Zacks.com Appears In: Stocks US IPO Weekly Recap: 2017 kicks off with a $1 billion IPO filing 01/06/2017 5:21 PM - Renaissance Capital Appears In: IPOs Highlights From the Exclusive Motley Fool ONE Event in Boston 01/06/2017 5:17 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks Vale's (VALE) Stock Looks Promising on Growth Initiatives 01/06/2017 5:11 PM - Zacks.com Appears In: Stocks View More Headlines Browse News by Category ETFs Getting a Handle on Dow ETFs as DJIA Eyes 20,000 Schwab OneSource: Most Extensive Line of Commission-Free ETFs Emerging Bond ETFs Could Offer Opportunities in New Year More ETFs Technology Apple's App Store Sales Exploded in 2016 Blockchain For Beginners Apple, Alphabet, Amazon, Microsoft: Who Takes the Crown in 2017? More Technology Commodities Bullish Two Hundred Day Moving Average Cross - CMS Technology Sector Update for 01/06/2017: NXPI,SIMO,COYN Consumer Sector Update for 01/06/2017: FRSH,GPS,RT More Commodities Investing ideas Depomed Breaks Below 200-Day Moving Average - Notable for DEPO Churchill Downs is Now Oversold (CHDN) How Have Equity Underwriting Deals Closed By European Investment... More Investing ideas Today's Market Activity NASDAQ 5521.06 33.12  ▲  0.60% DJIA 19963.80 64.51  ▲  0.32% S&P 500 2276.98 7.98  ▲  0.35% Data as of Jan 6, 2017 Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform View All Market Intelligence Stay ahead of the markets with these must-read articles Amazon Just Showed All The Tech Giants The Right Way To Build A TV Chris Ciaccia Blockchain Promises Accountants, Auditors and Their Clients Better Data Sooner And Cheaper Bitcoin Magazine What Is The Cloud And How Are Companies Making Money With It? Prableen Bajpai Compare Rates Mortgages Autos CDs Loan Type Rate Change APR 30 yr fixed mtg 3.99% ▼ 4.10% 15 yr fixed mtg 3.16% ▼ 3.35% 30 yr FHA mtg 3.67% ▼ 3.74% 5/1 ARM 3.29% ▼ 6.07% View rates in your area   Search   Overnight Avg Rate Latest Change 48 month new car loan 2.98% ▼ 36 month new car loan 2.81% ▼ 60 month new car loan 3.03% ▼ 36 month used car loan 3.21% ▼ 72 month new car loan 3.33% - View rates in your area   Search   Overnight Avg Rate Latest Change APY 3 month CD 0.39% - 6 month CD 0.77% ▲ 1 yr CD 1.18% ▲ 5 yr CD 1.80% ▲ 1 yr jumbo CD 0.94% ▲ View more rates   Search   Rate Data Provided by Bankrate.com Latest Articles by Martin Tillier Martin Tiller's new must-read column on the markets Enlightening. Entertaining. Every day. Only at NASDAQ.com. The Market's Shift in Focus Makes A Correction Look Likely 01/06/2017 9:24 AM Two Cyber Security Stock Picks For 2017 01/05/2017 10:23 AM Experience Suggests a Good Q4 for Apple (AAPL) 01/04/2017 10:08 AM New Year's Resolutions for Investors 01/03/2017 11:32 AM Investing Themes For 2017 12/21/2016 8:23 AM More Martin Tillier NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX We have a favor to ask Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us. CLOSEX
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services News SPECIAL REPORT: The Heroin Crisis Campaign 2016 Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Salute_to_seniors Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices About Us Contact Us e-Edition App Downloads Login 25° Clear North Andover, MA (01845) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Some clouds. Low 17F. Winds light and variable. Updated: January 6, 2017 @ 8:54 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services News SPECIAL REPORT: The Heroin Crisis Campaign 2016 Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Salute_to_seniors Region AP US veteran arrested in airport shooting; 5 dead, 8 wounded By DAVID FISCHER Associated Press 7 min ago Atkinson takes reins as council chairman Methuen police seek help ID'ing woman in telephone scam Police arrest suspect in pawn shop heist Lawmakers press for debate on self-driving cars Security boosted at Logan following Florida airport shooting Court considers who can say someone is 'too stoned to drive' 6-time drunk driver expected to get 3-1/2 years Merrimack Valley police logs Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Sports List of All-Pro team from AP: Warning ... no Tom Brady 6 hrs ago Rookies, Ryan, highlight All-Pro Team: Slater only Patriot among 28 honorees ROCK FIGHT: Methuen pulls ahead late, tops Lawrence in sloppy affair Area games schedule Burt picks Packers over Giants, Pats-Packers Super Bowl BILL BURT Podcast: On Pats chances, Wild Card weekend with Mac Cerullo Barstow using skills off the mat to help Rangers stay unbeaten Local Notes Captains Corner Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Community Special event for young Catholics scheduled for Jan. 20 in Lowell By Paul Tennant ptennant@eagletribune.com 22 hrs ago Reunions Club News Community Calendar Reunions Club News Club News Community Calendar Click here for story Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Opinion Our view: Trump tweets torpedo bid to undermine ethics office 13 hrs ago Sound Off Jim Cain: Why we keep the homeless out of sight Our view: Court's decision in Chism video case a victory for openness Sound Off George F. Will: Making America 1953 again Our view: Facing the addiction problem in 2017 Sound Off Doyle McManus: What do Trump supporters expect? Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Close 1 of 6 Ryan Hutton | The Eagle Tribune RYAN HUTTON/ Staff photo Santa Claus waves to a bus-load of kids from the Haverhill YMCA as they pull up to the Plaistow Walmart as part of a program with the YMCA where about 100 kids got to go on a $100 shopping spree. Ryan Hutton | The Eagle Tribune RYAN HUTTON/Staff photo Makenna Murphy, 8, and her friend Macaydence Clement, 6, check out toys from the latest Disney movie at the Plaistow Walmart. Ryan Hutton | The Eagle Tribune RYAN HUTTON/ Staff photo Volunteer Heidi Caisse shops at the Plaistow Walmart with Ellie Cosme, 10, and her brother Gabriel, 8, as about 100 kids went on a $100 shopping spree at the superstore. Ryan Hutton | The Eagle Tribune RYAN HUTTON/Staff photo Volunteer Diae Carroll hands Laishalee Ortiz, 8, a Barbie hair-stylist set at the Plaistow Walmart as part of a program with the Haverhill YMCA where about 100 kids went on a $100 shopping spree. Ryan Hutton | The Eagle Tribune RYAN HUTTON/ Staff photo Ellie Cosme, 10, gets a price-check on the game "Pie Face" at the Plaistow Walmart with the help of volunteer Heidi Caisse. Ryan Hutton | The Eagle Tribune RYAN HUTTON/Staff photo Erica Daigle helps Ara Jimenez, 8, and her brother Elijah, 5, look for toys at the Plaistow Walmart as part of a program with the Haverhill YMCA where about 100 kids got to go on a $100 shopping spree. Dunkin' Donuts chain owners give 100 kids holiday shopping spree By Mike LaBella | Community News Content Dec 23, 2016 Ryan Hutton | The Eagle Tribune RYAN HUTTON/ Staff photo Santa Claus waves to a bus-load of kids from the Haverhill YMCA as they pull up to the Plaistow Walmart as part of a program with the YMCA where about 100 kids got to go on a $100 shopping spree. Ryan Hutton | The Eagle Tribune RYAN HUTTON/Staff photo Makenna Murphy, 8, and her friend Macaydence Clement, 6, check out toys from the latest Disney movie at the Plaistow Walmart. Ryan Hutton | The Eagle Tribune RYAN HUTTON/ Staff photo Volunteer Heidi Caisse shops at the Plaistow Walmart with Ellie Cosme, 10, and her brother Gabriel, 8, as about 100 kids went on a $100 shopping spree at the superstore. Ryan Hutton | The Eagle Tribune RYAN HUTTON/Staff photo Volunteer Diae Carroll hands Laishalee Ortiz, 8, a Barbie hair-stylist set at the Plaistow Walmart as part of a program with the Haverhill YMCA where about 100 kids went on a $100 shopping spree. Ryan Hutton | The Eagle Tribune RYAN HUTTON/ Staff photo Ellie Cosme, 10, gets a price-check on the game "Pie Face" at the Plaistow Walmart with the help of volunteer Heidi Caisse. Ryan Hutton | The Eagle Tribune RYAN HUTTON/Staff photo Erica Daigle helps Ara Jimenez, 8, and her brother Elijah, 5, look for toys at the Plaistow Walmart as part of a program with the Haverhill YMCA where about 100 kids got to go on a $100 shopping spree. HAVERHILL, Mass. — Christmas came early for the one hundred children attending the after-school care program at the YMCA in Haverhill, a small Massachusetts city close to the New Hampshire border. The Cafua Family Charitable Foundation, part of the largest privately owned Dunkin’ Donuts franchisee in the U.S., helped spread holiday cheer by presenting each child with $100 Walmart gift cards. "This is really exciting," said Rylee Spear, 9. "When my mother takes me here I see all the toys and I wish I could get one, but she usually tells me we are just there to get soap or something like that." Company owners, brothers Mark, David and Gregory Cafua told children they could buy whatever they wanted for themselves or anyone on their lists, at a Walmart in Plaistow, New Hampshire, where a special shopping night had been arranged on Monday.  Mark Cafua said he and his brothers were particularly touched after learning about some of the children. "We have six children from one family who recently lost their father," he said. About 70 or so Cafua employees along with YMCA staff waited with shopping carts decorated with green and red helium balloons, and along with Santa Claus, welcomed the children as they disembarked two school buses.  From 4 to 6 p.m., each child was paired with a Cafua Management Company employee, with CEO Mark Cafua leading the charge and YMCA regional Executive Director Tracy Fuller and YMCA of the North Shore CEO Chris Lovasco joining in to lend a hand. "In my 20 years working for the nonprofit YMCA, this is one of the coolest ways to give back to the community," Lovasco said. Shopping carts rapidly filled with toys, such as Pokemon characters and Num Noms Art Cart playsets, which Ariela Jimenez, 8, picked out for herself.  "I'm also shopping for my mom and dad," Ariela said. Isaac Acevedo, 9, studied the image on a box of Lego pieces before his attention was drawn to Star Wars toys. "I like this," Isaac said about a foot-tall Darth Vader action figure he picked out.  Their adult shopping guides kept track of how much they had left on their gift cards. "I'm looking for fashion boots," Angela Tejada told her guide. Caleb Carroll, 7, selected a Five Night's at Freddy's plush cupcake along with two Yo-kai watches and accessories. "I never had $100 before," Caleb said. "I almost couldn't sleep last night thinking about coming here." While the other little shoppers were wandering from aisle to aisle, Isabella Lombard, 6, was trying out a bicycle with training wheels. "My bike is rusty and doesn't work very well," said Isabella, who noted that she was also in need of a bicycle helmet. Jyzaiah Ferreira, 12, reached for an XBox Live gift card for himself, then asked his adult shopping guide how much he would have left as he wanted to buy Christmas presents for his mother, father and younger brother. "This has never happened to me before," Jyzaiah said. "I was going to use my birthday money to buy presents, but now I can keep saving it." Samantha Ehlers, 7, asked her shopping guide if she had enough left to donate $35 to a charity, after picking out a Disney Lion Guard Training Lair Playset, some Squinkies Do Drops characters and a Little Live Pets Tweet Talking Bird for herself, in addition to a Dinosaur Train character she planned to donate to the Toys for Tots program. "I want to donate to a charity, but I'm not sure which one," Samantha said. Some children wandered into the footwear and clothing departments, such as Ellie Cosme, 10, who was busy picking out a set of pajamas and slippers for herself while her younger brother Gabriel had just about finished filling a shared shopping cart with toys. "I was good all year and at my parent teacher conference, my mom said she was very proud of me," Ellie said before turning her attention to gifts she planned to get for her parents. Mark Cafua said his company operates about 300 Dunkin' Donut franchise locations throughout New England and Florida. "The goal of our 100 for 100 program is to spread joy, especially to the youngest members of our communities, during this most special time of year," said Mark Cafua. "We truly value our partnership with the YMCA of the North Shore, as it has provided us with the opportunity to not only reach those most in need of Christmas cheer, but also to engage our employees in meaningful programs within their own communities." Cafua said that he and his brothers have hosted similar shopping sprees for deserving children in other states where they operate, but this was the first time for Haverhill.  He said his company partnered with the Plaistow Walmart as it was a good fit for the children, who had expressed interest in not only toys, but in clothing and household items many of them planned to give as gifts on Christmas. "The holidays are especially important as we explore additional ways to help those in need,” Fuller said. “We are so grateful for Cafua Management and this wonderful 100 for 100 event. We appreciate their incredible support of so many of our programs, including camp, road races, and our financial assistance program. Their generosity is a true testament to their commitment to joining us in strengthening the communities we serve.”  Leading up to the event, the children created wish lists during their Y after school program. Fuller said Walmart management was helpful in assisting the Y and Cafua teams to ensure a smooth and fun experience for everyone involved. LaBella writes for the North Andover, Massachusetts Eagle Tribune. Tags Mark Cafua Commerce Economics Company Shopping Christmas Cheer David Gregory Cafua Samantha Ehlers We have recently upgraded our commenting system. If you wish to comment please login using your social ID or create a new account. ADVERTISERS Featured Homes of the Week Trading Places in New Hampshire Text Alerts Sign Up Get text messages on your mobile phone with news, weather and more from The Eagle-Tribune.Sign up Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Methuen Police search for 14-year-old  Update: Haverhill police arrest man accused of home invasion Methuen police seize 15 kilos of fentanyl Boy hit by car on Water Street in Haverhill Suspects in home invasion held without bail Kingston woman charged with selling fatal dose of fentanyl Bail for suspect in fentanyl trafficking set at $2 million Report describes effort to rescue baby exposed to fentanyl Haverhill couple charged with trafficking cocaine Haverhill owner hopes stolen car will be found Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Twitter Tweets by eagletrib Connect with Us Latest Video MORE VIDEOS Buy our photos To view or purchase photos, visit photos.northofboston.com. Sections News Sports Community Opinion Obituaries Photos Public Notices Video Gallery Weather Services About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Submission Forms Advertiser Index Contact Information eagletribune.com 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA 01845 Phone: 978-946-2000 Email: news@eagletribune.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017 Eagle-Tribune, 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Everence Capital Management Inc. Has $3,858,000 Position in J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) FARO Technologies, Inc. (FARO) Stake Increased by Piermont Capital Management Inc. Northpointe Capital LLC Raises Stake in LSI Industries Inc. (LYTS) Culp, Inc. (CFI) Position Raised by James Investment Research Inc. DST Systems, Inc. (DST) Position Increased by Piermont Capital Management Inc. Redwood Trust, Inc. (RWT) Stake Boosted by Prudential Financial Inc. Insider Selling: Level 3 Communications, Inc. (LVLT) Insider Sells 312 Shares of Stock Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH Buys New Stake in Allergan PLC. (AGN) Convergence Investment Partners LLC Lowers Position in Southwest Gas Corporation (SWX) Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Shares Bought by Profund Advisors LLC Insider Selling: Cadiz, Inc. (CDZI) CFO Sells 32,000 Shares of Stock Richard K. Vitelle Sells 10,100 Shares of CalAmp Corp. (CAMP) Stock Insider Selling: Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Director Sells 6,500 Shares of Stock Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH Maintains Stake in Equity Residential (EQR) Thomas Story & Son LLC Maintains Position in Cognex Corporation (CGNX) People s United Financial Inc. Has $4,438,000 Position in Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) International Paper Company (IP) Shares Bought by Brookstone Capital Management IPG Photonics Corporation (IPGP) Shares Sold by Trillium Asset Management LLC INC Research Holdings, Inc. (INCR) CEO Sells $774,499.60 in Stock Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Shares Sold by Trillium Asset Management LLC Parsons Capital Management Inc. RI Reduces Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) December 23rd, 2016 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Parsons Capital Management Inc. RI decreased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by 0.1% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 19,279 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 22 shares during the period. Parsons Capital Management Inc. RI’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $1,390,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Piershale Financial Group Inc. boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.3% in the third quarter. Piershale Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,612 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $116,000 after buying an additional 5 shares in the last quarter. Gemmer Asset Management LLC boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.4% in the second quarter. Gemmer Asset Management LLC now owns 2,902 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $212,000 after buying an additional 11 shares in the last quarter. WealthTrust Arizona LLC boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.5% in the third quarter. WealthTrust Arizona LLC now owns 2,549 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $184,000 after buying an additional 13 shares in the last quarter. Wellington Shields & Co. LLC boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.4% in the third quarter. Wellington Shields & Co. LLC now owns 3,646 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $263,000 after buying an additional 15 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Blue Bell Private Wealth Management LLC boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.6% in the third quarter. Blue Bell Private Wealth Management LLC now owns 2,576 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $186,000 after buying an additional 16 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 28.80% of the company’s stock. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) traded down 0.07% during trading on Friday, hitting $69.54. The stock had a trading volume of 4,803,947 shares. The stock has a market cap of $213.71 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.08 and a beta of 0.11. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has a 12 month low of $60.20 and a 12 month high of $75.19. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $70.62 and its 200 day moving average price is $71.48. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.02. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The firm earned $118.20 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $118.69 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $1.03 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up .5% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2016/12/23/parsons-capital-management-inc-ri-reduces-stake-in-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. Several equities analysts have recently weighed in on WMT shares. Robert W. Baird set a $80.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, November 19th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, September 9th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 6th. Instinet reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a $81.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Tuesday. Finally, Vetr upgraded shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $73.70 price objective on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, September 7th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have given a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $75.06. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, November 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total value of $5,185,352.04. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. 51.55% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes Democrats Promise to Undermine Certain Cabinet Confirmations Sanctions Leveled by the U.S. Against Russia for Hacking Inauguration Planners Bracing for Large Numbers of Protesters © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2016. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Internet Black Lives Matter Amazon Biggest US police union urges Amazon to remove 'offensive' Black Lives Matter shirt This week, Walmart decided to pull the shirt from sales online after the police union termed it 'offensive.' By Hyacinth Mascarenhas December 24, 2016 05:51 GMT The Fraternal Order of Police have called on Amazon to pull a Black Lives Matter T-shirt from sale on its siteReuters/Mike Segar The Fraternal Order of Police (FOP) have called on Amazon to pull a shirt from a third-party sale online that reads "Bulletproof: Black Lives Matter." On Thursday (22 December), Walmart decided to remove the shirt from the online sale after the biggest police union in the US said it was "offensive". In an open letter to Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos dated Wednesday, FOP president Chuck Canterbury urged the online marketplace executive to remove the "offensive" shirts and sweatshirts that carry the slogans 'Bulletproof,' 'Black Lives Matter' and the "urban myth" of 'Hands Up, Don't Shoot'. "I believe you share the FOP's goal of increasing the bonds of trust between the men and women of law enforcement and the communities they serve," Canterbury wrote. "I wanted to let you know that my members are very upset that you and Amazon are complicit in the sale of this offensive merchandise. "I understand the that these are third party sales, but Amazon does have the ability to prohibit the sale of products which are offensive to the public and which may damage your company's good name amongst FOP members and other active and retired law enforcement officers." At the time of publication, the T-shirts and hoodies were still available for sale via Amazon.com. Canterbury also criticised third-party sellers for making money by "exploiting the racial divisions in our country — divisions that the FOP is working hard to heal at the local, state and national level." "Commercializing our differences and perpetuating the myths which harm the relationship between the protectors and their communities is wrong at any time of the year, but it is especially egregious now", he wrote. "This should be a time for joy and no family who has lost a son or daughter, whether in the line of duty or in a tragic event, should have their pain turned into someone else's profit." FOP's executive director James Pasco told CNN that "the bulletproof thing goes to the new assertiveness of some violence prone individuals to take action directly against police. We find it offensive for that reason". Speaking to the Guardian, Canterbury said the FOP will continue to press retailers to pull such merchandise from their stores "until Black Lines Matter makes statements that they do not approve of violence". Walmart said in a statement on Tuesday that it decided to pull the "bulletproof" merchandise from online sale after "hearing concerns from customers". However, it noted that, like other online retailers, it will continue selling items offered by third parties that include slogans such as Blue Lives Matter, Black Lives Matter and All Lives Matter. Old Glory Merchandise, the third-party vendor selling the "bulletproof" shirts, has also decided to remove the shirt from its own site as well. "It wasn't a big seller," Old Glory owner Glenn Morelli told CNN. "The Blue Lives Matter sells more than the Black Lives Matter or bulletproof shirts combined. "We don't like to offend anybody. When you sell that many, you have to sell all different kinds of shirts. It's hard to make everybody happy." More from IBTimes UK: New York firefighter 'set fire to own home in attempt to frame Black Lives Matter' US Justice Department to collect data on police 'use of force' following high-profile shootings How US police used Facebook, Twitter and Instagram to spy on 'activists of colour' Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Samsung QLED TV series unveiled at CES 2017 Columnists Ella Whelan “The Women's March on Washington is a pointless protest for middle-class feminists READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... UK video game deals: The Last Guardian, Dishonored 2, Call of Duty, Xbox One bundle and more Your round-up of the week's best gaming deals and discounts. Is this 'leaked' Samsung Galaxy S8 photo actually a fake? Concept renders shared on Weibo are the work of a graphic artist. QLED vs OLED: What's the difference? A brief guide to the latest TV tech OLED and QLED may be similar in principal, but are in fact completely... D-Link routers and IoT cameras could give hackers easy access to 'live video and audio' FTC said D-Link failed to live up to its advertising which promised... Dakar Rally 2017: Spectacular photos of the world's most gruelling motorsport event Photographers are following the action, taking spectacular photos in... Apple's first retail store in South Korea will open in Samsung's back garden Cupertino giant brings iPhones, MacBooks and more to 'Samsung City'. CES 2017: Dell launches XPS 13 convertible model, Dell Canvas, 8K monitor, Latitude 7285 and more The company has also updated the XPS 15 with improved performance. Former Snapchat employee accuses company of inflating growth figures ahead of IPO Snap Inc rejects the claims and says the lawsuit is entirely without... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article Apple's App Store Earned $8.6 Billion Last Year New Year's was its busiest single day ever Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article 30 Legitimate Ways to Make Some Quick Cash This Year Get some extra cash in your wallet My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Home > Stock Market News Today's Stock Market News & Analysis The Market's Shift in Focus Makes A Correction Look Likely By Martin Tillier Traders and investors have shifted their gaze from the future to the current state of the market. Apple's App Store Sales Exploded in 2016 By Richard Saintvilus Consumers spent major cash on the App Store in 2016, boding well for this year. What to Watch When Netflix Reports Earnings By Motley Fool The fourth quarter tends to be an important one for Netflix. Can 2017 Be a Year of Nasdaq ETFs? By Zacks.com A look at which ETFs are poised to capitalize this year. Latest News Videos Stocks to buy near Dow 20K: 4 trade... Pipeline Debt Rolls On for Canada E... Pipeline Debt Rolls On for Canada E... Will Connected Health Save the Heal... Latest News Will Comcast Dethrone Walt Disney as Box Office King in 2017? 01/06/2017 8:00 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks How to Sign Up for a TradeStation Online Brokerage Account: A Step-by-Step Guide 01/06/2017 7:21 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks A New Year, Possible New Directions For The Energy Recap 01/06/2017 7:09 PM - SeekingAlpha Appears In: Stocks 2 Numbers PayPal Investors Should Watch 01/06/2017 7:07 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks How Much Social Security Tax Do I Pay? 01/06/2017 7:04 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks Momenta (MNTA) to Receive $50M Under CSL Collaboration 01/06/2017 6:44 PM - Zacks.com Appears In: Stocks Why Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Sears Holdings, and Shake Shack Slumped Today 01/06/2017 6:41 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks Why Microchip Is a Better Semiconductor Stock than Monolithic 01/06/2017 6:40 PM - Zacks.com Appears In: Stocks Will AMD's Vega Pose a Threat to NVIDIA's GPU Dominance? 01/06/2017 6:37 PM - Zacks.com Appears In: Stocks Why Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Shares Shot 17% Higher Today 01/06/2017 6:27 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks Highlights From CES 2017: Driverless Cars, ESports, and IoT Connectivity 01/06/2017 6:11 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks Why Pacira Pharmaceuticals, W&T Offshore, and Helen of Troy Jumped Today 01/06/2017 6:08 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks Strong December Pushes Ford Motor Co. to a Record Year in China 01/06/2017 6:08 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks What Drove SeaWorld Entertainment, Inc. Stock Higher in December 01/06/2017 6:01 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks Getting a Handle on Dow ETFs as DJIA Eyes 20,000 01/06/2017 5:50 PM - Tom Lydon Appears In: ETFs This Week in Solar 01/06/2017 5:42 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks AIG Unit Receives Moody's Rating Action Following Spin-Off 01/06/2017 5:41 PM - Zacks.com Appears In: Stocks US IPO Weekly Recap: 2017 kicks off with a $1 billion IPO filing 01/06/2017 5:21 PM - Renaissance Capital Appears In: IPOs Highlights From the Exclusive Motley Fool ONE Event in Boston 01/06/2017 5:17 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks Vale's (VALE) Stock Looks Promising on Growth Initiatives 01/06/2017 5:11 PM - Zacks.com Appears In: Stocks View More Headlines Browse News by Category ETFs Getting a Handle on Dow ETFs as DJIA Eyes 20,000 Schwab OneSource: Most Extensive Line of Commission-Free ETFs Emerging Bond ETFs Could Offer Opportunities in New Year More ETFs Technology Apple's App Store Sales Exploded in 2016 Blockchain For Beginners Apple, Alphabet, Amazon, Microsoft: Who Takes the Crown in 2017? More Technology Commodities Bullish Two Hundred Day Moving Average Cross - CMS Technology Sector Update for 01/06/2017: NXPI,SIMO,COYN Consumer Sector Update for 01/06/2017: FRSH,GPS,RT More Commodities Investing ideas Depomed Breaks Below 200-Day Moving Average - Notable for DEPO Churchill Downs is Now Oversold (CHDN) How Have Equity Underwriting Deals Closed By European Investment... More Investing ideas Today's Market Activity NASDAQ 5521.06 33.12  ▲  0.60% DJIA 19963.80 64.51  ▲  0.32% S&P 500 2276.98 7.98  ▲  0.35% Data as of Jan 6, 2017 Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform View All Market Intelligence Stay ahead of the markets with these must-read articles Amazon Just Showed All The Tech Giants The Right Way To Build A TV Chris Ciaccia Blockchain Promises Accountants, Auditors and Their Clients Better Data Sooner And Cheaper Bitcoin Magazine What Is The Cloud And How Are Companies Making Money With It? Prableen Bajpai Compare Rates Mortgages Autos CDs Loan Type Rate Change APR 30 yr fixed mtg 3.99% ▼ 4.10% 15 yr fixed mtg 3.16% ▼ 3.35% 30 yr FHA mtg 3.67% ▼ 3.74% 5/1 ARM 3.29% ▼ 6.07% View rates in your area   Search   Overnight Avg Rate Latest Change 48 month new car loan 2.98% ▼ 36 month new car loan 2.81% ▼ 60 month new car loan 3.03% ▼ 36 month used car loan 3.21% ▼ 72 month new car loan 3.33% - View rates in your area   Search   Overnight Avg Rate Latest Change APY 3 month CD 0.39% - 6 month CD 0.77% ▲ 1 yr CD 1.18% ▲ 5 yr CD 1.80% ▲ 1 yr jumbo CD 0.94% ▲ View more rates   Search   Rate Data Provided by Bankrate.com Latest Articles by Martin Tillier Martin Tiller's new must-read column on the markets Enlightening. Entertaining. Every day. Only at NASDAQ.com. The Market's Shift in Focus Makes A Correction Look Likely 01/06/2017 9:24 AM Two Cyber Security Stock Picks For 2017 01/05/2017 10:23 AM Experience Suggests a Good Q4 for Apple (AAPL) 01/04/2017 10:08 AM New Year's Resolutions for Investors 01/03/2017 11:32 AM Investing Themes For 2017 12/21/2016 8:23 AM More Martin Tillier NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX We have a favor to ask Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us. CLOSEX
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Home Blogs & Comment There are big opportunities in the new age of corporate social responsibility There are big opportunities in the new age of corporate social responsibility Overwhelmed consumers are looking to outsource their consciences to the companies they buy from. But it requires a deeper kind of trust Dec 12, 2016 Bruce Philp   1 (Chris Hondros/Getty) I’ve never really been a fan of Walmart. I lack the direct experience with the world’s largest retailer to fairly say I don’t like it, but still—a company that has both a taste for hegemony and a reputation (fair or not) for driving profit out of supply chains is something any marketer should be wary of. Walmart is big enough to make the rules for a lot of us. We can admire that, but it’s an uncomfortable feeling (or should be). Even those consumers trundling home in their bargain-stuffed minivans must know, on some level, that all those saved pennies might come at a cost, though Walmart’s results suggest such worries aren’t keeping them up at night. Canada's Best Brands 2017: The Top 25 But the midnight oil has been burning in Walmart’s hometown of Bentonville, Ark., or so it seemed in November, when the company’s CEO, Doug McMillon, announced a startlingly ambitious “road map that will guide the company’s role in society.” With the scope and reach of a political platform, the company publicly declared goals for itself on practically every major social issue it touches, from local sourcing and carbon emissions to ethical recruiting and the treatment of workers in its suppliers’ factories. The social good of all this work justifies itself, if the company pulls it off. But for marketers, this was the money line: Walmart wants to succeed “not just by delivering affordable goods…but [also] with trust-building transparency and actions.” Note the absence of the standard “giving back” rhetoric. This is about being competitive. When a company so dominant draws such a crucial connection between trust and viability, the rest of us ought to pay attention. Much of marketing in recent years has been conducted behind the convenient assumption that the consumer was self-interested, ruthlessly pragmatic and empowered by technology. We imagined that as long as we gave people the best product and the best deal, and were the cleverest about getting our message to them, the marketplace would be its own conscience. But when a company like Walmart takes a public stance this big, you have to believe that assumption, if it were ever true, isn’t anymore. For marketers, the key to making any sense of this lies in understanding what the word “trust” really means today. The way it’s generally employed in social and political discourse, you’d be forgiven for thinking trust is all about credibility and honesty; there’s no question those things ought to be table stakes for doing business, now or ever. But increasingly, trust is providing consumers a functional benefit that we’ve never seen before: It allows people to use brands as surrogates for their own values. Now, trusting a company doesn’t just mean you believe it will never lie to you; it also means you think it believes what you believe and will do what you would do if you could. Forget followers: not every company needs to be on social media We should have seen this coming. Pundits have asserted for years that consumers are becoming ever more moralistic in their attitudes toward the things they buy. Though it’s still rarely in evidence at the cash register, most consumers today at least claim to want their purchase decisions to be principled—to not just get the most for their money but to do the least harm to themselves and the world in the process. The problem is that desire has translated into an almost unbearable chore in their already complicated, information-saturated lives, and nobody tolerates cognitive dissonance for long. So, in the brilliant way free markets have of dealing with these things, shoppers are simply uploading their consciences to the companies they buy from. Consumers themselves will vigorously deny such foolishness, of course, but don’t believe it. After all, they’ve always insisted advertising doesn’t work, either. Promising to do the worrying on your customers’ behalf might just become a new competitive edge, and Walmart thinks being an aggressive early adopter will extend its retail dominance. That means principles are no longer fripperies that only organic granola or natural shampoo companies bother with. It might even mean that, at last, doing good really is the way to do well. Four ways CEOs can win back the public's trust MORE ABOUT CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY & MARKETING: Canada’s Best Brands 2017: The Top 25 Marketers need to understand that not all millennials are created equal Forget followers: not every company needs to be on social media How small businesses can do branding like the big guys The Fort McMurray fires brought out the best in corporate Canada Four ways CEOs can win back the public’s trust Sometimes, good deeds are great business Jane Goodall on how to get people to hear your message Four ways to make corporate social responsibility more effective Like Us Follow @cdnbiz Subscribe with Texture shares Share: Facebook Email Twitter LinkedIn Advertisement Advertisement    Show comments Hide comments (1) One comment on “There are big opportunities in the new age of corporate social responsibility” Hello, admin, how are you? I work for Model Citizen App, we based in Australia. We recognize amateur and professional fashion talents, brands and creatives. We would like to invite anyone who needs exposure in the industry to be published in our Magazine, app and blog. You will have your own domain name. Hope you approve this message admin and have a wonderful and blessed day. http://www.modelcitizenapp.com/yourfolios Reply ↓ Tommie Allbee on January 2, 2017 at 1:05 am Leave a comment Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Name * Email * Top Follow us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Softball Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Is Walmart open today? On Christmas Eve? Christmas Day? What are holiday hours for Walmart? WalMart in under 3 minutes Print Email Paul Milo | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By Paul Milo | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com The Star-Ledger Email the author on December 24, 2016 at 6:11 AM, updated December 24, 2016 at 6:12 AM comments Is Walmart open today? What are the hours over the Christmas weekend? Those are simple questions with not-so-simple answers because Walmart, the world's largest retailer, has made some changes to its Christmas hours.  First, if you need help finding the Walmart nearest you, use the Walmart store locator. As for the 2016 holiday hours at Walmart: Christmas Eve, Saturday, Dec. 24: Unlike past years, Walmart will close at the same time -- 6 p.m. -- as many other large retailers. Judith McKenna, Walmart's chief operating officer in the U.S. explained the change away from 8 p.m. --  a two-hour earlier closing -- was important so employees can get home to spend time with their families ahead of the holiday. Christmas Day, Sunday, Dec. 25: Walmart stores are closed one day every year -- and that's Christmas Day, so walmart.com is the best we can offer. If you need a fix, there are sure to be plenty of sales and specials online. Day After Christmas, Monday, Dec. 26 (federal holiday): Monday is a federal holiday, meaning local, state and federal government offices, post offices, schools and most banks will be closed. What's does the mean for most of you? A lot of people with a lot of time to go bargain hunting. So most Walmart stores will be open for business bright and early, at 7 a.m. As with past years, you can expect the usual mind-boggling deals on seasonal and holiday supplies, cards and those ugly sweaters. Electronics tend to be another area where there are deals to be had at Walmart -- especially for all you shoppers with a little extra Christmas cash burning a red-hot hole in your pockets. Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries N.J. News In Your Inbox From local news to politics to entertainment and sports, the twice daily Right Now eNewsletter has all of the New Jersey news you need! Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Get Healthy: Health & Fitness Info for N.J. Flu slams parts of New Jersey 7 N.J. hospitals cited as tops in the nation for safe, quality care Why STDs are up in N.J., a ranking of all 21 counties MORE HEALTH & FITNESS NEWS » Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Computers Big Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Discounts This Christmas By Shruthi PK Posted on December 24, 2016 Big Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Discounts This Christmas Share Tweet Share Share Email The Microsoft Surface Pro 4 is spotted with a discount on multiple sites. This Christmas offer on the Microsoft Surface Pro 4 is attracting more and more customers. Now, Microsoft Surface Pro fans can buy the Surface Pro 4 i5 256GB/8GB version for $1,199 from the Microsoft Store. It means a $229 less than the original price tag. A black type cover bundle is free with the Surface Pro 4. The Microsoft Surface Pro 4 i5 256GB variant has a 12.3-inch PixelSense touch screen display, TPM chip for enterprise security, full-size USB 3.0, microSD card reader, headset jack, mini DisplayPort and cover port. Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Microsoft is also giving out a Surface Pen along with the Surface Pro 4. ?Easily organize your ideas with Surface Pen and Windows Ink. Now you can quickly turn your thoughts into action in Windows Ink workspace. You?re just a click away from the best inking features on your Surface, like sticky notes, a blank page for sketching, or a quick screenshot you can mark-up and share,? according to Microsoft?s official description of the Surface Pen. Read Also: Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Update, Specs: Surface Pro 5 to Come with 512GB Storage Walmart?s Exclusive Deals on Surface Pro 4 Walmart is also having an exciting discount sale. It is selling the Surface Pro 4 and the Surface 3 with a price cut of $280 and $931, respectively. Now, the Surface Pro 4 with an Intel Core i5 processor, 4GB of RAM, 128GB of native storage and Windows 10 Pro on board is available for only $749. The same device had the price tag of $999 previously. The Surface Pro 4 with the same Intel Core i5 processor and Windows 10 Pro OS, 8GB of RAM and 256GB of internal storage space has the price tag of $1,019.95 at Walmart, according to Tech Times. Read Also: Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Release in January or February? Amazon is selling the Microsoft Surface Pro 4 256GB, 8GB RAM, Intel Core i5 version for $1,007. Only a limited number of units are available. The buyer will also get a free delivery. Read Also: Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Release Soon As Surface Pro 4 Receives Massive Discounts In ?12 Days Of Deals Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Release In the year 2017, Microsoft is likely to release its much awaited Microsoft Surface Pro 5. There will be three variants of the device. The first variant of the Microsoft Surface Pro 5 lineup will have a price tag of $899. So far, Microsoft has not released any details about the Surface Pro 5. Keep visiting TheBitBag for more updates. Related Items:Microsoft Surface Pro 4, Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Deals, microsoft surface pro 4 features, Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Sales Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Launch Is Near As The Current Models Spotted With Discount Apple MacBook Pro 2016 Review: Laptop Causing Disappointments To Owners? Many Shift To Microsoft? Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Launch Is Near As Surface Pro 4 Spotted With Discounts About the author Shruthi PK Passionate about films, the first day first show!!! She loves keeping herself updated with Hollywood. iPhone and MacBook are her best buddies. She also analyses the gadgets of all top brands! Post navigation Samsung To Invest Heavily On Galaxy S8 Features To Overcome Note 7 Controversy Samsung Galaxy S8 Features May Include Apple Airpods-Like Wireless Earbuds IconX Featured Gravity Rush 2 Powers: Kat Throwing Water Bubbles Excites Fans League Of Legends Warwick Rework: Singed Turns Champion Into Fantasy Wolverine Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS WWE 2K17 Future Stars Pack DLC: New Moves We Can Expect It’s been said many times: the WWE 2K17 Future Stars Pack is highly anticipated... Gears Of War 4 Update: Quitting Penalties, Bans, And More Coming In ‘Season 2’ Recently, the next Gears of War 4 update was confirmed on its official forums.... Final Fantasy 15 DLC: Episode Prompto Play Area Possibly The Whole Niflheim Map In Final Fantasy 15, each of Noctis’ friends has a DLC that focuses more... Mass Effect Andromeda Combat Mechanics: Everything We Know So Far Bioware’s Mass Effect Andromeda is shaping to be one of the most anticipated titles... Mass Effect Andromeda CES 2017 Gameplay Trailer Worries Fans Mass Effect Andromeda just debuted a new gameplay trailer during the Consumer Electronics Show... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft google Samsung Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky PC iOS Editors Pick EA mobile gaming facebook playstation 4 pokemon sun and moon fallout 4 featured Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones games Blizzard NBA 2k17 snskid NBA Trade Rumors PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright ? 2016 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts USA Financial Portformulas Corp Has $3,905,000 Position in Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Stake Boosted by State of Tennessee Treasury Department Bokf Na Has $3,917,000 Stake in Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Northpointe Capital LLC Increases Stake in Old Republic International Corporation (ORI) Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (FOX) is University of Notre Dame DU Lac’s 6th Largest Position Prudential Financial Inc. Cuts Stake in Delek US Holdings, Inc. (DK) NutriSystem Inc (NTRI) Position Raised by James Investment Research Inc. Silver Wheaton Corp (SLW) Shares Sold by James Investment Research Inc. American States Water Company (AWR) Director Lloyd E. Ross Sells 1,100 Shares K. Phil Yoo Sells 2,000 Shares of Antero Resources Corporation (AR) Stock Century Bancorp, Inc. (CNBKA) Major Shareholder James J. Filler Buys 806 Shares Loeb Partners Corp Lowers Stake in Time Warner Inc. (TWX) Bokf Na Buys 301 Shares of Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX) Shares Bought by Bokf Na Laurion Capital Management LP Has $4,407,000 Stake in Calpine Corporation (CPN) Convergence Investment Partners LLC Acquires 53,294 Shares of Morgan Stanley (MS) Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (EGRX) Trading Down 8.6% on Insider Selling Jack In The Box Inc. (JACK) Director David Goebel Sells 1,376 Shares Cardtronics PLC (CATM) CEO Steven A. Rathgaber Sells 6,000 Shares 50,000 Shares in Workday, Inc. (WDAY) Acquired by Espalier Global Management LLC Pzena Investment Management LLC Cuts Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) Posted by William Strong on Dec 24th, 2016 // No Comments Tweet Pzena Investment Management LLC cut its stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by 2.8% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm owned 5,216,832 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 152,082 shares during the period. Wal-Mart Stores makes up about 2.3% of Pzena Investment Management LLC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 10th largest position. Pzena Investment Management LLC’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $376,238,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in WMT. Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 4.9% in the second quarter. Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt now owns 228,066 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $16,653,000 after buying an additional 10,700 shares during the last quarter. Cape Cod Five Cents Savings Bank boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 10.4% in the second quarter. Cape Cod Five Cents Savings Bank now owns 3,975 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $291,000 after buying an additional 375 shares during the last quarter. Visionary Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 5.6% in the second quarter. Visionary Asset Management Inc. now owns 38,029 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $2,780,000 after buying an additional 2,030 shares during the last quarter. Davis R M Inc. acquired a new position in Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter valued at about $207,000. Finally, Lodestar Investment Counsel LLC IL boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 3.4% in the second quarter. Lodestar Investment Counsel LLC IL now owns 118,383 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $8,644,000 after buying an additional 3,877 shares during the last quarter. 28.80% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) opened at 69.54 on Friday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $70.62 and its 200-day moving average price is $71.48. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has a one year low of $60.20 and a one year high of $75.19. The firm has a market cap of $213.71 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.08 and a beta of 0.11. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.96 by $0.02. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The firm earned $118.20 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $118.69 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $1.03 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up .5% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was originally reported by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2016/12/24/pzena-investment-management-llc-cuts-stake-in-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. Several research analysts have recently issued reports on the company. Vetr cut Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $70.46 price target for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, September 6th. Credit Suisse Group AG began coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, September 16th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $80.00 target price for the company. Buckingham Research set a $70.00 target price on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, September 28th. Barclays PLC raised Wal-Mart Stores from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and raised their target price for the company from $70.00 to $87.00 in a research note on Thursday, September 22nd. Finally, Citigroup Inc. reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Monday, October 3rd. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have assigned a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $75.09. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total value of $5,185,352.04. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 51.55% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Worthington Industries Inc. (WOR) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Next » Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Accenture PLC Increased by Wedbush (ACN) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Share 36 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-06 ‘Yuri On Ice’ Story Isn’t Ripped-Off For ‘Love On Ice’? Hallmark Channel Responds To Plagiarism Claims By Fans Of Yuri And Victor’s Story Entertainment 2017-01-06 George R. R. Martin Still Silent About ‘The Winds Of Winter,’ 2017 Release Date Might Happen Entertainment 2017-01-05 Inauguration Day 2017 Entertainment Update: Trump Struggles To Get Performers While Obama’s Farewell Party Is Already Filled To The Brim Entertainment 2017-01-05 Winning Floats From 2017 Rose Parade News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-06 President Obama Is Building A Wall Around His New Home Opinion 2017-01-06 Hillary Clinton Should Think Twice About ‘Running’ For Mayor Of New York: Just Ask Rahm Emanuel Opinion 2017-01-06 Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy Opinion 2017-01-06 A Mom Sent Another Mom A Bill For $400 After Her Daughter’s Shoes Got Scuffed Up On Playdate Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-06 Top 4 Roman Reigns Match Ideas For WWE WrestleMania 33 Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Big Update On Shelton Benjamin’s WWE Return, Veteran Says He Won’t Be At ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: NJPW Star Kenny Omega Says He Is Stepping Away From Japan, Possible WWE Jump Upcoming? Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Goldberg To Wrestle At ‘Fastlane’ In Marquee Match Set Up On ‘RAW’ Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-06 New Ebola Vaccine Can’t Be Used For Prevention, World Health Organization Warns Health 2017-01-06 Coca-Cola Sued For Marketing Deception, What Are The Long Term Health Effects Of Sugary Drinks? Health 2017-01-05 Mysterious Marijuana Illness Spikes In Legalized States Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-06 Nintendo Classic Mini Edition Jail Hacked Via Softmod Like Wii? Apparently Twice As Many NES Console Games Technology 2017-01-06 As iPhone Sales Decline, So Too Does Apple’s Employees’ Pay Gaming 2017-01-06 Steam Compatible Controllers Expanding: Soon PC Gamers Can Use Console Input Devices With All Games Gaming 2017-01-06 The ‘Shenmue 3’ Release Date Is Happening, But An HD Remaster? ‘Shenmue HD’ Domain Grabbed By Sega Europe BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-06 ‘Black Twitter’ Roasts ‘Yahoo Finance’ For N-Word Twitter Typo: ‘Trump Wants A Much N***** Navy’ Screenshot Trends BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Golden Globe Awards 2017: Who Will Win And Where To Watch? BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Zombie Outbreak Would Kill Nearly All Humanity In 100 Days, UK Scientists Claim BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Trump’s New Hair Photo: Combed-Back Hairstyle In Instagram Pic Makes Trump Look ‘Presidential’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Christmas Eve Hours For Walmart, Target, Kohl’s, Best Buy And Other Stores Open Late Shopping 36 0 0 December 24, 2016 Christmas Eve Hours For Walmart, Target, Kohl’s, Best Buy And Other Stores Open Late Zachary Volkert The time has come to hunt down the stores with Christmas Eve hours open late enough for you to get those last minute ingredients and gifts, even as your options have grown relatively thin as December 24 (and 25) have inched closer. Thankfully, the traditions of American consumerism and procrastination will be held high this year, as usual, for a large number of chain retailers, including Walmart, Target, Best Buy and Kohl’s — all of which will remain open until at least 6 p.m. on Christmas Eve, though none of which will be open on December 25 itself. Kohl’s will be polishing off a 107-hour 24/7 marathon that kicked off on Tuesday, something that was par for the course for many Walmart stores until 2015 — when the massive retailer began shuttering down its “always open” status to just a few select cities. Since then, the world’s largest department store has slimmed down its holiday schedule. It now powers down the registers hours before its main competitors Target and Kmart. Walmart has actually dialed back on their Christmas Eve hours this year, perhaps in line with the company’s other strategy of eliminating many of their 24/7 services year round. [Image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images] Walmart Chief Coordinating Officer Judith McKenna released a video statement saying that the company’s famous “roll back” was hitting its hours of service out of respect for its employees. “Our associates work hard all year to make this holiday season special for our customers, and we appreciate what they do every day. We also know that getting home on Christmas Eve to spend time with families is important. That’s why this year we’ll be closing at 6 p.m. on Christmas Eve.” Still, if you’re not a fan of any of these major stores, there will be plenty of smaller chains open on Christmas Eve. Trader Joe’s, Publix and Wegmans — the current top 3 rated grocery stores in the nation — will be open until at least 6 p.m. as well. Christmas Eve Store Hours Albertsons – 9 p.m. Aldi – 4 p.m. Apple Store – 6 p.m. Barnes and Noble – 6 p.m. Bed, Bath & Beyond – 6 p.m. Best Buy – 6 p.m. Big Lots – 10 p.m. Costco – 5 p.m. Dollar Tree – 7 p.m. Dillard’s – 6 p.m. Giant-Landover – 7 p.m. Giant-Carlisle – 6 p.m. H-E-B – 8 p.m. Kmart – 10 p.m. Kohl’s – 6 p.m. Lowe’s – 6 p.m. Macy’s – 6 p.m. Meijer – 7 p.m. Old Navy – 7 p.m. Publix – 7 p.m. REI – 9 p.m. Rite-Aid – 7 p.m. Safeway – 8 p.m. Target – 10 p.m. Toys R Us – 9 p.m. Trader Joe’s – 6 p.m. Walmart – 6 p.m. Wegmans – 6 p.m. Whole Foods – 8 p.m. Don’t want to spend your Christmas Eve hours in Walmart? Trader Joe’s, Publix, Wegmans and dozens of other grocery stores should also be open late — or at least until dinner time — depending on your zip code. [Image via Michael Nagle/Getty Images] It’s also important to note that Christmas Eve does fall on a Saturday this year. While the majority of retailers will be open, places like your local post office are worth giving call to make sure that they will still be making themselves available for your needs. Christmas Eve hours remain a source of contention year after year as consumers demand more time to get their holiday shopping done and employees fight to get time at home with their families. Some stores even brave the bad PR to open on Christmas Day itself, among them Starbucks, as well as a host of major pharmacies like CVS, Rite Aid and Walgreen’s. For groceries, Safeway and Albertsons will have a few locations open across the country. Inquisitr also, of course, strongly recommends calling your location to assure that Christmas Eve hours are the same for the stores open late in your area, though you are pretty safe with major nationwide spots like Walmart, Target, Kohl’s and Best Buy. [Featured Image by Joe Raedle/Getty Images] Now Read This: South Carolina State Troopers Will No Longer Give A Book Containing Bible Verses To Grieving Families Because An Atheist Complained Share 36 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Zachary Volkert Tags: best buy, christmas eve, Christmas Eve hours, Kohl's July 31, 2016 Pokemon Go: Olympic Athletes, Fans Urge Nintendo To Release App In Brazil For Summer Games July 31, 2016 The Rolling Stones Cuban Concert Film ‘Havana Moon’ Gets September Release View full timeline 40 mins ago Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy 2 days ago Police: Ohio Man Squirted Semen On Women At Walmart Comments LATEST HEADLINES Top 4 Roman Reigns Match Ideas For WWE WrestleMania 33 President Obama Is Building A Wall Around His New Home Hillary Clinton Should Think Twice About ‘Running’ For Mayor Of New York: Just Ask Rahm Emanuel Ciara Drops $15 Million Defamation Lawsuit Against Future Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy Seattle Mariners Trades: New Starting Pitcher, Outfielder Acquired By Jerry Dipoto Chicago Race Torture Victim Says Attacker Jordan Hill ‘Was My Friend’ Before Facebook Live Assault Kendall Jenner Opens Up About Anxiety After Kim Kardashian’s Robbery Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly Talks About Russian Interference A Mom Sent Another Mom A Bill For $400 After Her Daughter’s Shoes Got Scuffed Up On Playdate Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Oliver Stone Accuses Mainstream Media Of Reporting Fake News About Russia 7.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 51.5k 0 0 George Lopez Turns Down Trump Inauguration Invite, Calls Him ‘Tiny Hands’ In Mean-Spirited Jab 6k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 63 0 0 Group Of Four Teenagers Kidnap And Torture Special Needs Child In Chicago, Post Live Video On Facebook [Graphic Footage] 12 0 0 WWE News: Jimmy Snuka Cleared Of All Murder Charges 2.8k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Skip to content Publications Itawamba Times MS Business Journal Oxford Citizen Monroe Journal Pontotoc Progress Southern Sentinel Chickasaw Journal New Albany Gazette Southern Advocate E-editions Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Bridal View Announcements Submit an Announcement Daily Journal About Us Contact Us RC VOTE Business Directory Buy Photos Advertise News Northeast Mississippi winter weather updates, closings VIDEO: Newsbreak, Jan. 6, 2017 St. Luke, Joyner team up to improve reading More In News Northeast Mississippi winter weather updates, closings VIDEO: Newsbreak, Jan. 6, 2017 St. Luke, Joyner team up to improve reading Details still pending on MAEP rewrite Arkansas retailer wins market buyer award View all posts in News Sports View all posts in Sports College Mississippi State Ole Miss Others More In Sports Community College High School Outdoors Professional Okorie dokey: Bulldogs pick up SEC road win Featured Post office: Local quartet delivers in the paint BY GENE PHELPS DAILY JOURNAL Four of the state’s better girls high school post players make a living in Northeast Mississippi. Belmont coach Chris... Business Arkansas retailer wins market buyer award More than furniture: Gifts and accessories are playing a bigger role at market Tupelo sticks with Waste Management for two more years More In Business Arkansas retailer wins market buyer award More than furniture: Gifts and accessories are playing a bigger role at market Tupelo sticks with Waste Management for two more years Winter market returns: Expectations raised for 60th Tupelo Furniture Market DENNIS SEID: New year brings new ideas, hope View all posts in Business Lifestyle Resolution rescue: Build better habits for 2017 by building smart goals Willis earns national nursing honor MORA unveils clinical addition in Flowood More In Lifestyle Resolution rescue: Build better habits for 2017 by building smart goals Willis earns national nursing honor MORA unveils clinical addition in Flowood Rehab Institute seeks equipment for donation Health lines: Vascular surgeons treat Peripheral Artery Disease View all posts in Lifestyle Opinion OUR OPINION: Valuable teaching program receives extension W. DEREK RUSSELL: When the internet betrays you ERROL CASTENS: How to treat a grieving person (a starter) More In Opinion OUR OPINION: Valuable teaching program receives extension W. DEREK RUSSELL: When the internet betrays you ERROL CASTENS: How to treat a grieving person (a starter) LETTER TO THE EDITOR: No one should be punished for standing up for the truth OUR OPINION: New jail discussions need backing of research soon View all posts in Opinion Records Obituaries View latest Obituaries View archived Obituaries Blogs Biz Buzz Sears in Tupelo survives latest round of closings Inside MSU Sports Inside MSU Sports is moving Inside Ole Miss Sports Alabama 48, Ole Miss 43: Freeze likes the effort, not the mistakes Mighty Daily Journal An antidote to this age of distraction Education Matters Tupelo School Board 06.09.15 Subscriptions Begin a Subscription Print and Digital Options Request Two-week Free Trial Other Weekly Newspapers Q&A About Our Paid Content Manage Your Subscription Renew Your Subscription Request Temporary Stop Report Delivery Error Rate Your Delivery Service Videos VIDEO: Newsbreak, Jan. 6, 2017 VIDEO: Newsbreak, Jan. 5, 2017 Bulldogs face first SEC road test at Arkansas VIDEO: Newsbreak, Jan. 4, 2017 VIDEO: Rick Murphy on The Memo podcast VIDEO: Newsbreak, Jan. 3, 2017 Podcasts The Memo Double Coverage Prep Rally News » Year in review 2016: Hancock liquidation top business story of the year Year in review 2016: Hancock liquidation top business story of the year Posted on December 24, 2016 by Dennis Seid in Business, News Adam Robison | Buy at photos.djournal.com Hancock Fabrics, which was founded in Tupelo in 1957, filed for Chapter 11 for the second time in February. In March, it announced it would liquidate its remaining assets. By July 31, its remaining stores had closed. By Dennis Seid Daily Journal TUPELO – The biggest business story of 2016 was the unfortunate demise of one of its oldest companies. After nearly 60 years in business, Hancock Fabrics was forced to liquidate. On Feb. 2, the company filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. It was the company’s second time in less than a decade to file for Chapter 11. After filing in 2007, it emerged a year later. The company haD been unable to sustain any kind of profitability, however, having only been in the black once, in fiscal year 2009. In its Feb. 2 filing, the company had said it would close 70 of its 260 remaining stores, but by March it had moved to liquidate after unsuccessful efforts to find a bidder for its remaining assets that was willing to keep the business going. Thomas Wells | Buy at photos.djournal.com Hancock Fabrics’ flagship store in Tupelo was among the first 70 stores that closed in the company’s February Chapter 11 filing. In late March, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Delaware approved the sale of the stores to Great American Group, which had offered about $65 million for the company’s assets. The remaining 185 stores of Hancock Fabrics were closed by July 31, bringing an end to the fabrics and crafts retailer that was founded in Tupelo in 1957. Prior to its Chapter 11 filing in February, Hancock employed about 4,500 people at its stores. In August, retailer Michaels received approval for its purchase of Hancock Fabrics’ intellectual property assets for $1.325 million. IP assets include anything of value including the name, brands, trademarks, domain names and patents. It also includes customer information. Michaels, based in Irving, Texas, operates nearly 1,300 stores as of January 2015. It owns the Hancock Fabrics website, which, while currently inactive, says “Coming Soon … our new online store is under construction and will launch soon.” Meanwhile, a handful of executives continue to wind down the operations of Hancock, which earlier this month filed a joint Chapter 11 Plan of Liquidation and Disclosure Statement. According to the statement, holders of administrative and other priority claims, as well as holders of priority tax claims will be paid full in cash. Other secured creditors will receive cash, collateral and/or combinations thereof. Holders of interests and securities subordinated claims will receive nothing. Other notable business stories in Northeast Mississippi during 2016: JANUARY • Kroger completed a multi-million-dollar renovation of its store on West Main Street. The remodeling began on the 64,000-square-foot store in June. Kroger bought the store for an undisclosed sum in 2001 from Albertson’s, which opened the store in April 2000. It reopened as a Kroger in February 2002. Some minor revisions have been done, but this was the first major renovation. A construction permit filed with the city’s Development Services valued the work at more than $2.4 million. • BancorpSouth said in an SEC filing it would pay $24 million to settle a lawsuit related to how it determines overdraft fees on debit card and ATM transactions. The lawsuit, filed in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Florida in May 2010 by an Arkansas customer of the bank, challenged the way BancorpSouth posted the order of debit card and ATM transitions. The suit said that BancorpSouth posted the transactions from higher amounts to lower amounts, rather than chronological order. BancorpSouth said it viewed the settlement as a compromise and a way to avoid additional legal expenses. It also said the settlement is “not in any way an admission of liability, fault or wrongdoing by the bank.” Settlement checks were issued in October. • Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said it would close 269 stores in the U.S. and globally. That included the closing of 102 smaller-format Walmart Express locations. The company’s Walmart Express stores in Belmont, Derma, Mantachie, Nettleton and Walnut were closed by the end of the month. FEBRUARY • Pontotoc-based upholstered living room furniture manufacturer Delta Furniture Manufacturing announced it was expanding into New Houlka in Chickasaw County and adding 100 jobs. The company moved into the former Astrolounger facility that covers 80,000 square feet. • Corinthian Furniture said it was consolidating its operations, moving all production to its Corinth plant. The move meant the closing of its Booneville plant, which it opened in 2002. Many of the 164 workers in Booneville were offered jobs in Corinth. MARCH • The Tupelo area was named the No. 4 most active micropolitan for new and existing industries for 2015 by Site Selection magazine. The award was the seventh time in 10 years Tupelo was listed. The U.S. Census Bureau lists 575 micropolitans – an urban area with a population of at least 10,000 but less than 50,000 – in the country. In 2015, Tupelo and Lee County announced 13 new or expanding industries, leading to 1,355 potential jobs, $42 million in capital investment and $40 million in payroll. That’s the best showing since 2007. • Comfort Revolution, which makes high-end sleep products for companies like Sealy, said it would add 50 jobs and invest $1.5 million by expanding operations at its location in Belmont. Comfort Revolution moved into the former Schnadig plant in Belmont and began production in mid-2013. The facility covers 432,000 square feet and is also a distribution center for the company. APRIL • After more than a five-month hiatus, commercial air service returned to Tupelo, as Contour Airlines began service between the All-America City and Nashville. The nine-passenger, twin-engine Jetstream 31 planes used by Contour are converted 19-seat aircraft, giving passengers plenty of room to stretch. Contour is being paid a subsidy of more than $4.2 million a year for two years through the Federal Essential Air Service program. Contour schedules 30-round-trip flights weekly between Tupelo and Nashville. Through the end of November, Contour recorded 5,254 boardings, the most since 2013. • Renasant Corp. completed its acquisition of Georgia-based KeyWorth Bank for $59 million in stock. The merger bulks up the presence of Renasant in Atlanta’s northern suburbs, adding six locations. Renasant has been gobbling up other banks, acquiring seven in the last 11 years. It was Renasant’s second acquisition in the Peach State within a year. Last July, Renasant completed a merger with Heritage Financial Group of Albany, Georgia, in a merger valued at more than $250 million. That transaction brought in 36 locations in Alabama, Georgia and Florida. • An economic downturn in mining equipment and heavy machinery equipment overall led to the loss of 240 jobs in Oxford. Caterpillar said it would shut down five facilities, including the one located in Oxford’s Max Hipp Industrial Park. About 820 jobs across two divisions and five states are affected. MAY • Officials from Insitu, Mississippi State University and Mississippi Development Authority participated in a ceremonial lease signing to mark the opening of Insitu’s new facility at MSU in Starkville. The partnership between the company and the Federal Aviation Administration’s Center of Excellence for Unmanned Aircraft Systems at MSU will create 25 jobs. At MSU, Insitu will support a combination of engineering, software development and business development/customer service support functions. • Babcock & Wilcox, a staple in West Point since 1952 and once one of the city’s largest employers, ended production at its plant. About 165 production workers were affected by the move, which was initially discussed last fall. About 30 sales jobs remain for sales and service. Production of boilers and other and related products were shifted to Monterrey, Mexico. • Officials from industrial general contractor BMSI Inc. announced the company was adding 100 jobs and investing $6 million in new manufacturing operations in Burnsville. BMSI will locate in an existing 20,000-square-foot spec building at Yellow Creek Port South, with plans to expand it to 30,000 square feet. The Burnsville facility will feature a state-of-the-art fabrication shop used to manufacture specialty products for the Department of Defense and commercial restaurant equipment. BMSI will also offer plant support for maintenance, structural welding/fabrication and process piping. JUNE • The Department of Justice and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau fined Tupelo-based BancorpSouth $10.6 million, alleging the bank deliberately discriminated against minorities in its lending practices. Justice and CFPB said BancorpSouth deliberately avoided building branches in minority neighborhoods in Memphis, Tennessee from at least 2011 to 2013. The bank also denied loans to African Americans and other minorities when compared to neighborhoods with smaller minority populations, the Justice Department and CFPB said, and those minorities who were given loans were given higher interest rates when compared to non-minorities. In a statement, BancorpSouth said the bank had already addressed the discriminatory practices and recently hired an executive to do outreach in minority and other neighborhoods. A new director of community lending was hired, and a chief fair lending officer was named to oversee its fair lending program. JULY • AIA Countertops, a division of Patrick Industries, began hiring 60 workers for its new plant in the Harry A. Martin North Lee Industrial Complex in Baldwyn. The company, whose business is primarily related to the RV industry, is investing $600,000 in a 110,000-square-foot building that was previously occupied by Fairfield Distribution. • Leggett & Platt, a manufacturer of products for a diverse group of industries including furniture, announced it was expanding operations in Tupelo by investing $967,000 and creating 25 new jobs. The Carthage, Missouri-based company employs more than 600 in the area. In addition to a number of Tupelo facilities, including Super Sagless and Leggett & Platt plants, L&P has operations in Houston (Houston Foam) and Saltillo (Omega Motion). L&G’s expansion is tied to its new venture in which it will manufacture and distribute products for the mattress industry. AUGUST • The first Walmart Neighborhood Market opened in Northeast Mississippi, on South Gloster Street in Tupelo. The smaller-format store is about a quarter of the size of a traditional Walmart Supercenter. Open 24 hours, the Neighborhood Market employs about 95 full- and part-time employees. Among them are 27 workers who lost their jobs earlier this year when the even-smaller Walmart Express stores were closed in Belmont, Derma, Mantachie, Nettleton and Walnut. • Skyline Steel said it was expanding operations in Iuka, investing $15 million and creating 15 new jobs. Skyline Steel’s Iuka location currently manufactures large diameter spiral-welded pipe for foundations, bridges, wharves, piers and more. The expansion involves the addition of new equipment, enabling the company to produce straight-seam electric resistance welded pipe for the same purposes. • Upholstered furniture manufacturer Southern Motion announced it was investing $20 million and adding 600 jobs over the next five years at its newest facility in Baldwyn. The Pontotoc-based company, which already employs 1,200 at its main campus in Pontotoc and another 250 at a separate Baldwyn site, said it would be putting in 12 production lines in its latest addition. Southern Motion purchased the former distribution center, warehouse and headquarters for Hancock Fabrics. The furniture manufacturer offered $9.3 million for the property, which includes about 64.5 acres of land; a 650,000 square-foot warehouse and distribution facility; a 28,000 square-foot manufacturing facility and an 80,000-square-foot headquarters building. Southern Motion is looking to sell or lease the headquarters building. SEPTEMBER • Some former Walmart Express/Neighborhood Market stores bought by Dollar General reopened. The new Dollar General stores in Belmont, Mantachie and Nettleton were among those that opened. Dollar General bought 41 of the former Walmart Express stores in 11 states for an undisclosed sum in July. Included in the purchase were five locations in Miss-issippi: Belmont, Derma, Mantachie, Nettleton and Sardis. Dollar General did not buy the location in Walnut but it does have a store there. The expanded format Dollar General stores offer fresh meat, produce and fuel. The new stores are approximately 12,000 square feet, compared to a traditional Dollar General format that is approximately 9,100 square feet. The new stores each employ about 15 employees. The former Walmart Express in Derma/Calhoun City also opened later in the fall as a Dollar General • Vanelli’s Bistro opened after more than 28 months after the original Vanelli’s closed following the April 2014 tornado. After months of renovation, the restaurant reopened with limited hours and a scaled-down menu. There are plans to expand both as business grows, owner Voz Vanelli said. • BancorpSouth said its proposed mergers with Central Community Corp. and Ouachuita Bancshares Corp. were back on the table, with their merger agreements having been extended until Dec. 31 of next year. In August, BancorpSouth said it was tabling the mergers due to a key downgrade from a federal agency. BancorpSouth announced in January 2014 its intent to acquire Central Community Corp. of Temple, Texas and Ouachita Bancshares Corp. of West Monroe, Louisiana. The merger agreements were valued at a combined $325 million in stock and cash at the time. The mergers have been unanimously approved by the boards of directors of all three companies, and by the shareholders of Central Community Corp. and Ouachita Bancshares Corp. The mergers must still meet regulatory approvals and other closing conditions. OCTOBER • Coca-Cola Tupelo celebrated its 100th anniversary. Coca-Cola was created in 1886, but it took 30 years before Tupelo could lay claim to its own iconic bottling operation, where the public could see the dark, fizzy soda filling glass bottles that sold for a nickel. A century ago, Tupelo Coca-Cola sold 12,000 cases in and around Lee County. This year, it expects to sell some 1.5 million cases. The company, which employs 65 people, distributes about 450 different flavors of soda, waters, teas, iced-coffees and other beverages. • Toyota Mississippi quietly reached a significant landmark: five years of production. There was no big celebration to mark the occasion, however. That will come next year, when Toyota recognizes the 10-year anniversary of its initial announcement that Blue Springs would be the site of its eighth North American manufacturing plant. NOVEMBER • Five months after a fire in June destroyed its production facility in Tupelo in June, Custom Engineered Wheels announced it had found a new home in Baldwyn. In an investment valued at $13 million, the company also will add 20 jobs. The Indiana-based company, which supplies wheels to lawn equipment manufacturer MTD in Verona, had worked out of a 36,000-square-foot building on North Eason Boulevard since 2000 until the fire. Now it will call home a 192,000-square-foot facility once owned by furniture manufacturer Southern Motion, which bought the former Hancock Fabrics facility in the Harry A. Martin North Lee Industrial Park. DECEMBER • After settling differences with Hancock Fabrics over the takeover of its pension plan, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation is assuming responsibility for paying those pension benefits of nearly 4,200 people covered by the Hancock pension plan. Currently, about 2,400 people are receiving benefits from Hancock, and they will get a payment from PBGC for December and January on or about Jan. 2. The agency noted that Hancock Fabrics paid benefits at the end of the month, while PBGC pays at the beginning of the month. This is why retirees are getting back-to-back payments. Going forward, retirees can expect their pension benefits from PBGC at the beginning of the month. Hancock’s pension plan covers 4,149 people, including 2,286 retirees. • After opening its first office in downtown Tupelo last year, BankPlus said plans to add two more offices in 2017. Site work has started on the bank’s second branch at the corner of West Main Street and Cliff Gookin Boulevard. The glass-and-stone building will cover 2,700 square feet and will be open by next summer. In addition, BankPlus is building a third location that will open in the Tupelo Crossroads retail development at the corner of North Gloster Street and West Barnes Crossing Road. It should open in the fourth quarter of next year. BankPlus also is looking to build a larger downtown location. For now, the office on Broadway Street, which opened in 2015, will serve as its downtown location. Click here to leave a comment! Click video to hear audio Post navigation ← DAVE RAMSEY: If you don’t have the money, you can’t afford it Highway patrol faces trooper shortage → Pingback: FAA Daily.com » Year in review 2016: Hancock liquidation top business story of the year() Subscribe to our daily newsletter for the latest news and updates Browse by Date: Select month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 September 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 April 2000 March 2000 February 2000 January 2000 December 1999 November 1999 October 1999 September 1999 August 1999 July 1999 June 1999 May 1999 April 1999 March 1999 February 1999 January 1999 December 1998 November 1998 October 1998 September 1998 August 1998 July 1998 June 1998 May 1998 April 1998 March 1998 February 1998 January 1998 December 1997 November 1997 October 1997 September 1997 August 1997 July 1997 June 1997 May 1997 April 1997 March 1997 February 1997 January 1997 December 1996 November 1996 October 1996 September 1996 August 1996 July 1996 June 1996 May 1996 April 1996 March 1996 February 1996 January 1996 Newsmax Polls Do you think more students should be exposed to careers in education to help develop them into teachers? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Top Posts & Pages Daily Journal Northeast Mississippi winter weather updates, closings UPDATE: Two children killed in Wednesday night wreck Many voucher recipients return to public schools Beef roast recipe puts Ripley woman in national spotlight Pontotoc's Carter graduates early for juco ranks THS band marching closer to goal Body found in Dumas identified Post office: Local quartet delivers in the paint Okorie dokey: Bulldogs pick up SEC road win Quick Links Sitemap Advertise Subscriptions Obituaries Contests Place a Classifieds Ad Community Bridal Church Directories Blogs Classifieds Buy Photos NE MS Jobs About About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Conversation Guidelines Terms of Service Contact Us Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal 1242 South Green Street Tupelo, MS 38804 (662) 842-2611 info@journalinc.com Copyright © 2016 Journal, Inc. | Director, Architect, Programming: Chris Elkins | Marketing, SEO: Ashley Elkins, Thrive Digital Marketing
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts USA Financial Portformulas Corp Has $3,905,000 Position in Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Stake Boosted by State of Tennessee Treasury Department Bokf Na Has $3,917,000 Stake in Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Northpointe Capital LLC Increases Stake in Old Republic International Corporation (ORI) Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (FOX) is University of Notre Dame DU Lac’s 6th Largest Position Prudential Financial Inc. Cuts Stake in Delek US Holdings, Inc. (DK) NutriSystem Inc (NTRI) Position Raised by James Investment Research Inc. Silver Wheaton Corp (SLW) Shares Sold by James Investment Research Inc. American States Water Company (AWR) Director Lloyd E. Ross Sells 1,100 Shares K. Phil Yoo Sells 2,000 Shares of Antero Resources Corporation (AR) Stock Century Bancorp, Inc. (CNBKA) Major Shareholder James J. Filler Buys 806 Shares Loeb Partners Corp Lowers Stake in Time Warner Inc. (TWX) Bokf Na Buys 301 Shares of Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX) Shares Bought by Bokf Na Laurion Capital Management LP Has $4,407,000 Stake in Calpine Corporation (CPN) Convergence Investment Partners LLC Acquires 53,294 Shares of Morgan Stanley (MS) Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (EGRX) Trading Down 8.6% on Insider Selling Jack In The Box Inc. (JACK) Director David Goebel Sells 1,376 Shares Cardtronics PLC (CATM) CEO Steven A. Rathgaber Sells 6,000 Shares 50,000 Shares in Workday, Inc. (WDAY) Acquired by Espalier Global Management LLC Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) Shares Sold by Westchester Capital Management Inc. Posted by William Strong on Dec 24th, 2016 // No Comments Tweet Westchester Capital Management Inc. decreased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by 6.9% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 98,275 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 7,250 shares during the period. Wal-Mart Stores comprises approximately 3.4% of Westchester Capital Management Inc.’s portfolio, making the stock its 16th largest position. Westchester Capital Management Inc.’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $7,088,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Piershale Financial Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.3% in the third quarter. Piershale Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,612 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 5 shares during the last quarter. Gemmer Asset Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.4% in the second quarter. Gemmer Asset Management LLC now owns 2,902 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $212,000 after buying an additional 11 shares during the last quarter. WealthTrust Arizona LLC boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.5% in the third quarter. WealthTrust Arizona LLC now owns 2,549 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $184,000 after buying an additional 13 shares during the last quarter. Wellington Shields & Co. LLC boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.4% in the third quarter. Wellington Shields & Co. LLC now owns 3,646 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $263,000 after buying an additional 15 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Blue Bell Private Wealth Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.6% in the third quarter. Blue Bell Private Wealth Management LLC now owns 2,576 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $186,000 after buying an additional 16 shares during the last quarter. 28.80% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) traded down 0.07% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $69.54. 4,803,947 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $213.71 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.08 and a beta of 0.11. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has a 52-week low of $60.20 and a 52-week high of $75.19. The company has a 50-day moving average of $70.62 and a 200-day moving average of $71.48. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.02. The company earned $118.20 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $118.69 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up .5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $1.03 earnings per share. Equities research analysts anticipate that Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: “Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) Shares Sold by Westchester Capital Management Inc.” was originally posted by Web Breaking News and is the propert of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2016/12/24/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-shares-sold-by-westchester-capital-management-inc.html. A number of equities analysts have issued reports on WMT shares. Vetr cut shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $70.46 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Tuesday, September 6th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Friday, September 9th. Cowen and Company upgraded shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and increased their target price for the stock from $76.00 to $83.00 in a report on Monday, September 12th. Jefferies Group set a $86.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, September 12th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG started coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Friday, September 16th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $80.00 target price on the stock. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have issued a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company. Wal-Mart Stores currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $75.09. In other news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total value of $5,185,352.04. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. 51.55% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Bank of Montreal Can Has $9,682,000 Position in Brunswick Corp. (BC) Next » Bbva Compass Bancshares Inc. Buys 12,051 Shares of Comcast Corp. (CMCSA) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
null
Share 14 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-06 ‘Yuri On Ice’ Story Isn’t Ripped-Off For ‘Love On Ice’? Hallmark Channel Responds To Plagiarism Claims By Fans Of Yuri And Victor’s Story Entertainment 2017-01-06 George R. R. Martin Still Silent About ‘The Winds Of Winter,’ 2017 Release Date Might Happen Entertainment 2017-01-05 Inauguration Day 2017 Entertainment Update: Trump Struggles To Get Performers While Obama’s Farewell Party Is Already Filled To The Brim Entertainment 2017-01-05 Winning Floats From 2017 Rose Parade News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2017-01-06 Dell XPS-13 2-In-1 Can’t Compete With Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Or MacBook Pro News 2017-01-06 President Obama Is Building A Wall Around His New Home Opinion 2017-01-06 Hillary Clinton Should Think Twice About ‘Running’ For Mayor Of New York: Just Ask Rahm Emanuel Opinion 2017-01-06 Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-06 Top 4 Roman Reigns Match Ideas For WWE ‘WrestleMania 33’ Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Big Update On Shelton Benjamin’s WWE Return, Veteran Says He Won’t Be At ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: NJPW Star Kenny Omega Says He Is Stepping Away From Japan, Possible WWE Jump Upcoming? Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Goldberg To Wrestle At ‘Fastlane’ In Marquee Match Set Up On ‘RAW’ Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-06 New Ebola Vaccine Can’t Be Used For Prevention, World Health Organization Warns Health 2017-01-06 Coca-Cola Sued For Marketing Deception, What Are The Long Term Health Effects Of Sugary Drinks? Health 2017-01-05 Mysterious Marijuana Illness Spikes In Legalized States Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-06 Nintendo Classic Mini Edition Jail Hacked Via Softmod Like Wii? Apparently Twice As Many NES Console Games Technology 2017-01-06 As iPhone Sales Decline, So Too Does Apple’s Employees’ Pay Gaming 2017-01-06 Steam Compatible Controllers Expanding: Soon PC Gamers Can Use Console Input Devices With All Games Gaming 2017-01-06 The ‘Shenmue 3’ Release Date Is Happening, But An HD Remaster? ‘Shenmue HD’ Domain Grabbed By Sega Europe BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-06 ‘Black Twitter’ Roasts ‘Yahoo Finance’ For N-Word Twitter Typo: ‘Trump Wants A Much N***** Navy’ Screenshot Trends BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Golden Globe Awards 2017: Who Will Win And Where To Watch? BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Zombie Outbreak Would Kill Nearly All Humanity In 100 Days, UK Scientists Claim BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Trump’s New Hair Photo: Combed-Back Hairstyle In Instagram Pic Makes Trump Look ‘Presidential’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Walmart After-Christmas Sale 2016: Store Offering Deep Price Cuts On Electronics, Kitchen Items The Week After Christmas Shopping 14 0 0 December 24, 2016 Walmart After-Christmas Sale 2016: Store Offering Deep Price Cuts On Electronics, Kitchen Items The Week After Christmas Nathan Francis Walmart won’t be missing a beat this holiday season, offering some big after-Christmas 2016 sales on things like electronics and toys to attract shoppers looking to cash in their gift cards. With the holiday shopping season creeping earlier and earlier into the calendar, shoppers are understandably fatigued by the time Christmas finally arrives. But retailers are trying to counter that by offering more and more attractive after-Christmas sales, and in 2016 Walmart is one of the ones leading the way. As the retail site BFreedom noted, Walmart’s after-Christmas sale for 2016 offers a mix of electronics and gift items like books and DVDs, along with the holiday decor they’re trying to move off the shelves as quickly as possible. “HDTVs, laptops, tablets, cameras, and video game consoles will be among the biggest sellers (and discounters) at the Walmart 2017 After Christmas sale. You can also find great deals on Christmas decorations and decor, kitchen items, toys, clothes, books, DVDs, and a whole lot more. The end of year sale at Walmart is designed to get rid of as much inventory as possible, which is great for shoppers. You can already see After Christmas 2017 deals at Walmart.com, and there will be even more added each day until New Years.” Shopping experts offer some tips for after-Christmas sales, including which items offer the best deals and which to avoid. Melissa Martin of BlackFriday.com told SILive.com that retailers will be eager to clear the shelves of old clothes styles, so shoppers can expect big discounts there. Toys and electronics that didn’t end up selling well with Christmas shoppers will also be on sale, and DealNews.com noted that cameras have some of the best deals after Christmas. There are some other areas to avoid for after-Christmas 2016 sales. The National Retail Federation warned that flat-screen televisions will actually see deeper price cuts around the end of January, just in time for people looking to upgrade for the Super Bowl. And luxury brands generally don’t have many great deals after Christmas. Walmart discounts thousands of items as part of its clearance sale. You can get the Ozark Trail 12-oz. Vacuum… https://t.co/4sDpoIglVY — MyDFWMommy (@mydallasmommy) December 24, 2016 Beyond its own after-Christmas 2016 sale, Walmart is also debuting a program aimed at bringing in even more revenue and give shoppers a chance to earn more savings. The retail giant offered a new feature for its existing savings account, the re-loadable MoneyCard offered on sale at Walmart locations. As MarketWatch noted, the program looks to reward customers for filling more money into these cards. Last week, Wal-Mart debuted a new feature for its existing savings accounts: for every dollar consumers save, they will be entered into a sweepstakes for cash prizes. The company hopes that with the promise of a prize, consumers will begin to put more money away instead of spending it. The number of entries is determined by the average amount of money in the account that month. Consumers can win one of 500 cash prizes every month; the grand prize is $1,000, and the other prizes are $25 each, according to Walmart. (The prizes are subject to tax.) While the program to entice people into stocking their money may be a bit different than an after-Christmas sale aimed at getting them to spend money, Walmart has taken a bit more effort into earning goodwill both among shoppers and employees. This year the retailer announced that it would be closing at 6 p.m. on Christmas Eve — two hours earlier than previous years — so employees can spend more time with their families on the holiday. Wal-Mart Stores:A Rare Deal in this Market #stockanalysis #cashflow #investing #retail https://t.co/9nVa3iS8l8 pic.twitter.com/KnuRGPaoGF — JC (@JC_PIP) December 24, 2016 Those looking for more information on Walmart’s after-Christmas sale 2016 can find the store’s Savings Showcase by clicking here. [Featured Image by Gunnar Rathbun/AP Images for Walmart] Now Read This: South Carolina State Troopers Will No Longer Give A Book Containing Bible Verses To Grieving Families Because An Atheist Complained Share 14 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Nathan Francis Tags: after-Christmas sales 2016, walmart, Walmart after-Christmas sale August 23, 2016 Police Fatally Shoot Deaf Man Who Was Trying To Communicate With Sign Language August 23, 2016 McDonald’s Happy Meal Toys Cause Burns And Rashes, Millions Recalled View full timeline 1 hour ago Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy 2 days ago Police: Ohio Man Squirted Semen On Women At Walmart Comments LATEST HEADLINES Dell XPS-13 2-In-1 Can’t Compete With Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Or MacBook Pro ‘Underworld: Blood Wars’ After-Credits Scene: Is There A Scene Hidden At The End Of The Vampire Thriller? Top 4 Roman Reigns Match Ideas For WWE ‘WrestleMania 33’ President Obama Is Building A Wall Around His New Home Hillary Clinton Should Think Twice About ‘Running’ For Mayor Of New York: Just Ask Rahm Emanuel Ciara Drops $15 Million Defamation Lawsuit Against Future Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy Nintendo Classic Mini Edition Jail Hacked Via Softmod Like Wii? Apparently Twice As Many NES Console Games Seattle Mariners Trades: New Starting Pitcher, Outfielder Acquired By Jerry Dipoto Chicago Race Torture Victim Says Attacker Jordan Hill ‘Was My Friend’ Before Facebook Live Assault Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Oliver Stone Accuses Mainstream Media Of Reporting Fake News About Russia 7.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 51.6k 0 0 George Lopez Turns Down Trump Inauguration Invite, Calls Him ‘Tiny Hands’ In Mean-Spirited Jab 6k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 63 0 0 Group Of Four Teenagers Kidnap And Torture Special Needs Child In Chicago, Post Live Video On Facebook [Graphic Footage] 12 0 0 WWE News: Jimmy Snuka Cleared Of All Murder Charges 2.8k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home Shows All Staff Schedule Bernadette Lee Rob Kirkpatrick Brandon Comeaux Ken Romero Dr. John Sutherlin Listen Listen Live Mobile Events Krewe De Bayou – Hollywood Walk Of Fame Mardi Gras Ball Full Calendar Submit an Event News Junkies Sign Up Contests VIP Support Win Stuff Contact Us Help & Contact Info Send Feedback Advertise Experts Acadian Total Security Audio Video Innovators Barczyk Chiropractic Group Brown’s Furniture Showplace Coccolare Spa Eagle Pest Control and Chemical GMFS Mr Electric National Foundation Repair Piggly Wiggly Theriot Family Dental Care Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Follow on Instagram Tip Us Noteworthy: Wingin’ It Wednesday Krewe De Bayou Legal Authority Lafayette Live Gas Prices Crime Mother Arrested For Giving Birth, Abandoning Baby In Wal-Mart By Derek Albert December 24, 2016 4:09 PM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Kyandrea Thomas (Photo Courtesy of KATC).jpg A newborn baby who was born–then abandoned–in a Wal-Mart bathroom is in critical condition, while her mother will be spending time behind bars. Police have arrested a woman who allegedly gave birth in a New Roads Wal-Mart bathroom and abandoning the newborn in a trash can. Our news parters at KATC reported 36-year-old Kyandrea Thomas was arrested around noon today after she was located at Lane Memorial Hospital in Zachary. At approximately 8 p.m. Friday, New Roads police and firefighters responded to the Wal-Mart after an employee, who was taking out the trash, found the abandoned newborn in a plastic bag. Firefighter were able to revive the baby before she was taken to Pointe Coupee General Hospital. Medics then airlifted the baby to Our Lady of the Lake Hospital in stable but, critical condition. Thomas’ criminal rap sheet also includes charges of negligent homicide in connection with the death of three-year-old Damiyn McElveen. Two Arrested For Murder Of Lafayette Pizza Delivery Man Filed Under: abandoned newborn | Kyandrea Thomas | New Roads Police Department Category: Crime | State News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of KPEL 96.5 Winter Weather Arrives In Louisiana, Roads Covered With Ice UPDATE: Family Says Acadiana Man “OK” After Platform Fire In Gulf Of Mexico [PICTURES & VIDEO] Lafayette Area Mardi Gras 2017 Parade Schedule Investigation Launched After Jail Inmate Died In Custody Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the Staff Bernadette Lee Brandon Comeaux Rob Kirkpatrick Moon Griffon Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity Ken Romero Dr. John Sutherlin Steve Peloquin Mark Levin George Noory Kim Komando KPEL 96.5 FM on Facebook Join Now Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more Sign Up Now MOST RECENT STORIES Lafayette Fire Department Mourns Loss Of Firefighter Authorities: Louisiana Teacher, Husband Operated Meth Lab Man Accused Of Dismembering Parents Returning To Tennessee Nutritionist: Avoid Fad Diets When Setting New Year’s Health Resolutions Most Dangerous Vacation Destinations in the World EEO Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Lafayette Business Listings Welcome back to News Junkies It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to News Junkies It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://kpel965.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to News Junkies (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here News Junkies brought to you by: Sign up for News Junkies Register Now Sign up for News Junkies quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! News Junkies brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive News Junkies contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook News Junkies brought to you by: News Talk 96.5 KPEL Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts USA Financial Portformulas Corp Has $3,905,000 Position in Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Stake Boosted by State of Tennessee Treasury Department Bokf Na Has $3,917,000 Stake in Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Northpointe Capital LLC Increases Stake in Old Republic International Corporation (ORI) Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (FOX) is University of Notre Dame DU Lac’s 6th Largest Position Prudential Financial Inc. Cuts Stake in Delek US Holdings, Inc. (DK) NutriSystem Inc (NTRI) Position Raised by James Investment Research Inc. Silver Wheaton Corp (SLW) Shares Sold by James Investment Research Inc. American States Water Company (AWR) Director Lloyd E. Ross Sells 1,100 Shares K. Phil Yoo Sells 2,000 Shares of Antero Resources Corporation (AR) Stock Century Bancorp, Inc. (CNBKA) Major Shareholder James J. Filler Buys 806 Shares Loeb Partners Corp Lowers Stake in Time Warner Inc. (TWX) Bokf Na Buys 301 Shares of Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX) Shares Bought by Bokf Na Laurion Capital Management LP Has $4,407,000 Stake in Calpine Corporation (CPN) Convergence Investment Partners LLC Acquires 53,294 Shares of Morgan Stanley (MS) Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (EGRX) Trading Down 8.6% on Insider Selling Jack In The Box Inc. (JACK) Director David Goebel Sells 1,376 Shares Cardtronics PLC (CATM) CEO Steven A. Rathgaber Sells 6,000 Shares 50,000 Shares in Workday, Inc. (WDAY) Acquired by Espalier Global Management LLC Novare Capital Management LLC Has $370,000 Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) Posted by William Strong on Dec 24th, 2016 // No Comments Tweet Novare Capital Management LLC maintained its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 5,130 shares of the retailer’s stock at the end of the third quarter. Novare Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $370,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Bank of Montreal Can acquired a new position in Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter worth approximately $309,966,000. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 24.3% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 7,418,449 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $541,665,000 after buying an additional 1,449,033 shares in the last quarter. Jennison Associates LLC acquired a new position in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth approximately $90,042,000. Schroder Investment Management Group raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 48.6% in the second quarter. Schroder Investment Management Group now owns 3,530,687 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $257,811,000 after buying an additional 1,154,142 shares in the last quarter. Finally, State of Tennessee Treasury Department raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 106.3% in the second quarter. State of Tennessee Treasury Department now owns 1,776,912 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $129,751,000 after buying an additional 915,662 shares in the last quarter. 28.80% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) traded down 0.07% during trading on Friday, hitting $69.54. The stock had a trading volume of 4,803,947 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $213.71 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.08 and a beta of 0.11. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has a 52 week low of $60.20 and a 52 week high of $75.19. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $70.62 and its 200 day moving average price is $71.48. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.96 by $0.02. The business earned $118.20 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $118.69 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up .5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $1.03 EPS. Analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Novare Capital Management LLC Has $370,000 Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT)” was originally reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2016/12/24/novare-capital-management-llc-has-370000-position-in-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. A number of equities analysts have commented on WMT shares. Guggenheim started coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, September 30th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $82.00 price objective on the stock. Vetr raised Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $75.98 price objective on the stock in a research note on Monday, September 19th. Jefferies Group set a $86.00 price objective on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, September 12th. KeyCorp set a $90.00 target price on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, October 7th. Finally, Robert W. Baird set a $80.00 target price on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, October 7th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have issued a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Wal-Mart Stores has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $75.09. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total transaction of $5,185,352.04. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Company insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Perficient Inc. (PRFT) Position Cut by Arizona State Retirement System Next » Alta Capital Management LLC Maintains Stake in Exxon Mobil Corp. (XOM) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Soccer Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 11° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low 8F. Winds NW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: January 6, 2017 @ 7:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Close 1 of 6 J.B. Forbes Sue Robertson (left) and her niece, Sammy Meilink, from Waterloo, Ill., do some last minute Christmas shopping on Thursday, Dec. 22, 2016, at Kohl's in Gravois Bluffs in Fenton. They had been shopping all day, having started at Chesterfield Mall. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Lance Bohnert, from Ste. Genevieve, does some last minute Christmas shopping on Thursday, Dec. 22, 2016, at Kohl's in Gravois Bluffs in Fenton. Bohnert said he had a few hours, so he drove up from Ste. Genevieve to take care of everyone on his list: his buddy, his girlfriend and others. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Mike Korak and his daughter, Olivia, 10, from High Ridge, do some last minute Christmas shopping on Thursday, Dec. 22, 2016, at Kohl's in Gravois Bluffs in Fenton. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Sammy Meilink (left) and her aunt Sue Robertson, from Waterloo, Ill., do some last minute Christmas shopping on Thursday, Dec. 22, 2016, at Kohl's in Gravois Bluffs in Fenton. They had been shopping all day, having started at Chesterfield Mall. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Christina Morris, from Hillsboro, does some last minute Christmas shopping for her niece on Thursday, Dec. 22, 2016, at Kohl's in Gravois Bluffs in Fenton. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Christina Morris, and her son, Alex Morris, 7, from Hillsboro, do some last minute Christmas shopping for her niece on Thursday, Dec. 22, 2016, at Kohl's in Gravois Bluffs in Fenton. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com St. Louis area shoppers pack stores for last-minute holiday rush By Lisa Brown St. Louis Post-Dispatch Lisa Brown Dec 23, 2016 (…) J.B. Forbes Sue Robertson (left) and her niece, Sammy Meilink, from Waterloo, Ill., do some last minute Christmas shopping on Thursday, Dec. 22, 2016, at Kohl's in Gravois Bluffs in Fenton. They had been shopping all day, having started at Chesterfield Mall. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Lance Bohnert, from Ste. Genevieve, does some last minute Christmas shopping on Thursday, Dec. 22, 2016, at Kohl's in Gravois Bluffs in Fenton. Bohnert said he had a few hours, so he drove up from Ste. Genevieve to take care of everyone on his list: his buddy, his girlfriend and others. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Mike Korak and his daughter, Olivia, 10, from High Ridge, do some last minute Christmas shopping on Thursday, Dec. 22, 2016, at Kohl's in Gravois Bluffs in Fenton. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Sammy Meilink (left) and her aunt Sue Robertson, from Waterloo, Ill., do some last minute Christmas shopping on Thursday, Dec. 22, 2016, at Kohl's in Gravois Bluffs in Fenton. They had been shopping all day, having started at Chesterfield Mall. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Christina Morris, from Hillsboro, does some last minute Christmas shopping for her niece on Thursday, Dec. 22, 2016, at Kohl's in Gravois Bluffs in Fenton. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Christina Morris, and her son, Alex Morris, 7, from Hillsboro, do some last minute Christmas shopping for her niece on Thursday, Dec. 22, 2016, at Kohl's in Gravois Bluffs in Fenton. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Shoppers on the hunt for last-minute gifts are packing St. Louis area stores and malls, but some of them are finding ways to avoid long lines and save time. Taking advantage of a service more retailers are offering this season, customers are ordering merchandise online, then picking it up near store entrances. Tom Brooks, 50, of St. Charles, spent just a few minutes Thursday morning at the Kohl’s in Creve Coeur, gathering the items he’d ordered — and skipping the registers. “I have 95 percent of my shopping done,” he said. “I will finish today. I hope.” Since Tuesday, Kohl’s stores have been open around-the-clock — and they won’t close their doors until 6 p.m. Saturday. That’s 107 hours of uninterrupted selling this week. Amanda Zamarripa, 36, of St. Louis County, also planned to complete her shopping Thursday. “I’ve been shopping since Black Friday but I’m still not done,” she said, adding she’s further along than her husband, who hasn’t started yet. “He’s a true Christmas Eve shopper,” she said. “It’s his tradition.” Other stores are offering extended shopping hours to accommodate last-minute holiday shoppers. Most Macy’s stores are open until 11 p.m. or midnight Friday and from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. on Christmas Eve. Macy’s offers customers the ability to buy online and pick up in store up until noon on Christmas Eve as an added convenience, said Macy’s spokeswoman Andrea Schwartz. “We also hope you stay and buy a little more in the store,” she said. Over the last year, traditional brick-and-mortar retailers made greater investments in their online and mobile offerings to better meet consumer needs and attract spending, said Brian Field, senior director of advisory services at ShopperTrak, a Chicago-based retail analytics firm. “This holiday, a significant number of consumers shopped both online and via their mobile device, and retailers were particularly successful in capturing such sales.” Two of the busiest shopping days this year are expected to be Friday, when procrastinators get in on the act, and Monday, the day after Christmas when people make returns and spend gift cards they received, according to ShopperTrak. Wal-Mart, the nation’s largest retailer, will close its stores at 6 p.m. on Christmas Eve, two hours earlier than last year. Like most retailers, its stores will be closed on Christmas. This year, Wal-Mart offered customers the ability to order merchandise online, including toys and electronics, with a guarantee that the items will be available for pickup in stores anytime before 6 p.m. on Christmas Eve. The retailer also is putting extra effort on restocking its digital and physical aisles to ensure there’s an abundance of last-minute gifts, said Wal-Mart spokeswoman Danit Marquardt. “We know that there are still customers who have shopping to do,” Marquardt said. “We’ve moved up shipments of Barbie, Lego, Pajanimals and My Little Pony toys that typically would have come in January to arrive instead in December.” Most local malls are open extended hours Friday and Saturday to allow procrastinators a chance to complete their shopping. At Chesterfield Mall, shoppers at several stores that are permanently closing soon — the Limited, Pottery Barn and Williams Sonoma — scoured the aisles and racks Thursday for clearance markdowns. At the Limited, which is closing Wednesday, all merchandise was 70 percent off, and even the store mannequins were available for purchase. Zenova Harris and James Williams, students at Northwest Missouri State University, were finishing their holiday shopping at the St. Louis Galleria mall Thursday. The friends waited until they returned home to St. Louis to visit family to shop. “There’s no mall near our school,” Harris said, as they made a pit stop to buy a pretzel at Auntie Anne’s. Who's hired? Check our People in Business See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis How do they stack up? Compare pay of top St. Louis executives “I just finished today,” Williams said of his Christmas list. West County Mall and South County Center will be open from 8 a.m. to 11 p.m. Friday and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturday. St. Clair Square and Mid Rivers Mall open from 8 a.m. to 11 p.m. Friday and 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturday. The St. Louis Galleria is open 9 a.m. to 10 p.m. Friday and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturday. Chesterfield Mall is open Friday from 9 a.m. to 10 p.m. and Saturday from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Also in Chesterfield, both St. Louis Premium Outlets and Taubman Prestige Outlets will be open Friday 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. St. Louis Premium Outlets will be open 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturday, and Taubman will open Saturday, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. “The final shopping week before Christmas is always a busy week,” said Liz Harry, St. Louis Premium Outlet’s director of marketing, adding many of the outlets are offering even deeper discounts than usual. For those who put off a visit to see Santa to the very last minute, there’s still time. At St. Louis Premium Outlets, Santa and Mrs. Claus will be available for photos on Christmas Eve from 1 to 3 p.m. And, shoppers who weren’t able to find one of the most popular toys this season, Hatchimals, can still find the hatching egg toys on store shelves before Christmas, said Toys R Us spokeswoman Jessica Offerjust. Toys R Us stores are opening Friday at 6 a.m. and plan to remain open for 39 hours straight until Saturday at 9 p.m. Other top-selling items this season are Power Wheels Wild Thing ride-on vehicles and the Nintendo NES Classic Edition, she said. “We knew this was going to be one of the hottest toys,” Offerjust said of the Hatchimals, which have prompted some shoppers to wait in lines for hours outside of stores before they open in a quest to find the sought-after items. “We’ll have more after the holidays.” Editor's Note: The Saint Louis Galleria will be open from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. on Christmas Eve. An earlier version of this story listed incorrect operating hours for the mall.  Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Lisa Brown • 314-340-8127 @lisabrownstl on Twitter lbrown@post-dispatch.com Mall Hours St. Clair Square Fri 8-11 Sat 7-6 Mid Rivers Fri 8-11 Sat 7-6 West County Fri 8-11 Sat 8-6 South County Fri 8-11 Sat 8-6 Chesterfield Mall Fri 9-10 Sat 8-6 Plaza Frontenac Fri 10-9 Sat 9-5 Saint Louis Galleria Fri 9-10, Sat 8-6 Alton Square Mall Fri 9-10 Sat 8-6 St. Louis Premium Outlets Fri 9-9 Sat 9-6 Taubman Prestige Outlets Chesterfield Fri. 9-9 Sat 10-6 St. Louis Outlet Mall Hazelwood Fri 10-9 Sat 9-6 Tags Retailing Christmas Eve St. Louis Sales St. Louis County Electronics Christmas Andrea Schwartz West County Mall Mid Rivers Mall Retail Analytics James Williams Williams Sononma St. Louis Galleria Northwest Missouri State University Liz Harry Toys R Us Nintendo South County Jessica Offerjust Amanda Zamarripa Zenova Harris Brian Field Danit Marquardt Pottery Barn Tom Brooks St. Clair Square Chesterfield Mall Macy's Kohls Wal-mart Shoppertrak Store Commerce Economics Shopper Lisa Brown Lisa Brown is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Lisa Brown Close Get email notifications on Lisa Brown daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Lisa Brown posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Lisa Brown Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Most popular Kmart closing stores in St. Louis, Alton and Granite City Infomercial sensation 'My Pillow' flunks out of Better Business Bureau Four St. Louis projects win nearly $51 million in TIF support St. Louis to get new nonstop flight to Charleston, S.C. Ford cancels $1.6 billion Mexican plant, will invest $700 million in Michigan factory Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section J.C. Penney holiday sales fell 0.8 percent, shares slide Apartments, parking garage out of next Cortex growth spurt Boosted by Apple, Wall Street parties like it's 19,999 The Limited closing all stores across the U.S. Boeing's 2016 orders lowest since 2010, deliveries hit target Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Find the dream job you are looking for Get your Blues gear from the Post-Dispatch Store! See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Channels  Music  Style  Pop Culture  Sports  Sneakers  Life  Best and Worst of 2016  Videos  Shop More from Complex  GO90  First We Feast  Pigeons & Planes  Collider  Sole Collector  Green Label  Ride Channel SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Life Life Black Lives Matter Shirt Pulled From Walmart After Police Complain Share Tweet Black Lives Matter Shirt Pulled From Walmart After Police Complain By Debbie Encalada Destroying her brand one tweet at a time. Dec 23, 2016 Share Tweet 0 Image via Fibonacci Blue Walmart has stopped selling “Bulletproof: Black Lives Matter” shirts after getting a complaint from the Fraternal Order of Police, reported USA Today. This is the same retailer that banned a shirt about a woman president but somehow had no problem with making an ISIS flag cake. Related Walmart Enlists a Team to Pull Offensive Halloween Costumes From Its Website Walmart Pulls "I Can't Breathe" Commercial After Eric Garner Protests Walmart Is Pulling All Confederate Flag Merchandise From Its Stores Walmart stopped selling the BLM-branded shirts Tuesday after Walmart President and CEO C. Douglas McMillon got a complaint letter. A Walmart representative said, "Like other online retailers, we have a marketplace with millions of items offered by third parties that includes Blue Lives Matter, Black Lives Matter and All Lives Matter merchandise. After hearing concerns from customers, we removed the specific item with the 'bulletproof' reference." (It can be seen in the tweet below). Walmart pulls 'Bulletproof,' 'Black Lives Matter' shirt after FOP request https://t.co/JQbRCs6T8n pic.twitter.com/rSv1gRFMIr — PoliceOne.com (@PoliceOne) December 21, 2016 The letter came from Fraternal Order of Police National President Chuck Canterbury, who called the shirts “offensive” and damaging to the company name. He said the shirts would "damage your company's good name amongst FOP members and active and retired law enforcement officers." Canterbury denounced the shirts in no uncertain terms. "Commercializing our differences will not help our local police and communities to build greater trust and respect for one another," he wrote. "Turning a buck on strained relationships will not contribute to the healing process." The Bulletproof shirt was made by Old Glory Merchandise, whose owner Glenn Morelli said he was contacted by the FOP last week and pulled the shirt. "We understand where the FOP stand and their point of view. We didn't want to ruffle any feathers. Also, too, we support the police in different ways," Morelli said. That support includes the company's own Blue Lives Matter shirt. The FOP also reportedly sent a similar letter to Amazon Wednesday, complaining about people using Amazon to sell shirts like Bulletproof: Black Lives Matter and the, in the organization's words, “urban myth” of “Hands Up, Don’t Shoot.”   The Fraternal Order of Police, the largest police union, endorsed Donald Trump and has now called for the president-elect to further militarize police. WatchNow Tags: News, Police, Walmart, #blacklivesmatter  Like  Follow  Chat Show Comments 0 Lateststories Former Mexican President Says Mexico is 'Not Paying For That F*cking Wall' BY Aaron Mansfield 1 hour ago Intelligence Report Reveals Putin Ordered 'Influence Campaign' With 'Clear Preference' for Trump BY Trace Cowen 3 hours ago Pop Culture Arnold Schwarzenegger and Trump Are in a Twitter War and It's Amazingly Petty BY Gavin Evans 4 hours ago #BLMKidnapping Is An Old Racist Trick BY Donovan Ramsey 5 hours ago At Least 5 Dead in Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting, Suspect in Custody (UPDATE) BY Trace Cowen 5 hours ago 15 of the Most Powerful Women In the Weed Industry BY Sophie Saint Thomas 6 hours ago Joe Biden Tells Donald Trump To 'Grow Up' in New Video Interview BY Gavin Evans 6 hours ago Viral Photo Has People Swearing a Demon Showed Up in Arizona to Ring in the New Year BY Trace Cowen 7 hours ago Yahoo's Major Screwup Turns Into Hilarious Black Twitter Trending Topic BY Khal 9 hours ago Michelle Obama Speaks to Young People During Final Speech as First Lady: 'Don't Be Afraid' BY Trace Cowen 9 hours ago NowTrending SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Contact UsTerms of Use CareersPrivacy Policy AdvertiseSite Map Feeds MusicStyle Pop CultureSports SneakersLife © Complex Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
ON NEWSSTANDS 107 Dec/Jan 2017 The Faith Issue Music Style Culture Video share tweet Feed All Posts Featured Posts Trending Posts Magazine Events Shop Twitter facebook youtube instagram tumblr US US UK CA US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition Follow the Fader Press Enter to Search Music Style Culture Video Magazine Events Shop US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition culture / News Walmart Removes “Black Lives Matter” T-Shirts From Online Store After Police Protest A letter from the Fraternal Order of Police claimed the shirts were “offensive.” By Will Bundy   Michael B. Thomas / Getty Images Walmart has reportedly pulled a line of T-shirts reading "Black Lives Matter" from its online store after receiving a complaint letter from the Fraternal Order of Police, the country's largest police organization. The letter, written by FOP president Chuck Canterbury, requested that the retail chain remove shirts that read "Bulletproof" and "Black Lives Matter," stating that the merchandise was "offensive" and encouraged "racial division." In response, Walmart pulled the "Bulletproof" shirts (which also include the phrase "Black Lives Matter" beneath that text), but not the "Black Lives Matter"-only ones, according to the Washington Post. In a statement Wednesday night, Walmart noted that the shirts were being sold via their online marketplace by a third-party retailer, Old Glory but stated, "After hearing concerns from customers, we are removing the specific item with the ‘bulletproof’ reference.” Old Glory also produces items that read "Blue Lives Matter" and "All Lives Matter." “Commercializing our differences will not help our local police and communities to build greater trust and respect for one another," said Canterbury in his original letter to Walmart. The Washington Post also reports that the Fraternal Order of Police sent a similar request to Amazon today, though the company has yet to comment on the issue. Read the full story here via The Washington Post. December 22, 2016 Politics, Will Bundy Read full story Come through for today’s top stories Trending music / Feature Why Beyoncé Has Stopped Doing Interviews music / Feature 13 Artists You Need To Know About In 2017 music / News Coachella’s Owner Is A Republican Mega-Donor Who Has Funded Anti-LGBTQ Hate Groups music / Video Prepare To Be Obsessed With This German Reimagining Of ‘90s R&B Swagger music / Feature The True Story Behind DMX’s Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood culture / News Walmart Removes “Black Lives Matter” T-Shirts From Online Store After Police Protest Contact Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Fader Label Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube Tumblr Instagram Apple Music Soundcloud Spotify RSS Magazine 107 Dec/Jan 2017 The Faith Issue Subscribe Updates Daily Events To get invites for parties near where you live, make sure to add your Zip/Postal Code. ©2017 The Fader, Inc. All rights reserved. Site By Wondersauce
Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending Today’s Paper Subscriptions Newsletter Daily Deals Twin Cities Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending Sunday Bulletin Board: What television has been… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) OUR PICKS: Fleck’s ‘Row the boat’ Fleck news conference Colored ice spheres Claeys offers rebuttal P.J. Fleck’s career Sears closing stores Hudson man found dead Megadeth co-founder’s coffee Opinion Bulletin Board Sunday Bulletin Board: What television has been needing: ‘The Maze-ing Race,’ through the aisles at Walmart! Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By Bulletin Board | BB.onward@gmail.com December 25, 2016 at 5:02 am Sign up for newsletters and alerts Most Popular Expect Western Michigan recruits to follow P.J. Fleck to Minnesota Gophers player explains boycott — and that sex assault ‘never crossed our minds’ ‘Row the Boat’ honors new Gophers football coach P.J. Fleck’s lost child Soucheray: Gophers football meltdown makes U look ridiculous, again VIDEO: New Minnesota Gophers football coach P.J. Fleck news conference Minnesota nursing home worker raped Alzheimer’s patient, charges say Everyone’s an executive producer! Or: Muse, amuse The Doryman of Prescott, Wisconsin: “Subject: ‘The Maze-ing Race.’ “My latest reality-show proposal: Five contestant couples convene at a Walmart store. The five wives enter the store to shop. Three minutes later, the husbands are released to find their spouses. “The participants cannot speak or use any electronic devices. “We watch on a split screen — with a floor-plan overhead shot on one side, and bread-crumb-trail GPS tracking — in a different color for each couple — on the other (like the old PAC-MAN game). The players are allowed to eat anything they want and use the restrooms. “The first couple to reunite wins $100 million. “If none of the players find each other by the end of the season (12 one-hour episodes), they all depart the store, and we watch them search for their cars.” Till death them did part Writes The Hastings Crazy Quilter: “This is my parents’ wedding picture. Aren’t they a beautiful young couple? “What you can’t see is the right side of my father’s face. The photographer carefully posed them to hide that side of his face, because it had been blown open by shrapnel on a hillside in Italy during World War II. As he and several others lay there, they were first visited by a medical corpsman, and then by two clergymen — one Catholic and one Lutheran — who crept up the hillside to give them aid and comfort. Brave men, one and all. “When he got back to the States, my dad was in the hospital for a long time. While he was lucky the shrapnel had missed major blood vessels, the wound extended from the middle of his cheek, down his neck and out toward his shoulder bone. He underwent several (six? seven?) surgeries to close the wound. Each time, it would break open and spread a little wider. “Through this time, my mother waited. And waited. And finally they decided they weren’t going to wait any more; the surgeries weren’t working, and it was time to get on with his life. He left the hospital, and they got married. Not a fancy wedding, because it was right after a war, but a lasting one. “November 23 would have been their 70th wedding anniversary. Happy Anniversary, Mom and Dad. I miss you both. “They really were the Greatest Generation. “Thirty-five years later, Mom and Dad visited Italy with my husband and me. Dad said he really hadn’t seen much of the country on his first visit. He had a much better visit the second time.” The Permanent Maternal Record And: ‘Tis the season! (Ah, the Smell of It Division) Dolly Dimples: “This is a tribute to my mom — and memories of Christmases past. “Memories of Christmases past can be triggered by many things — by a beautiful snowfall like we had this weekend, which transformed our ordinary-looking neighborhood into a Wonderful Winter Wonderland, or seeing houses and yards decked out in festive lights, or hearing favorite Christmas carols on the radio. What transports me into the Christmas seasons of the past is the fragrance of Christmas cookies being baked. “Mom baked lots of cookies, but Christmas cookies were baked only in season — and the variety was amazing. To name a few: cut-out cookies, sugar cookies, stollen, spritz, lebkuchen, pfeffernusse, anise, springerle, thumbprint, Christmas wreaths. Mom had all things in order when she was ready to make cookies. The bowls, utensils, ingredients were in place on the kitchen table, as well as the recipes (but I doubt she needed to refer to them). She was ready to start. “There were no electric mixers in those days. All batter had to be stirred by hand — vigorously. I marveled at the strength it took for Mom to spend hours mixing cookie dough and not seeming to tire. (I think it was the love she mixed in that kept her going.) “I tried to help. While Mom stirred and baked, she kept me busy with other tasks. My role was to sprinkle colored sugar on the cut-out cookies, to press the Hershey’s Kisses in the thumbprint indentations, to complete the sticky wreaths by placing the little red cinnamon candies in place. She’d put a package of Dromedary dates in front of me and instruct me to make a slit in each date, stuff in a half-walnut, and roll the date in granulated sugar. That was a treat we all enjoyed at Christmastime. Another favorite was baked apples. She would core the apples, and my job was to fill the cavity with the red cinnamon candies. When the apples emerged from the oven, they were fragrant, pink and soft inside the skin … and tasty. “I was fascinated when Mom made the springerle cookies. She sprinkled anise seeds on the baking board, placed the rolled-out dough on top of the seeds and pressed down on the springerle form. The little pictures of people working at trades were so clear and remained so when they were baked. Nowadays I believe springerle forms are rolling pins with designs etched in them, but Mom’s was a square metal plate on which the pictures were etched, and it was fastened to a wooden block. “With some guilt, I must admit I didn’t take after her, as baking was not one of my favorite things to do.”   Life as we know it Kathy S. of St. Paul writes: “This Christmas season has been shadowed for me, though I had the joy of attending a party yesterday where there was a bountiful bevy of beautiful babies. And what could be more fitting than that? “To cheer myself up, I am binge-watching the movie ‘Love Actually,’ on cable. Some channels are playing it two or three times in a row, so I can catch my favorite scenes or watch the whole thing. It follows a number of love stories: all the beginnings, then the ‘middles,’ and the denouements. Not all the stories are happy, but there is sheer joy in the cheerful ones. And the scene with Joni Mitchell’s song ‘Both Sides Now’ in the background truly makes you understand the words in that song. “What hooked me on this movie is the voice you hear at the beginning of the movie, as you see joyous people run to hug and kiss their loved ones. These scenes (and those at the end of the movie) were filmed clandestinely (and later OK’d) at Heathrow Airport near London. “The voice says that, on 9/11, people called from the Towers, etc., to tell people they loved them — and that love is all around us. “It’s a message I need to hear, this year.”   Our theater of seasons Reports KH of White Bear Lake: ‘Subject: For every season, there is a thing. “Spring is a wonderful time of year. Trees leaf out and flower. Grass turns green. The vista changes from monochrome to color. Days get longer and begin to warm. All things appearing to have been dead spring to back to life. It is a miraculous time. “Summer is a wonderful time of year. Fruit grows on trees, gardens flourish, and flowers produce more colors than a palette can hold. There is enough daylight for all our waking hours, with some left over. The sun finally removes all the memories of cold from our bones. “Fall is a wonderful time of year. The trees compete (or is it collaborate?) with the flowers to produce colors that inspire the use of the word brilliant. The nights chill, but the days warm as bountiful harvests take on a sense of urgency. “Winter is — cold, dark, messy. Or is it? This year, for the first time in my life, I decided to head for the woods and find out for myself. “The first day, after a fresh snow, I noticed tracks. Tracks of every size from mouse to deer. They were seemingly everywhere. Under a flowering crabapple tree, there weren’t just tracks; there had been a party. Deer and pheasants apparently had a late Thanksgiving feast. “The second day, I decided to see if I could be a witness to one of these parties. I stationed myself about 50 yards away from several of these trees and then waited motionlessly. The temperature was in the single digits. After nearly two hours, I was close to falling asleep when I saw movement out of the corner of my eye. In swooped a dozen pheasants. Six of them landed in two trees (females in one tree, males in the other). The rest landed on the ground under the trees. The ones in the trees began to attack the crabapples. Some they ate, and some fell down for those below. I tried not to scare them away with my gaping jaw. I was reminded of the photographer (Sean O’Connell) in the ‘Walter Mitty’ movie when he said: ‘Sometimes I don’t (take the picture). If I like a moment, for me, personally, I don’t like to have the distraction of a camera. I just want to stay in it.’ That, and I had left my camera in the car because it was too cold, and I hadn’t expected to see anything. “The next day, I decided to see if I could find a deer. I walked up and down rows of trees for several miles when suddenly I spotted a deer about a hundred yards away. He looked in my direction, and I froze. (Single-digit weather with a strong breeze will do that to a person.) Even though I didn’t move, I knew he could see my breath just as I could see his. Over the next 45 minutes, I inched closer. Every time he put his head down to eat, I shuffled a few inches closer. Then he would look up, and I would freeze. This went on until I was about 40 yards away. At that point, he’d had enough of the game and loped away. “This morning it was 19 degrees below zero. I decided to take my camera with me for a few minutes, just in case I saw something. And I did. “I saw this lone pheasant in a flowering crabapple tree, having breakfast in the brilliant sunlight. The pheasants usually won’t stay around long enough for a photo, but for some reason, this one did. After a few shots, I put the camera away and took my stroll. I followed my tracks from yesterday and soon noticed that I wasn’t the only one following my tracks. In each one of my shoe prints was a clear print of a fox or coyote. (I’m no expert on animal prints.) Suddenly I felt like a trail blazer. “On another portion of my walk, I noticed deer prints in my shoe prints. Then it occurred to me that they might have been following my tracks just like I follow theirs. “When I started this venture of embracing winter, I had hoped to find it tolerable. I found that it was neither tolerable, nor enjoyable. Instead it has been exhilarating, and dazzling. Despite what the mercury said, I never felt the cold. Cold, dark, messy? Maybe. But that’s not what I’m going to remember about this winter.”     Band Name of the Day: The Beautiful Babies Bulletin Board appears each Sunday in the Pioneer Press. Every day of the week, including Sundays, you can find new stories and pictures at BBonward.com. Sign up there to follow it.                 Tags:  Bulletin Board Bulletin Board Bulletin Board never rests. This interactive column (1990-present) runs every Sunday in the St. Paul Pioneer Press. Your stories welcome at bb.onward@gmail.com. Follow Bulletin Board @BBoardPP As you comment, please be respectful of other commenters and other viewpoints. Our goal with article comments is to provide a space for civil, informative and constructive conversations. We reserve the right to remove any comment we deem to be defamatory, rude, insulting to others, hateful, off-topic or reckless to the community. See our full terms of use here. View Comments blog comments powered by Disqus More in Bulletin Board Bulletin Board: After 72 years of use, this ‘very ordinary Club Aluminum pot’ is one to remember. January 03, 2017, 11:03 pm Built to last Little Sister writes: “It’s comforting to have something in your possession that was made to last. “This very ordinary Club Aluminum pot was part of a complete collection my parents received as a wedding gift in 1944. “Each piece had its own function in our household. “The sturdy Dutch oven produced my mother’s Sunday beef roasts and... Read More Bulletin Board: ‘Oh there you are, Baby God. I know where your mother is. I will bring Baby God to him’s mom. She is worried about him.’ December 19, 2016, 5:31 pm The Permanent Granddaughterly Record Wicki-Yah: “We stayed with the Preacher and the Preacher’s Wife and our grandchildren recently. “Granddaughter Addie is 2. She talks constantly, and her every action is announced with a joyful, self-delivered play-by-play. She was telling me about the Fontanini stable set that I gave her mother her first married Christmas. As she approached the manger to... Read More Sunday Bulletin Board: The package promised that these Christmas lights would last 20,000 hours — most of them in a landfill? December 11, 2016, 5:29 am Life in the World Economy Elvis reports: “Elvis got the Christmas lights out yesterday, and two of the strings wouldn’t work. These are the fancy LED lights that cost a pretty penny, and the boxes they are packaged in make a big pitch that the LED bulbs will last over 20,000 hours! “Unfortunately the folks in China still seem to... Read More Sunday Bulletin Board: Frank Sinatra sang at their table. Frank Sinatra sang at her funeral. And then? December 05, 2016, 10:40 am Till death them did part: And: Fifteeen nanoseconds of fame — leading to: There’s a signpost up ahead . . . Wild Bill of River Falls, Wisconsin: “Here’s a story that was on my mind today. “It is a story about my parents, whose anniversary would have been next week. Call them Edna and Rudy. “They would often vacation in... Read More Bulletin Board: ‘From the minute we went through Dayton’s heavy revolving doors, I was in hog heaven.’ November 20, 2016, 6:00 am Then & Now (Golden Age of Department Stores Division) Little Sister writes: “Even though I haven’t darkened any doors of the Nicollet Mall in Minneapolis for years, I am sad to hear that Macy’s is considering closing the store. It’s another bittersweet reminder of a bygone era — not for Macy’s, but for what once was Dayton’s flagship store. “Shopping... Read More Bulletin Board: What is a ‘weed’? What is ‘Batesian mimicry’? How many wings do bees have? (Answers below.) November 13, 2016, 6:01 am What is a ‘weed’? What is ‘Batesian mimicry’? How many wings do bees have? (Answers below.) Al B of Hartland writes: “I walked about the yard, pulling plants that weren’t where they should be. A weed is any plant that is growing where it isn’t wanted. I yanked dandelions, both golden and globed, but I knew they’d be back. “Butterflies... Read More Today’s Paper Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Home News Sports Opinion Things to Do Obituaries Weather Lottery Commenting rules Special Advertising Sections Classifieds Autos Homes Jobs Pioneer Press careers Contact Us Customer service Newsroom Contacts Advertise with us Photo reprints Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 06, 8:45 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology NES Classic Edition Available At Meijer, B&H Photo Video From Friday By Rishabh Jain On 12/23/16 AT 7:10 AM The console has sold out at leading retailers. Photo: Nintendo The NES Classic Edition might be Nintendo’s most successful gaming console till date. It has better sales numbers than other consoles such as Nintendo Wii. The console, which was launched on Nov. 11, has been sold out on Amazon, Best Buy and Walmart.  Among big retailers, Target is still selling the console, but only in its brick-and-mortar stores. Owing to high demand, it is necessary for customers to look out for places to buy the console, which is where Meijer and B&H Photo Video come in. Related Stories Where To Buy NES Classic Edition: Stock Sparse At Walmart, Target, Toys 'R' Us, But Pricier Options Available Nintendo Black Friday Deals Meijer tweeted Wednesday that it would be selling NES Classic Edition in “limited quantities,” while B&H Photo Video will start selling the Classic Friday morning. In terms of purchasing a NES Classic Edition gaming console, physical stores seem to be the better bet compared to online ones, which have mostly run out of stock. The NES Classic Edition might become the highest selling gaming console of 2016, if the trend continues. NPD group projected that Nintendo had sold 196,000 gaming consoles in November alone. Since the device launched on Nov. 11, this means that it sold those numbers in just 19 days. Nintendo is expected to generate good sales of the Classic in the holiday season, if it can make stocks available in time, the possibility of which seems bleak now. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Donald Trump Attacks Toyota On Twitter The president-elect has previously targeted other automakers, including General Motors in a recent tweet, and Ford Motor on the campaign trail. Technology NVIDIA, Mercedes-Benz Will Make An AI-Powered Car The two companies announced the partnership at CES this week. World War Over Water? In Central Asia, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and China Battle Over Dry Land Seasonal snow melt generally feeds into area rivers, providing water to communities in Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and the Xinjiang region in China. National Esteben Santiago Isn't The First Ex-Serviceman To Turn Weapons On Civilians Reports indicate he served in both the Alaska and Puerto Rico National Guard. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1802 comments Featured Guns Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCR .327 Federal Magnum 3:13 PM 11/28/2016 Gun Test: Arex Rex Zero 1S Pistol 10:16 AM 11/23/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Handgun 4:22 PM 11/18/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Sydney Morning Herald News site of the year Business Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News NSW News National Environment Health Education Investigations Good Weekend Galleries Clique Photos Victoria News Queensland ACT News WA News Sport NRL Union AFL Football Cricket Racing Motorsport Basketball Netball Cycling Tennis Scores Golf US Sports Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Race to the White House Migrant Crisis Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorials Column 8 Obituaries Peter Hartcher Ross Gittins Jessica Irvine John Birmingham Satire Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage What's On in Sydney Video Shop Art Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games Smartphone Apps Mobiles IT Pro Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Home Business Retail December 24 2016 Save Print Retail revolution: How a superhero toy could change the Australian landscape Catie Low Contact via Email Follow on Twitter Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Meet the Ooshies. They're superheros, only smaller, cuter and squashier. And there's a small army of these little guys headed for a Christmas stocking near you. Dreamed-up as a collectable set of ''pen toppers'' based on comic characters, the increasingly popular kids collectable has thrust Australian toy company Headstart International into the global playground, where it's vying for popularity alongside superstars Shopkins and the top selling Hatchimals. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Joyce sympathetic, not sorry Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:22 More National News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:39 Shopkins: the world's most popular toy Shopkins: the world's most popular toy With over 600 million units sold in countries all over the world, we asked kids what they liked about the South Melbourne designed plastic toys. Up Next Joyce sympathetic, not sorry Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:22 Video duration 01:22 Joyce sympathetic, not sorry Joyce sympathetic, not sorry There's been no apology from the Deputy PM over the Centrelink debt recovery saga, with Barnaby Joyce saying it's a necessary process to recoup money people aren't entitled to. Up Next Timelapse: The bomb disposal robot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:17 Video duration 02:17 Timelapse: The bomb disposal robot Timelapse: The bomb disposal robot After a bomb scare in Melbourne's CBD on Friday night, police deployed the bomb disposal robot to investigate the abandoned package. Up Next Australia's itty-bitty space program Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:53 Video duration 01:53 Australia's itty-bitty space program Australia's itty-bitty space program Cubesats are about to redefine the way we study the planet from space, and Australia is at the forefront of the burgeoning industry. Up Next The tennis match in question Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:51 Video duration 00:51 The tennis match in question The tennis match in question Police allege 18-year-old Australian tennis champ Oliver Anderson fixed this match at the Traralgon Challenger tournament last October. Up Next Minister's expensive impulse buy Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:32 Video duration 01:32 Minister's expensive impulse buy Minister's expensive impulse buy There are calls for Health Minister Sussan Ley to be sacked after revelations she bought a unit on the Gold Coast, while on a taxpayer funded trip with her husband. Up Next Essendon offers support following Hird health scare Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:32 Video duration 01:32 Essendon offers support following Hird ... Essendon offers support following Hird health scare Following a suspected overdose, players showed up to training and kept mum about their distressed coach. Vision courtesy Seven News, Melbourne. Up Next Queenslander wins $55 million Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:38 Video duration 01:38 Queenslander wins $55 million Queenslander wins $55 million A lucky Queenslander has scooped the entire $55 million in Powerball on Thursday night. More videos Shopkins: the world's most popular toy With over 600 million units sold in countries all over the world, we asked kids what they liked about the South Melbourne designed plastic toys. By the time most of us are cramming the Christmas wrapping paper into the rubbish and regretting that third serve of turkey, more than 2 million Ooshies will have been sold through Australian retail chains, as well as US and British retail behemoths such as Target and Walmart and Amazon. But the real power of these tiny comic book collectables is what they represent, an Australian business that has adapted to a rapidly changing retail landscape. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Illustration: Simon Bosch.  It's responded to a retail revolution spearheaded by tech giant Amazon that threatens to unpick the fabric of traditional retail and stitch it back together as a consumer-led movement peopled by companies and brands that most of us have never even heard of yet. What the toys can teach retail is the value of agility and that big rewards are the pay off for big risks. Advertisement From shipping to shaping Headstart International's Ooshie toys are proving a Christmas hit. Ooshies only hit the supermarket shelves in May but Headstart's creative team is already working on new accessories, including "environments", which will be quickly developed and distributed around the world. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link The increasingly popular kids collectable has thrust Headstart International into the global playground.  "Because of our success we have committed to another four concepts and we are well under way with that," Headstart International's executive chairman David Hendy said. "Internationally this has suddenly given us credibility ... and in the next six months we will be selling Ooshies to the rest of the world." What's even more interesting than the Ooshie phenomenon is how these shrunk superheros fit into the evolution of Headstart, a business that up until three years ago was a distributor for the major licensed brands such as Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, StarWars and Bratz. The turning point for Headstart was Guy Russo's transformation of the Kmart chain, a turnaround that radically reduced the number of brands the chain carried and also increased its direct sourcing of product. JB Hi-Fi, Harvey Norman and Myer are most at risk from Amazon's launch in Australia. Citi research note It's a trend that has permeated the entire discount department store sector as well as the broader retail market, as supermarkets, department stores and apparel chains battle the rising tide of costs. At the same time, Headstart, along with competitors such as Hunter Products, was watching the big toy companies take back control of their international distribution operations. They set up their own Australian offices and turned off the commission tap on big-name brands. Hendy saw the writing on the wall and established an in-house design team to create toy concepts and nurture a new revenue stream. "Prior to a couple of years ago, all we were doing was distributing [toys] for Australia," Hendy says. "When all the retailers made major changes, we thought perhaps we should make some changes too." The creative department is now Headstart's biggest team and Hendy is convinced the business is on the right track, despite the intense focus on price at Australia's major supermarket chains Coles and Woolworths as well as concerns over the future of the discount department store chains. "I'm sure a lot of people want price but when you get to toys it's more than just price," Hendy says. "It's about the product, it's about the brand, and in Australia compared to other parts of the world we've moved more quickly into price." Hunter Products distributes merchandise for some of the leading children's brands, including pester-power favourite Peppa Pig and Paw Patrol as well as sporting and outdoor lines such as Lance Franklin's Buddy Ball. However it's also investing in its own product lines and nurturing an overseas client network to diversify its revenue base. "We have learned to adapt to the requirements of the major retailers in Australia and maximise our opportunities here," Hunter's James Hunter says. "In addition, we have taken significant steps to diversify and develop our own products for the world market. "We have successfully shipped product to over 35 countries around the world and we were thrilled to ship our first products to customers in the United States in 2016. "There is no doubt tough times require businesses to think outside of their own small backyard and we are continuing to do that in looking at new opportunities and ideas." Endangered discounters Moose Toys CEO Paul Solomon. Photo: Simon Schluter Target's decision to abandon its toy sale this year had an impact on all of Australia's toy operators, who relied on the annual sale to get a "read" on the hot products for Christmas and adjust their order and supply chain accordingly. At the release of its first-quarter sales in October, Wesfarmers department store chief Guy Russo revealed the decision to cancel the annual toy sale cost it $75 million in lost toy sales at Target, as well as sales from adjacent categories such as kidswear. Target lost $50 million in 2016 and it's on track to post another big loss in the 2017 financial year after its same-store sales plunged 22 per cent in the September quarter and total sales fell 17 per cent to $643 million, suggesting the turnaround had stalled. The results have not shifted Russo's commitment to an every-day low price model at Target, the same model he instigated at Kmart. For now, insiders report it's working on a hybrid high-low, everyday low pricing model and making slow work of moving to the new pricing structure. Suppliers tell a slightly different story, reporting Target buyers were "highly motivated" to drive sales in the vital Christmas period and use any measure to move stock off the shelves, including discounting. Analysts are sceptical about whether Russo can turn Target around, with or without a toy sale. One retail insider has urged him to return Target to its "fashion roots" in 2017 and create a distinctly different identity to its fellow discount trader Kmart. The discount department stores are the "most endangered" species in the retail ecosystem, according to retail analyst Steve Kulmar, especially with Amazon on the horizon. Toy distributors claim Big W is enjoying a late surge in Christmas toy sales, but the outlook for the chain is uncertain after the jarring departure of chief Sally Macdonald in November, less than one year into the job. The star of Australia's toy sector is Moose Toys, which has turned its wildly popular Shopkins collectable into a global empire that's poised to take new territory as it rolls out licence agreements across multiple retail sectors, including apparel and even food. Co-chief Paul Solomon is confident there's a big role for bricks and mortar retailers but he believes the innovation that is at the heart of Moose can also future-proof Australia's big name chains. "Online is having a big impact on what's going on out there as have the international arrivals," Solomon says. "There's definitely a role for bricks and mortar retailers and a market for them but they've got to have a reason for being, a point of difference, something that's going to set them apart from the competition. "And that's the same for us." Shopkins phenomenon Moose's wildly popular Shopkins characters were named the Toy Industry Association's Girl Toy of the Year in 2015 and its Little Live Pets "Snuggles" puppy was the No.1 selling toy in Australia last week and destined to be sold out by Christmas Eve. Not bad for a business that was teetering on the brink of collapse in 2007 after it was engulfed in a scandal over traces of a "date rape" drug in its Bindeez craft kit toy. Nine years later, it's transformed Shopkins into an international lifestyle brand with a global following and significant growth potential but it's not chasing growth at any cost. "It's not necessarily about being everywhere, it's about being with the right retailers," Solomon says. "We are focused on creating great toys and helping our retail partners. "The industry we are in is truly magical, we are selling our toys to adults who get to give those toys to kids and that makes adults smile as well." Solomon said Moose prides itself on its partnerships with its retailers, including the major supermarket chains and discount department stores in Australia as well as US giants, including Target, Walmart and Toys "R" Us. Moose's financial results reflect the runaway success of its Australian-designed products, supporting a $57 million full-year net profit in fiscal 2016, a big jump from its $21 million net profit result a year earlier. The genius of collectables is they bring kids (and their parents) back to retailers again and again to expand or update their collection, building ant trails to the major bricks and mortar retailers as well as online operators like Amazon. Bring on Amazon The digital giant is expected to make landfall in Australia as early as next February and take a $4 billion bite out of Australia's retail revenue, a sector already under pressure from the exchange rate, labour costs as well as competition from online and international brands. Amazon Web Services staff have been working out of an office in Sydney for the past six months and some analysts claim Amazon could launch its Prime service as early as February next year followed by fresh food later in the calendar year. But not everyone is frightened of the US behemoth. Suppliers are excited, not anxious. They're counting down the days until they can sell through another major channel in what is a highly concentrated market. Headstart already sells its lines, including Ooshies, through Amazon in other parts of the world and Hendy believes an Australian launch is an "opportunity". "From my experience with Amazon in other countries, they buy locally and have depth in their range," Hendy says. "In Australia for a long time we've just had retail monopolies." The collapse of Dick Smith, the closure of Masters and the sale of The Good Guys have concentrated retail ownership across a number of influential sectors in Australia. JB Hi-Fi's $870 million purchase of The Good Guys chain in September reduced the appliance and electronics markets to an arm wrestle between JB Hi-Fi and Gerry Harvey's Harvey Norman. Woolworths' decision to finally draw a line under its massive losses from its disastrous Masters hardware chain left Wesfarmers' Bunnings in charge of the hardware market as Metcash finalises the integration of its Mitre 10 store network with the Home chain. Australia's grocery sector is where the concentration of ownership hits its high notes. This might explain why Coles' owner Wesfarmers and its chief Richard Goyder have been so vociferous in their commentary about Amazon. Coles' same-stores sales grew at their lowest level in seven years in the September quarter, and after years of double-digit gains, earnings growth has also slowed. Analysts suggest Coles may be on track to endure its first decline in earnings since Wesfarmers added the supermarket chain to its conglomerate in 2008, as the Woolworths turnaround gains momentum and competition from Aldi's new territories intensifies. But the business that successfully saw off Woolworthss epically unsuccessful assault on hardware cannot be underestimated. Goyder has been warning Australian retail to shape up for Amazon's arrival for years and Woolworths chairman Gordon Cairns revealed at its recent annual meeting that Australia's biggest supermarket chain had set up an internal "unit" to analyse this significant shift in Australian retail. The Woolworths Food Digital unit includes Tristan Butt, a former Amazon staffer, who moved to the team in November after heading up Woolworths' health, beauty and baby team for two years. In a letter to suppliers, Woolworths said Butt would help to "strengthen the collaboration" between its increasingly important online business with its commercial team. A recent Citi recent research note suggests JB Hi-Fi, Harvey Norman and Myer are most at risk from Amazon's launch in Australia, with the broker's head of research Craig Woolford suggesting JB Hi-Fi's earnings before interest and tax could track backwards by as much as 23 per cent. You won't hear any of this fear-mongering on the supply side of retail, especially not the grocery suppliers who are eagerly awaiting the arrival of the master disrupter. One supermarket supplier, who would only talk on the basis of anonymity, said he had already appointed a staff member to determine what Amazon might do to the Australian grocery market. He plans to take a look at Amazon's high-tech Seattle store as soon as possible, to get a clear idea of its bricks and mortar strategy. "Amazon's motto is 'your margin is our opportunity' and Coles and Woolworths are still the most profitable supermarkets in the world," the supplier says. He is optimistic about partnering with Amazon but he knows the supermarkets will have their game plan too and they're not going to get caught out by underestimating the global retailer. "They've learnt from the issues they've had with Aldi, which now has 12.5 per cent market share," says the supplier. The supermarkets won't make the same mistake they made with Aldi, they're not going to get caught out by underestimating Amazon. "If it doesn't happen in 2017 or 2018, it will happen sometime soon without a doubt and everyone from suppliers to retailers are reacting." Shopping for change The timing of Amazon's expected arrival coincides with a significant shift in social values in Australia and a move away from an era of social conservatism, according to research group Colmar Brunton. Research director Peter Kenny says the move to the so-called "rebellion" phase has big ramifications for retailers, particularly given the focus on price at the major retail chains in Australia. "There's a lot of discussion around price with campaigns like Coles' Down Down but people are not feeling like their products are getting cheaper," says Kenny. "We are going to see a willingness to change ... the next point on the [social] clock is the word 'better' and so people will look for a better way to do things. "It's already creeping into advertising with companies offering better financial services, better insurance, better milk products." Kenny says retailers need to think about another way to meet consumers' needs that is not just about price, including the supermarkets. "There's a battle about to come between Amazon, Alibaba and other new players that haven't even got to the market yet," Kenny says. "It won't be 2017 but in the years ahead there will be so many alternative channel options and they will be providing all sorts of new services. "And when they come, we will be very much in a period of reshaping the establishment model, which will affect all the retailers." Kenny claims too many of Australia's big retail brands have been doing too much of the same thing for too long. But former David Jones chief Paul Zahra argues these are big ships to turn around. Zahra, who is PwC's global retail adviser said both Target and Big W had to decide where they wanted to "play" in 2017, in a market where Wesfarmers' Kmart has already staked a claim on the lowest prices. "Suppliers complain retailers are myopically focused on price but that's because price is where the customer is as well," Zahra says. "It's much easier for a supplier to react than a retailer with a large workforce." SourceHub operates in the electronics market, developing and distributing private label product that is sold through traditional retail and online channels. The business has pushed into the international market in the past few years and offshore customers now represent about 40 per cent of its sales. "We pushed into Walmart because of the changes to retail in Australia," chief Vanessa Garrard says. "For us the growth had to come from leveraging into other countries." SourceHub has also focused on developing its own apps to sell to retailers along with popular consumer products. Garrard says for retailers like the discount department stores to survive they have to collaborate with suppliers and recognise that consumers are hungry for unique products. "It's naive [for the retailers] to think sourcing the same products from the same trade shows is a sustainable model," Garrard says. "I'm working through a major supermarket submission at the moment and the range is exactly the same as what's going into every other retailer, so it's just price fighting." And this is the challenge for Australian retail as Christmas bleeds into the new year, Boxing Day sales and the launch of yet another new season. Price alone will not buy consumer loyalty and that's a problem even a pocket-sized super hero can't solve. 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia Centrelink Phone Lines Jammed, People ... Contains: External link Sussan Ley Bought A Gold Coast Flat ... Contains: External link Most Popular Interest rate cuts not win-win for all Oversupply of doctors to hit this year amid calls to halt imports Jamie Oliver shuts six UK restaurants in Brexit squeeze Packer tipped for tie-up with pokie-heavy clubs 'Double whammy' lifts economy beyond recession Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow SMH Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Jamie Oliver shuts six UK restaurants in Brexit squeeze 'Double whammy' lifts economy beyond recession Packer tipped for tie-up with pokie-heavy clubs Interest rate cuts not win-win for all How Elon Musk's brother is disrupting farming The Sydney Morning Herald Multiple fatalities, injuries in shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport, Florida Funnel web spider bites Southern Highlands woman in bed Rove and Sam never stood a chance Saturday passenger numbers drop after Opal card changes Rove McManus and Sam Frost booted off 2DAY FM breakfast show The Age Tania Hird breaks her silence on husband James Hird's overdose Great white sharks spotted on Great Ocean Road, beaches closed 'Biggest typo ever': Washington Post in front page clanger Multiple fatalities, injuries in shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport, Florida Spencer Street reopened after suspicious package closes down west end for three hours Brisbane Times 21 govt workers share in $55m Powerball win Toyota shares drop after targeted by Trump over Mexico manufacturing Qld teacher banned after sex with student during school hours Hammerhead shark caught at mouth of Brisbane River Advocacy group for small business criticises new $200K industry champion Canberra Times Man dies after injury at Summernats Funnel web spider bites Southern Highlands woman in bed 'Top bloke': Luke Newsome's fatal fall from ute at Summernats Tania Hird breaks her silence on husband James Hird's overdose The remarkable work of surgeons who saved Sarah's hand WA Today Bikers and Bunbury community rev up to grant Zane's birthday wish Tania Hird breaks her silence on husband James Hird's overdose Police remove fishing wire strung across Perth street 'Roadway lunacy' captured on camera in WA Family mourns teenager Wesley Ballantine, killed on Perth work site Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Sydney Morning Herald Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition SMH for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters Sydney Morning Herald Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
Home News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military National Strange News International Elections On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Entertainment News Obituaries Live Streaming Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Tides HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Parenting Pop Quiz Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Tuesday’s Taste Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests Work for Us WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com 35° F Overcast Hi: 43° F Lo: 34° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog 9 Weather Alerts 73 Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military National Strange News International Elections On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Entertainment News Obituaries Live Streaming Featured: Burfoot corruption trial ODU Bahamas Bowl Latest Headlines Police: Two women left store without paying for groceries Updated: 9 mins ago Two woman left the Food Lion on Laskin Road in Virginia Beach without paying for groceries on December 22. Currituck County 911 service experiencing issues with Verizon users Updated: 11 mins ago Verizon Wireless service is experiencing technical difficulties with phone circuits, which is affecting some calls to 911 in Currituck Count… Fire destroys home on Roanoke Island Updated: 11 mins ago Reynolds, Fisher laid to rest at Hollywood Hills cemetery Updated: 18 mins ago Virginia Beach officials say they’re ready for winter weather Updated: 24 mins ago Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Current Conditions 35° F Overcast Feels Like: 26° F Wind: NE 15 Humidity: 70% Dewpoint: 26° F Sunrise: 7:18 AM Sunset: 5:03 PM Hampton Roads Weather Forecast Radar Sponsored by: Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Tides Latest Headlines Mavs tipoff switch avoids conflict with Cowboys playoff game 8:01 pm DALLAS (AP) — The Dallas Mavericks and their fans should be done in time to watch the Dallas Cowboys play their NFC divisional playoff game.… ‘Snacks’ Harrison an All-Pro in first season with Giants 8:01 pm EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (AP) — When the New York Giants signed Damon Harrison as a free agent in the offseason, they got more than one of the … Wild-card round gets going as drive to Super Bowl begins 6:51 pm Elway begins interviews for Kubiak’s successor 6:10 pm Landry fined $48K for post-TD celebration 6:10 pm HR Show HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Parenting Pop Quiz Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Tuesday’s Taste Latest Headlines HR Sports Star: Daniel Dixon 4:08 pm William & Mary senior guard makes game winner at the the buzzer against Hofstra. Joint Replacement Surgery and Treatment 4:07 pm Expert advice from Dr. Joseph Gondusky from Jordan-Young Institute Orthopedic Surgery and Sports Medicine. The Funny Bone: Tony Rock 12:21 pm Live Music Friday: Michael Hensen 12:20 pm In The Kitchen: Brunswick Stew and Three Cheese Grilled Cheese 12:18 pm Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests Work for Us WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com Search for: Search the site 35° F Overcast Hi: 43° F Lo: 34° F Parents charged with shooting heroin in Walmart parking lot with 2 kids in car Brett Martin, WKRN Published: December 23, 2016, 8:51 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Photo Credit: WKRN NASHVILLE, Tenn. (WKRN) – Two people were arrested earlier this month after police allegedly found them using heroin in their vehicle with two children inside. According to an arrest affidavit, Wesley Somers, 21, and Traci Orrand, 30, were both arrested and charged with two counts of child neglect and possession of a controlled substance. Metro police said they found a 2-year-old and 8-month-old in the backseat at the Walmart on Dickerson Pike. The 2-year-old was reportedly unrestrained in the back seat. Orrand was also in the backseat of a vehicle used to buy narcotics, according to police. Officers followed the vehicle to a Walmart parking lot where officers saw Somers and one other person using heroin. Orrand allegedly admitted to using heroin and taking her children with her to buy drugs. Both were booked in the Davidson County Jail and their bond has been set at $10,000 each. Somers is also wanted for an outstanding warrant in Sumner County. Police also arrested Benjamin Scharff, 38, at the Walmart on Dickerson Pike. According to an affidavit, police found nearly 20 grams of marijuana, a half gram of heroin and a cooking spoon with him. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Arrest made after medical emergency sends Currituck students to hospital Court documents: Parents found passed out with heroin, two babies in car 61-year-old man charged with trafficking heroin from VA to NC Husband, wife killed in 2-vehicle crash on the Eastern Shore Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WAVY.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WAVY-TV © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Traffic Sports Experts HR Show More Advertise Advertise with Us Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report WVBT EEO Report Children’s TV Report FCC Public File Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Stay Connected WAVY Weather App WAVY News App Email Alerts Text Alerts ReportIt Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Toggle navigation Entertainment All Entertainment TV Movies Covers Music Sports Cars Culture All Culture Fashion Beauty Travel Food Education Black Hair Cocktail & Beer News All News Business Politics Health Real Estate Criminal Behavior Obituaries Publisher's Blog Promotions Videos Videos Photos Rollingout × Search Shame On You Homeless parents ran holistic website as malnourished kids lived in car By Mo Barnes  |  December 23, 2016 8:16 AM EST Donell Barron and Rikki Hart (Photo Source: Palm Beach County Jail) The tragedy of being homeless with a family was revealed in a bizarre arrest in Florida. A police officer in an area known for drug dealing and the homeless approached a car in a Walmart parking lot. As the officer approached the vehicle, he noticed the smell of body odor and urine similar to a “homeless camp,” according to his report. Inside the parked vehicle, he found Donell Barron and Rikki Hart, both 34, and their five severely malnourished children. The family had been living in the car for about two months after losing their home and staying in hotel rooms until they ran out of money. While parked at the Walmart Super Store in Greenacres, Florida, they bathed infrequently at a lake in a nearby park. The children’s age range is reported as 14, 8, 6, 5 and 4. The 14-year-old weighed only 50 pounds and was so thin his bones were clearly visible. In addition, the 8-year-old was suffering from high blood pressure and was also malnourished. The children only ate once a day with a meal that consisted of salad and bread. They had not been enrolled in school for an extended period and were homeschooled by their parents in the vehicle. It is reported that the children had not seen a doctor in several years. Barron and Hart reportedly run a blog website titled “Holistically Beautiful for ‘those interested in a holistic and balanced lifestyle.” The website states, “This blog was created by Donell and Rikki Barron in 2014 to show the benefits of living a healthier lifestyle and discuss topics which can enrich ones’ life. Donell has his Master’s Degree in Rehab Science/Substance Abuse and is a Writer, Holistic Living Consultant, Personal Trainer, and Motivational Speaker. His wife, Rikki, has her Bachelor’s is Speech Communication and has a background in Banking, Dance Therapy, Childbirth Preparation and is also an Holistic Living Consultant. They believe in the importance of living a balanced life and the importance of constantly improving oneself. They currently reside in FL and they have been coaching others to live balanced lives for 10 years.” At the time of his arrest, Barron stated to police that he was Native American and “is not property of the US or any corporation.” In addition, he stated that he practices law but is not a lawyer. The children are now in state custody and the parents face five counts of criminal child neglect. They are being held in Palm Beach County Jail in lieu of $1K bail. Share this: Tweet More Email Print More on rollingout.com Famed healer Dr. Sebi dies after suspicious arrest and hospitalization Shanesha Taylor, Arizona mom who left kids in hot car, finally gets sentenced in the case Scared 5-year-old leads police to mom having drunken threesome 3 black boys savagely beat white boy on school bus: Is driver responsible? Mo Barnes "Mo Betta" Maurice "Mo" Barnes is a graduate of Morehouse College and Political Scientist based in Atlanta. Mo is also a Blues musician. Follow @theblogrebel Most Talked About Crips member, sexy felon Jeremy Meeks showcases mansion, Maserati, family on IG 39 Charleston church shooter Dylann Roof confesses, ‘I am not sorry’ 18 Featured Video Jamie Foxx talks new film ‘Sleepless’ and the Black Lives Matter movement 14 hours ago Featured Photos Kelly Price featured at Girl Talk Session: The W.E.A.L.T.H. Experience 2017 7 hours ago   Meth addict sheriff arrested 2 days after taking office 1 Texas couple blamed dogs for brutal sexual assault of 1-year-old Backpage founders charged as pimps for running online brothel 2 Bride’s ex leaves pics on table that cause wedding brawl 2 Homeless parents ran holistic website as malnourished kids lived in car Pregnant women making money with urine in pregnancy test ‘side-hustle’ Family member snitches on dog-loving newlywed’s sex tape Atlanta cop charged after home invasion rampage ﻿Semen-tainted pastry prank leads to charges for high school students Student snitches on high school teacher having sex with students 4 Father rapes, batters 10-week-old baby girl 7 Jailer arrested after anally assaulting prisoner in custody © Rolling Out. Contact Us Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. marketing automation
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Super Bowl in Houston Ted Oberg Investigates Entertainment Sports Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Stretch Your Dollar Mirror Mirror Out and About with ABC13 Politics Good News Station Info Your photos and videos ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us NEWS Ft. Bend deputies hand out $10,000 in gift cards Email share share tweet email You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1669478" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Fort Bend sheriff's deputies handed out $10,000 in gift cards, all provided by an anonymous donor. KTRK Friday, December 23, 2016 FORT BEND COUNTY (KTRK) -- Several families received big surprises on Thursday, when they were given gift cards donated to the Fort Bend County Sheriff's Office. The gifting was possible thanks to an anonymous donor, who provided the sheriff's office with $10,000 worth of Walmart gift cards. Deputies headed out into the community to give out $100 gift cards to families who were shopping at a local Walmart. MORE ACTS OF KINDNESS: Refinery employees buy new car for coworker You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1669325" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Texas City refinery employees came through for their coworker, whose dedication to his job continues to impress them. One man declined the gift card, telling the sheriff that his family was already very blessed and asking for the gift card to go to another family. The unidentified Secret Santa said he donated the cards to help people in need and to show a good side of the Fort Bend County Sheriff's Office. Last year, another donor provided $5,000 in gift cards for Fort Bend deputies to distribute. You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1134312" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> A man who says he's blessed to live in Ft. Bend County gave the sheriff's office gift cards to hand out. Related Topics: newsact of kindnessfort bend county sheriff's officechristmasholidayFort Bend County Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KTRK-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS Witnesses Describe Screaming, 'Trail of Blood' After Gunman Opened Fire at Airport Police: Katy theft ring stole $65k from TJ Maxx stores What We Know About Esteban Santiago, Suspect in Fort Lauderdale Attack 5 dead in 'horrific' shooting at Ft. Lauderdale airport 5 Dead, Multiple People Injured in Shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport More News Top Stories What we know about suspected Ft. Lauderdale gunman 5 dead in 'horrific' shooting at Ft. Lauderdale airport WINTER SNAP: Freeze warning issued ABC13's Steve Campion lands amid airport chaos Police: Katy theft ring stole $65k from TJ Maxx stores TIMELINE: How airport shooting unfolded PHOTOS: Scene of mass shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport Show More A look at other deadly attacks at US airports How to locate friends and family following an emergency Rules regarding air travel with weapons and ammo Security stepped up at Bush IAH airport TEA releases school report cards More News Top Video ABC13's Steve Campion lands amid airport chaos 5 dead in 'horrific' shooting at Ft. Lauderdale airport Police: Katy theft ring stole $65k from TJ Maxx stores WINTER SNAP: Freeze warning issued More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Super Bowl in Houston Ted Oberg Investigates Entertainment Sports Healthcheck Station Info Your photos and videos ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast U.S. & World Super Bowl in Houston Ted Oberg Investigates Entertainment Sports Healthcheck Your photos and videos ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Super Bowl in Houston Ted Oberg Investigates Entertainment Sports Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Stretch Your Dollar Mirror Mirror Out and About with ABC13 Politics Good News Station Info Your photos and videos ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston
Police arrest suspect in early morning robberies - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Chopper 5 Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Sports Friday Football Fever 2016 Olympic Games College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis 'Raw Travel' premieres in October on WMC Action News 5 Our local commitment In the kitchen with Chef Jeff WMC-TV 5 Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 Station History WMC-TV 5 Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Police arrest suspect in early morning robberies 2016-12-23T14:45:00Z2017-01-07T00:34:02Z Posted by Payton Knobeloch Email Connect Payton.Knobeloch@wsmv.com Follow @wsmv Joshua Hackett, 35, was arrested on aggravated robbery charges, including the Steak n Shake in Madison. (Photo: Metro Nashville Police Department) Surveillance photo of the suspect in the armed robbery at Steak 'n Shake on Myatt Drive. (Source: Metro Nashville Police Department) Surveillance photo of the suspect in the armed robbery at Steak 'n Shake on Myatt Drive. (Source: Metro Nashville Police Department) Also on WMCTV.COMMore>> TBI Most Wanted TBI Most Wanted Tennessee's most wanted fugitives.More >> Tennessee's most wanted fugitives.More >> MADISON, TN (WSMV) - Police have arrested a suspect who allegedly stole a vehicle and held up a restaurant in Madison early Friday morning. Metro police said citizen tips led to the arrest of Joshua Hackett, 35, on aggravated robbery charges. Hackett is accused to approaching a man in the parking lot of the Walmart Neighborhood Market on Gallatin Pike in Madison at 4:15 a.m. Friday and demanding money. The victim handed over his wallet and the suspect fled in the victim’s gold 2002 Chrysler Town and Country van. Citizen's tip leads to ID and arrest of Joshua Hackett, 35, now charged with agg. robbery for 2 Fri. a.m. hold-ups, including Steak n Shake. pic.twitter.com/wqITFFbwJa— Metro Nashville PD (@MNPDNashville) December 24, 2016 While officers were on the scene at Walmart, a second hold-up involving the same suspect was reported at the Steak ‘n Shake on Myatt Drive. The gunman again demanded money, and the cashier complied. The suspect is a white man appearing to be in his early 30s. He is approximately 6’1” tall with a large build and a shaved head. Anyone who recognizes the suspect is urged to contact Crime Stoppers at 615-742-7463. Callers can remain anonymous and qualify for a cash reward. They can also send a tip by texting “CASH” and their message to 274637. Copyright 2016 WSMV (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved. More from WMCTV.COMMore>> Special Davidson County news Click to read more headlines from Davidson County.More >> Click to read more headlines from Davidson County.More >> News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Black ice remains a threat overnight after snow blankets Mid-South Black ice remains a threat overnight after snow blankets Mid-South Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:10 PM EST2017-01-07 01:10:33 GMT The first snow of 2017 gave many people in the Mid-South an early weekend. While the snow is gone, slick roads and bitterly cold air remains.More >> The first snow of 2017 gave many people in the Mid-South an early weekend. While the snow is gone, slick roads and bitterly cold air remains.More >> 2 men rob Frayser bank 2 men rob Frayser bank Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 6:32 PM EST2017-01-06 23:32:48 GMT (Source: MPD) Two men robbed a bank in Frayser, according to Memphis Police Department. More >> Two men robbed a bank in Frayser, according to Memphis Police Department.More >> breaking 'Suspicious item' temporarily closes Memphis airport checkpoint 'Suspicious item' temporarily closes Memphis airport checkpoint Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 5:23 PM EST2017-01-06 22:23:28 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) A 'suspicious item' was discovered in the B checkpoint of Memphis International Airport on Friday, according to airport officials. More >> A 'suspicious item' was discovered in the B checkpoint of Memphis International Airport on Friday, according to airport officials. More >> 13 people shot, 5 killed at Fort Lauderdale airport 13 people shot, 5 killed at Fort Lauderdale airport Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 5:21 PM EST2017-01-06 22:21:53 GMT People on the tarmac in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida. (Source: NBC News) Thirteen people were shot--eight were injured and five were killed--Friday afternoon at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. The suspected shooter is unharmed and in police custody.  More >> Thirteen people were shot--eight were injured and five were killed--Friday afternoon at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. The suspected shooter is unharmed and in police custody. More >> FedEx delays expected nationally due to Mid-South snow FedEx delays expected nationally due to Mid-South snow Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 5:20 PM EST2017-01-06 22:20:23 GMT FedEx airplane taking off Friday morning. (Source: Memphis International Airport) FedEx Express said customers around the U.S. may experience some delays in deliveries Friday. More >> FedEx Express said customers around the U.S. may experience some delays in deliveries Friday.More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> 5 killed, 8 hospitalized in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman in custody 5 killed, 8 hospitalized in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman in custody Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 1:15 PM EST2017-01-06 18:15:58 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:07 PM EST2017-01-07 01:07:56 GMT Suspect in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting unpacked firearm in checked bag, loaded it in bathroom and returned to open fire on a baggage-claim area. More >> Suspect in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting unpacked firearm in checked bag, loaded it in bathroom and returned to open fire on a baggage-claim area.More >> Judge rebukes suspects in beating of disabled man in Chicago Judge rebukes suspects in beating of disabled man in Chicago Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 7:00 PM EST2017-01-07 00:00:33 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 7:00 PM EST2017-01-07 00:00:33 GMT The two 18-year-olds had been schoolmates, police say. After meeting at McDonald's, they spent two days together, driving around visiting friends. Then a pretend fight between them escalated into a brutal beating. More >> A judge rebuked four black people accused of beating a mentally disabled white man and broadcasting the attack on Facebook, sternly asking, "Where was your sense of decency?" before denying their attorneys' pleas to...More >> Report: 3 kids watched movie as parents lay dead outside SUV Report: 3 kids watched movie as parents lay dead outside SUV Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 12:32 PM EST2017-01-06 17:32:55 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 12:32 PM EST2017-01-06 17:32:55 GMT Investigators say they don't know why a couple found dead outside their still-running SUV had stopped along Interstate 4 near Daytona Beach early on New Year's Eve with their three young sons safely strapped in the vehicle. More >> Investigators say they don't know why a couple found dead outside their still-running SUV had stopped along Interstate 4 near Daytona Beach early on New Year's Eve with their three young sons safely strapped in...More >> LA sheriff's deputy saves cat trapped in garage door LA sheriff's deputy saves cat trapped in garage door Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 2:44 PM EST2017-01-06 19:44:45 GMT Bella the cat nearly lost her life when she became lodged in a garage door in Ascension Parish, LA. Source: Ascension Parish Sheriff's Department. It's the story everyone knows and loves; A law enforcement officer saves a stranded cat from a tree, and then reunites the family with their furry loved one.Except, that isn't at all what happened in Ascension Parish.  More >> It's the story everyone knows and loves; A law enforcement officer saves a stranded cat from a tree, and then reunites the family with their furry loved one.Except, that isn't at all what happened in Ascension Parish. More >> Officials: Seat with possible human remains recovered in plane crash wreckage Officials: Seat with possible human remains recovered in plane crash wreckage Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:41 PM EST2017-01-07 01:41:40 GMT A seat with possible human remains has been recovered in the search for a missing plane in Lake Erie, officials said during a press conference Friday night. More >> A seat with possible human remains has been recovered in the search for a missing plane in Lake Erie, officials said during a press conference Friday night.More >> Coroner releases official cause of death for transgender woman killed in Madison Co. Coroner releases official cause of death for transgender woman killed in Madison Co. Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 2:16 PM EST2017-01-06 19:16:22 GMT The Madison County Sheriff's Office received a call around 3:45 pm  that a body was in the road on Heindl Road near Old Yazoo Road, just outside the Canton city limits.More >> The Madison County Sheriff's Office received a call around 3:45 pm  that a body was in the road on Heindl Road near Old Yazoo Road, just outside the Canton city limits.More >> Upstate woman's reaction to empty bread aisle goes viral Upstate woman's reaction to empty bread aisle goes viral Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 10:10 AM EST2017-01-06 15:10:11 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 10:10 AM EST2017-01-06 15:10:11 GMT Screen shot from the video. (Courtesy: Nikki Smith) Nikki Smith said the video was filmed at the Walmart on Grandview Drive Thursday night after she saw that all the bread products were sold out.  More >> Nikki Smith said the video was filmed at the Walmart on Grandview Drive Thursday night after she saw that all the bread products were sold out. More >> weather FIRST ALERT WEATHER DAY UPDATE: Jill updates our snow/wintry mix timeline FIRST ALERT WEATHER DAY UPDATE: Jill updates our snow/wintry mix timeline Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 9:09 PM EST2017-01-07 02:09:02 GMT A WINTER STORM WARNING includes all of the WBRC First Alert viewing area except for Lamar, Fayette, Walker, Blount, Cullman, Winston and Marion which are all under a WINTER WEATHER ADVISORY.More >> A WINTER STORM WARNING includes all of the WBRC First Alert viewing area except for Lamar, Fayette, Walker, Blount, Cullman, Winston and Marion which are all under a WINTER WEATHER ADVISORY.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
GoSearch PHL17 TV Schedule Search Contact Us PHL17.com Menu 2017 Mummers Parade PHL17 Morning News Traffic Weekend Philler Contests News Tips Weather 28° 28° Low 24° High 33° Sat 17° 26° Sun 13° 26° Mon 21° 28° See complete forecast Shoppers get revenge on car taking up two parking spaces Posted 10:03 AM, December 23, 2016, by PHL17 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email BIDDEFORD, Maine — A visitor to a Wal-Mart in Maine took a photo of a car taking up two parking spaces and surrounded by shopping carts and now it’s going viral. Matthew Mills of Biddeford, Maine posted the picture on Sunday and it has since been shared thousands of times. He captioned the photo with “This guy got a lesson in parking.” Since the photo was posted, a man who says he’s a friend of the driver told WMTW-TV that it was an accident because of snow and ice and says the photo was taken after it melted. “She came into work and slid into her spot because of an icy spot and couldn’t park straight and then someone rudely put carts around her car,” the friend said. Filed in: Web Exclusives Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email 1 Comment louis11725 That is awesome!! LOL!! Serves the bum right! December 23, 2016 at 11:39 AM Comments are closed. WATCH THE NJ LOTTERY DRAWINGS LIVE Winning numbers and daily results Popular Weekend Philler Christmas Spectacular Episode 2017 Mummers Parade Results VOTE: 2017 Mummers String Band Viewers’ Choice Award VOTE: 2017 Mummers Fancy Brigade Viewers’ Choice Award Latest News Weekend Philler Christmas Spectacular Episode Woman posts beautiful, humorous pictures of her amputated foot on Instagram SeaWorld orca that killed its trainer dies VIDEO: Suspected Ikea shoplifter busted with frying pan in her leggings Inmates busted after Instagram post from New York jail goes viral Web Exclusives Woman’s stolen car returned with gas money, apology note Web Exclusives List of post-election hate crimes keeps growing Web Exclusives Boy asks mom to pack 2 lunches after noticing student with hardly any food eating alone Web Exclusives Photo of injured Chick-fil-A employee goes viral after customer shares boy’s reason for working Web Exclusives Woman proposes to girlfriend, but a 3rd woman steals show Web Exclusives Carrie Fisher’s unique obituary request was full of her humor Web Exclusives Body of Navy wife discovered 2 years after she vanished Web Exclusives ‘Goosebumps’ Dollywood employee finds burned Bible page while cleaning after wildfires Web Exclusives Woman says company drug test left her with big bald spot Web Exclusives Creepy clowns – and hoaxes – causing issues around the country Web Exclusives Men roll dead deer into Walmart in a shopping cart Web Exclusives Mom posts note closing living room for a month to keep it clean for Thanksgiving Web Exclusives Mother faces jail time after joining Facebook food group, selling her food Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 5001 Wynnefield Avenue Philadelphia, PA 19131 • Copyright © 2017, WPHL • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Obituaries Penn State Football Sports Buy & Sell Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home E-Edition Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Subscribe About Us News Local Penn State Sandusky Scandal Communities Crime Business Education Politics Public Records State Nation/World Weird News Sports Sports College Golf High School MLB Motorsports NFL NHL Outdoors Penn State State College Spikes Politics Politics Elections 2016 Penn State Sports PSU Sports PSU Football PSU Basketball PSU Baseball PSU Hockey PSU Soccer PSU Volleyball PSU Wrestling Nittany Lines Blog Penn State Football Living Living Announcements Family Pages Living Here Guide Home & Garden Entertainment Entertainment Weekender Comics Games & Puzzles Celebrities Horoscopes Movie News & Reviews Music TV Opinion Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Rentals Place An Ad Philipsburg December 23, 2016 12:44 PM Moshannon Valley YMCA provides Christmas for hundreds Emma Wagner, 6, reaches to sort food supplies during the Moshannon Valley YMCA Christmas program on Dec. 18 at the Cen-Clear Child Service building. Phoebe Sheehan psheehan@centredaily.com Mia Taylor sorts gifts during the Moshannon Valley YMCA Christmas program on Dec. 18 at the Cen-Clear Child Service building. Phoebe Sheehan psheehan@centredaily.com Scott Taylor hands Stephanie Showers gifts for sorting during the Moshannon Valley YMCA Christmas program on Dec. 18 at the Cen-Clear Child Service building. Phoebe Sheehan psheehan@centredaily.com Volunteers sort gifts during the Moshannon Valley YMCA Christmas program Dec. 18 at the Cen-Clear Child Service building. Phoebe Sheehan psheehan@centredaily.com Scott Taylor, center, gives EMT Dustin McCracken and Lydia Shively gifts for sorting during the Moshannon Valley YMCA Christmas program Dec. 18 at the Cen-Clear Child Service building. Phoebe Sheehan psheehan@centredaily.com 1 of 5 i By Lori Falce lfalce@centredaily.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story DECATUR TOWNSHIP, Clearfield County The office building near Philipsburg didn’t look much like the North Pole. There were Wal-Mart semis outside instead of sleighs. The elves were about six feet tall and debating where they should pick up pizza for lunch. The workshop was an empty room with bags organized by numbers. The one thing that seemed right on point was the little woman in the heart of it all. Judy Sinclair, in her festive sweatshirt, marshaled her forces, organized her charts and got Christmas happening for hundreds of families in need who signed up for the Christmas program at the Moshannon Valley branch of the YMCA of Centre County. On Sinclair’s detailed list were the names of 205 families. Each name corresponded to a numbered bag — some a giant festively decorated gift bag but most a simple opaque black — filled with the things that would turn a normal day into a holiday for a whole family. A coat for each family member. Some warm clothes. New socks. And a present for each child. A parade of families — mostly a parade of moms with the occasional tag-along child unaware of what was actually happening — came in to the makeshift wonderland on Monday one or two at a time. They would give Sinclair their names. She would call out the right number. One helper would dash off to grab the corresponding bag and take it to the family’s car. “Food!” Sinclair would say sometimes. Then the families that weren’t already getting a holiday dinner from another agency got a box with a turkey, 10 pounds of potatoes and more festive fixings. It’s been happening for 37 years. Sinclair says it started simply, when a local cable company ran a special one season. Donate a toy, get HBO for free. It got a lot of new HBO subscribers and a lot of toys. The cable company reached out to the Y. Did they have any idea what kids might need some toys? They did. And those few toys way back then grew and grew and grew. “I couldn’t believe it,” Howard Long, CEO of the YMCA of Centre County, said of his first year watching the Christmas program unfold in front of him. The other Centre County locations do smaller programs, but nothing like the Mo Valley event that puts toys in the hands of more than 500 kids. After the Philipsburg Y joined the Centre County overall group a few years ago, Long saw it all up close and personal and was amazed. “It’s incredible,” he said. Sinclair estimates the value of gifts, coats and food given out this year at more than $100,000, and believes that the program has given out well more than $1 million in good cheer over the years. With so many parts coming from donations from other groups, it’s hard to calculate. While the Y puts the presents in families’ hands, it gets a boost from other local groups like Kiwanis — which buys a lot of the coats when they go on sale at the end of the season — and the National Wild Turkey Federation. Plenty of the food comes from collections at Philipsburg-Osceola school concerts. “This is really a year-round thing,” Sinclair said. But why do so many people put so much effort into that one day for parents to show their kids a great holiday? “I don’t do it for the parents,” Sinclair said. “It’s all about the kids. Every kid deserves to go back to school in new clothes in January. Every kid deserves to have a new toy to take to show-and-tell. Every kid.” Lori Falce: 814-235-3910, @LoriFalce Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Philipsburg Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:56 A Dog's Tale from Jail helps inmates and furry friends Pause 1:33 James Franklin explains what cost Penn State the Rose Bowl 1:06 You've got to see how State College's ice sculptures were made 1:43 Avoid Tanning Beds to Prevent Skin Cancer 3:22 Remapping the human mesentery in a way never seen before 1:03 Malcolm Morrison gives a tour of his Aero Commander U9 1:28 Sheriff: multiple people have died in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport 1:33 Students hold #NotMyPresident protest at Penn State 0:24 Saquon Barkley thanks seniors for keeping the program together 0:24 Saquon Barkley will use loss as motivation Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago Funeral procession for Trooper Landon Weaver 2:06 a day ago Funeral procession for Trooper Landon Weaver 1:02 12 hours ago Rings trailer 3:22 2 days ago Remapping the human mesentery in a way never seen before View more video Philipsburg Fire destroys Philipsburg auto shop Osceola Mills intersection sees change in traffic signal, signage Community rallies around family who lost Rush Township home in fire Retired P-O teacher celebrates 85th birthday with ‘whole town’ Fire ignites ammunition, destroys Rush Township home Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Categories 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics Sports ESPN New York Entertainment Movie Reviews Neighborhood Eats The Trend Station Info About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Shows Live with Kelly ABC 7 Shows & Specials Live Well Network Send photos/videos here or use #abc7NY Follow Us WEATHER ALERT Winter Storm Warning Full Story WEATHER ALERT Winter Weather Advisory Full Story SHOPPING Deadline shoppers crowd stores, malls for last-minute gifts Email share share tweet email You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc7ny.com/video/embed/?pid=1671979" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Candance McCowan reports on procrastinators who hit the mall on Christmas Eve to finish their shopping WABC Saturday, December 24, 2016 ELMHURST, Queens (WABC) -- The last-minute holiday shopping rush came to its frantic conclusion Saturday, and Christmas Eve rain wasn't enough to keep procrastinators from hitting stores and malls in an effort to complete their gift lists. Shopping centers like the Queens Center Mall stayed open late to help out, as retailers across the country wheeled out the savings and cleaned house before the even steeper post-Christmas sales promotions begin. Online shipping deadlines had long passed, but many retailers offered other ways to get gifts at the last minute, whether it was staying open through the wee hours of the night like Toys R Us or offering Christmas Eve store pickup like Walmart. Many stores extended their hours in the days leading up to Christmas. Toys R Us stayed open until 9 p.m. on Christmas Eve, while Kohl's and Macy's were 24/7 over the past few days until 6 p.m. Christmas Eve. Sears closed at 6 p.m. on Christmas Eve, while Target was open until at least 10 p.m. on Christmas Eve. K-Mart and Big Lots also had extended Christmas Eve hours until 10, while most other retailers closed up shop at 6 or 7 p.m. If you couldn't make it to the mall, a quick stop at a drug or specialty store worked for many. CVS, Walgreens and Rite Aid are increasingly stocking their shelves with more toys for the little ones, and those three drugstores also have a big selection of plastic gift cards for use at other stores. Meanwhile, office supplies store Staples sells flying drones and adult coloring books, while Dick's Sporting Goods has Apple Watches, headphones and GoPro cameras. Then there were websites of some major stores that offered a way to give an instant gift, called an e-gift. It's similar to a gift card, but is supposed to be a little more personal: You choose the item you want to buy - say sneakers or a sweater - click the "E-Gift" or "GiftNow" button, pay, and then the recipient gets an email telling them you bought them a gift. The gift receiver accepts it and can make adjustments, such as changing the color or size, before it ships. Or they can just get something else entirely from the store. The service carries no extra charges to the gift giver or receiver, and is available on several websites, including Saks Fifth Avenue, Nordstrom and Ralph Lauren. The luckiest of the bunch may have been Amazon Prime members, though, as online retailer let shoppers in Miami, New York and other cities order toys, electronics and other gifts as late as 9:45 p.m. on Christmas Eve for delivery in two hours, meaning it would arrive by midnight. Still, procrastination may work in your favor if you end up not seeing a person you're shopping for until after Christmas. That's when after-holiday sales kick in. If the timing works, you'll likely pay less for a gift than you would if you had bought it before the holidays. (The Associated Press contributed to this report) Related Topics: shoppingchristmasshoppingholiday shoppingElmhurstNew York City Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 WABC-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. SHOPPING Girl uses Alexa to order doll house, cookies; parents shocked by delivery Amazon to open bookstore in Manhattan mall Macy's to close 68 stores, 2 in New York area Buying a safe space heater 7 tips for hassle-free holiday returns More Shopping Top Stories 5 dead, 8 injured in shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport What we know about the suspected Fort Lauderdale gunman Security beefed up at NY-area airports after Florida shooting PHOTOS: Scene of mass shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport Winter storm warning for eastern Long Island, parts of coastal NJ AP source: Indian Point nuclear plant to close by 2021 Putin 'Ordered' Effort to Influence US Election: Intel Report Show More New hearing held for convicted Newark schoolyard killer 'Icon of NYC nightlife' found strangled in UWS apartment LIRR engineer in crash to be tested for sleep apnea Woman found dead in East Village was strangled, coroner says Judge rebukes suspects in Facebook Live beating; Bond denied More News Top Video 5 dead, 8 injured in shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport What we know about the suspected Fort Lauderdale gunman Winter storm warning for eastern Long Island, parts of coastal NJ AccuWeather forecast for the New York area More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Categories Video Photos 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics Station Info About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Shows Live with Kelly ABC 7 Shows & Specials Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WABC-TV New York. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Categories 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics Sports ESPN New York Entertainment Movie Reviews Neighborhood Eats The Trend Station Info About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Shows Live with Kelly ABC 7 Shows & Specials Live Well Network Send photos/videos here or use #abc7NY Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WABC-TV New York
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Community News Sports Troubleshooters Investigation Entertainment Politics Art of Aging 6abc Loves the Arts Jim Gardner One-on-One Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly High School Huddle Live Well Network Laff TV Puerto Rican Panorama Join the Action! Send your pictures and videos to Action News! Follow Us BREAKING NEWS 5 dead, 8 wounded in shooting at Ft. Lauderdale airport Full Story Email share share tweet email WEATHER ALERT Winter Storm Warning Full Story WEATHER ALERT Winter Weather Advisory Full Story NEWS Police locate woman caught on camera taking dropped wallet at Walmart in New Jersey Email share share tweet email You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://6abc.com/video/embed/?pid=1668519" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> A woman in N.J. did not do the right thing when another customer at a store dropped her wallet. (Photo/Riverdale Police Department via Facebook) Friday, December 23, 2016 RIVERDALE, New Jersey -- Police say a woman seen on video picking up a wallet at a New Jersey Walmart store has been located and issued a summons, and the wallet has been returned. Riverdale police said a 15-year-old girl dropped her wallet in the store Sunday while shopping for a Christmas gift her grandmother, who had just lost her husband of 69 years three weeks ago. In her wallet was $125 cash she collected from her own birthday last week. Surveillance video showed another shopper - a woman - walk by the girl and kick the wallet away while the teen is shopping, police said. The woman is then seen picking up the wallet and leaving. Police said she didn't turn it over to Walmart staff or to law enforcement officials. On Thursday, police met with the woman seen on the video. The wallet and cash were returned, and the woman was issued a summons for theft of property lost. She was released with a future court date. Police say she is from the North Jersey area, but that due to the vast amount of social media attention and to protect the defendant, her name and location are being withheld. Related Topics: newswalmartshoppingnew jersey newsPompton Lakes Email share share tweet email Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS Witnesses Describe Screaming, 'Trail of Blood' After Gunman Opened Fire at Airport What We Know About Esteban Santiago, Suspect in Fort Lauderdale Attack 5 Dead, Multiple People Injured in Shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport President Obama 'Heartbroken' for Victims' Families After Fort Lauderdale Shooting LIVE UPDATE @ 9: Macy's to close 68 stores; 8-year-old death investigation; AccuWeather More News Top Stories 5 dead, 8 wounded in shooting at Ft. Lauderdale airport What we know about suspected Fort Lauderdale gunman AccuWeather: Glancing Nor'easter Brings More Snow Saturday LATEST MAPS: More snow expected Saturday Police: Man with sword pulls gun in Center City No civil rights charges in Wilmington deadly police shooting Local college hoops player mixes business, basketball for winning combo Show More Putin 'Ordered' Effort to Influence US Election: Intel Report Purse thief targets seniors at Main Line grocery store Cleanup continues after NE Philly water main break Judge denies bail for 4 Chicago Facebook live torture suspects Philly to pay $4.4 million to deliveryman shot by police More News Top Video AccuWeather: Glancing Nor'easter Brings More Snow Saturday 5 dead, 8 wounded in shooting at Ft. Lauderdale airport Cleanup continues after NE Philly water main break Philly to pay $4.4 million to deliveryman shot by police More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Community News Sports Troubleshooters Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly High School Huddle Live Well Network Laff TV Puerto Rican Panorama Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Community News Sports Troubleshooters About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WPVI-TV Philadelphia. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Community News Sports Troubleshooters Investigation Entertainment Politics Art of Aging 6abc Loves the Arts Jim Gardner One-on-One Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly High School Huddle Live Well Network Laff TV Puerto Rican Panorama Join the Action! Send your pictures and videos to Action News! Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WPVI-TV Philadelphia
Mayor's office, MFD, Walmart spread Christmas cheer to dozens of - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Chopper 5 Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Sports Friday Football Fever 2016 Olympic Games College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis 'Raw Travel' premieres in October on WMC Action News 5 Our local commitment In the kitchen with Chef Jeff WMC-TV 5 Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 Station History WMC-TV 5 Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Mayor's office, MFD, Walmart spread Christmas cheer to dozens of kids 2016-12-23T18:34:58Z2016-12-23T20:32:53Z By Andrew Douglas BioEmail Connect Biography adouglas@wmctv.com (Source: WMC Action News 5) MEMPHIS, TN (WMC) - Christmas came early for dozens of Memphis children Friday morning. Memphis Mayor Jim Strickland’s office, Memphis Fire Department, and Walmart teamed up to make the holidays happier for 80 kids, spreading Christmas cheer all around. “Do we have any future firefighters here?” Memphis Fire Department Director Gina Sweat asked. “Raise your hand. I hope to see some fire trucks in those baskets today that you’ll get for Christmas.” Parents were excited to see their children light up with joy. “This is a blessing,” mother of five Stacie Jackson said. “They are so excited; they don’t know what to do. They are just picking up everything they can.” A significant donation allowed Walmart on Elvis Presley Boulevard to hand out $150 to each child and firefighters helped pick out gifts for the kids. “We’re trying to make sure the community understands that we are here for the community and we want to continue to be here for the community…our support to the community,” Kendale Hutton with Walmart said. Days before Christmas, great excitement and gratitude filled the aisles for dozens of young children and their families. Copyright 2016 WMC Action News 5. All rights reserved. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Black ice remains a threat overnight after snow blankets Mid-South Black ice remains a threat overnight after snow blankets Mid-South Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:10 PM EST2017-01-07 01:10:33 GMT The first snow of 2017 gave many people in the Mid-South an early weekend. While the snow is gone, slick roads and bitterly cold air remains.More >> The first snow of 2017 gave many people in the Mid-South an early weekend. While the snow is gone, slick roads and bitterly cold air remains.More >> 2 men rob Frayser bank 2 men rob Frayser bank Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 6:32 PM EST2017-01-06 23:32:48 GMT (Source: MPD) Two men robbed a bank in Frayser, according to Memphis Police Department. More >> Two men robbed a bank in Frayser, according to Memphis Police Department.More >> breaking 'Suspicious item' temporarily closes Memphis airport checkpoint 'Suspicious item' temporarily closes Memphis airport checkpoint Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 5:23 PM EST2017-01-06 22:23:28 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) A 'suspicious item' was discovered in the B checkpoint of Memphis International Airport on Friday, according to airport officials. More >> A 'suspicious item' was discovered in the B checkpoint of Memphis International Airport on Friday, according to airport officials. More >> 13 people shot, 5 killed at Fort Lauderdale airport 13 people shot, 5 killed at Fort Lauderdale airport Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 5:21 PM EST2017-01-06 22:21:53 GMT People on the tarmac in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida. (Source: NBC News) Thirteen people were shot--eight were injured and five were killed--Friday afternoon at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. The suspected shooter is unharmed and in police custody.  More >> Thirteen people were shot--eight were injured and five were killed--Friday afternoon at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. The suspected shooter is unharmed and in police custody. More >> FedEx delays expected nationally due to Mid-South snow FedEx delays expected nationally due to Mid-South snow Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 5:20 PM EST2017-01-06 22:20:23 GMT FedEx airplane taking off Friday morning. (Source: Memphis International Airport) FedEx Express said customers around the U.S. may experience some delays in deliveries Friday. More >> FedEx Express said customers around the U.S. may experience some delays in deliveries Friday.More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> 5 killed, 8 hospitalized in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman in custody 5 killed, 8 hospitalized in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman in custody Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 1:15 PM EST2017-01-06 18:15:58 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:07 PM EST2017-01-07 01:07:56 GMT Suspect in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting unpacked firearm in checked bag, loaded it in bathroom and returned to open fire on a baggage-claim area. More >> Suspect in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting unpacked firearm in checked bag, loaded it in bathroom and returned to open fire on a baggage-claim area.More >> Judge rebukes suspects in beating of disabled man in Chicago Judge rebukes suspects in beating of disabled man in Chicago Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 7:00 PM EST2017-01-07 00:00:33 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 7:00 PM EST2017-01-07 00:00:33 GMT The two 18-year-olds had been schoolmates, police say. After meeting at McDonald's, they spent two days together, driving around visiting friends. Then a pretend fight between them escalated into a brutal beating. More >> A judge rebuked four black people accused of beating a mentally disabled white man and broadcasting the attack on Facebook, sternly asking, "Where was your sense of decency?" before denying their attorneys' pleas to...More >> Report: 3 kids watched movie as parents lay dead outside SUV Report: 3 kids watched movie as parents lay dead outside SUV Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 12:32 PM EST2017-01-06 17:32:55 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 12:32 PM EST2017-01-06 17:32:55 GMT Investigators say they don't know why a couple found dead outside their still-running SUV had stopped along Interstate 4 near Daytona Beach early on New Year's Eve with their three young sons safely strapped in the vehicle. More >> Investigators say they don't know why a couple found dead outside their still-running SUV had stopped along Interstate 4 near Daytona Beach early on New Year's Eve with their three young sons safely strapped in...More >> LA sheriff's deputy saves cat trapped in garage door LA sheriff's deputy saves cat trapped in garage door Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 2:44 PM EST2017-01-06 19:44:45 GMT Bella the cat nearly lost her life when she became lodged in a garage door in Ascension Parish, LA. Source: Ascension Parish Sheriff's Department. It's the story everyone knows and loves; A law enforcement officer saves a stranded cat from a tree, and then reunites the family with their furry loved one.Except, that isn't at all what happened in Ascension Parish.  More >> It's the story everyone knows and loves; A law enforcement officer saves a stranded cat from a tree, and then reunites the family with their furry loved one.Except, that isn't at all what happened in Ascension Parish. More >> Officials: Seat with possible human remains recovered in plane crash wreckage Officials: Seat with possible human remains recovered in plane crash wreckage Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:41 PM EST2017-01-07 01:41:40 GMT A seat with possible human remains has been recovered in the search for a missing plane in Lake Erie, officials said during a press conference Friday night. More >> A seat with possible human remains has been recovered in the search for a missing plane in Lake Erie, officials said during a press conference Friday night.More >> Coroner releases official cause of death for transgender woman killed in Madison Co. Coroner releases official cause of death for transgender woman killed in Madison Co. Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 2:16 PM EST2017-01-06 19:16:22 GMT The Madison County Sheriff's Office received a call around 3:45 pm  that a body was in the road on Heindl Road near Old Yazoo Road, just outside the Canton city limits.More >> The Madison County Sheriff's Office received a call around 3:45 pm  that a body was in the road on Heindl Road near Old Yazoo Road, just outside the Canton city limits.More >> Upstate woman's reaction to empty bread aisle goes viral Upstate woman's reaction to empty bread aisle goes viral Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 10:10 AM EST2017-01-06 15:10:11 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 10:10 AM EST2017-01-06 15:10:11 GMT Screen shot from the video. (Courtesy: Nikki Smith) Nikki Smith said the video was filmed at the Walmart on Grandview Drive Thursday night after she saw that all the bread products were sold out.  More >> Nikki Smith said the video was filmed at the Walmart on Grandview Drive Thursday night after she saw that all the bread products were sold out. More >> weather FIRST ALERT WEATHER DAY UPDATE: Jill updates our snow/wintry mix timeline FIRST ALERT WEATHER DAY UPDATE: Jill updates our snow/wintry mix timeline Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 9:09 PM EST2017-01-07 02:09:02 GMT A WINTER STORM WARNING includes all of the WBRC First Alert viewing area except for Lamar, Fayette, Walker, Blount, Cullman, Winston and Marion which are all under a WINTER WEATHER ADVISORY.More >> A WINTER STORM WARNING includes all of the WBRC First Alert viewing area except for Lamar, Fayette, Walker, Blount, Cullman, Winston and Marion which are all under a WINTER WEATHER ADVISORY.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Football Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Girls Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Baseball Softball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Water Polo Girls Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Warm the Children helps Ypsilanti siblings bundle up for winter Print Email Jessica Haynes | jhaynes1@mlive.com By Jessica Haynes | jhaynes1@mlive.com The Ann Arbor News Email the author | Follow on Twitter on December 23, 2016 at 2:45 PM comments SALINE, MI - Four siblings are better prepared for Michigan's winter season, thanks to the Warm the Children campaign.  Ypsilanti residents Tiana and Juwone Phelan brought their children to shop for cold-weather gear and a few other items at the Walmart at 7000 E. Michigan Ave. in Saline as part of Warm the Children, a program that provides children with winter clothes. Siblings Juwone, 12; Tyana, 10; Jaylen, 9; and Tiera, 5, waited patiently as their mom zipped up coats and helped them to try on boots. The Phelan's youngest daughter, 3-year-old Ta'Nya, sat in a cart as the older siblings finished their shopping. Mary Stewart is the campaign's program coordinator in Washtenaw and Livingston counties, and was there to help the children try on coats. Stewart's father, Mack W. Stewart, was a publisher of a newspaper in Connecticut when he was inspired to start the Warm the Children campaign after seeing some children waiting for the school bus in clothing that did little to protect them from the elements. Since 1988, the national initiative has connected local newspapers and service organizations to raise donations to provide warm winter clothing for local children. The program for Washtenaw and Livingston counties recently secured a new partnership with the Kiwanis Club and Foundation of Ann Arbor. The Kiwanis Club has aided the Warm the Children campaign over the past several years through volunteers who assist children with shopping for winter clothing items. Warm the Children continues with support from Ann Arbor's Kiwanis Club The Ann Arbor group is one of many Kiwanis organizations across the United States that participate and partner with the Warm the Children campaign, Stewart said.   "I'm excited to partner with them to sponsor the program. They are so well-known in the community," Stewart said. "They've done it for years, they've shopped with the families and see how much it means to the family to have warm clothes for the kids." For the Phelan family, the Warm the Children campaign has been a big help in getting their children ready for the Michigan winter. "It seems like every year, we got to get some more boots," said their father, Juwone Phelan, noting how fast the children grow and then outgrow their clothing. "It means a lot." Phelan is happy to be home with his family for Christmas; he said he is on dialysis and recently finished chemotherapy. "Just being with the family," Phelan said when asked about his plans for the weekend, adding that they are going to visit family and share a holiday meal together. As their mother finished up shopping, the younger Juwone talked about wanting a hover board for Christmas. He tried one before and liked the experience.  "I went pretty far," Juwone said. His brother, Jaylen, said he asked Santa Claus for a Lego Dimensions video game featuring some of his favorite characters, like Batman and Robin. Reaching into the cart, he showed off a Minecraft shirt he picked out himself. Walmart Assistant Manager Denise Jones scanned the items for the Phelan family as Stewart placed their purchases in bags to take home and celebrate over the Christmas weekend. Jones has seen around 1,700 children come through Walmart and pick out a new coat or winter boots as part of Warm the Children. It is a program she and Walmart are happy to support, even organizing smaller items like gloves and socks so the children were able to reach the $90 voucher limit on items. "This year, we were all prepared for it," Jones said. "We love the program, it's such a good program." The children are planning to wear their new pajamas Christmas Eve, with Tyana especially excited about her hot pink Hello Kitty pajamas, and went up to thank Stewart, a smile on her face as she spoke to each one. The family exchanged hugs with Stewart and wished everyone a merry Christmas as they left Walmart to get ready for the holiday weekend. "Merry Christmas!" shouted Ta'Nya from her spot in the shopping cart.  The Ann Arbor Area Community Foundation and Old National Bank are sponsors of the Warm the Children campaign this year. The Warm the Children campaign is accepting donations for next year's program. Those interested in contributing can visit the Ann Arbor Area Community Foundation site and see how they can donate. Detroit Auto Show Rundown of vehicle unveilings Early peek at the auto show floor Ram 1500 special edition to debut at auto show Complete coverage » Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1802 comments Featured Guns Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCR .327 Federal Magnum 3:13 PM 11/28/2016 Gun Test: Arex Rex Zero 1S Pistol 10:16 AM 11/23/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Handgun 4:22 PM 11/18/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Wal-Mart greeter, sole survivor of fatal crash among top 10 most-shared stories in Freeport Friday Dec 23, 2016 at 3:48 PM Dec 24, 2016 at 12:11 AM Sarah Wolf Staff writer @sarahcrieswolf A Freeport man with his own History Channel reality show, a firefighter accused of arson and a new Dunkin Donuts location were also popular posts in 2016. Here's a look at The Journal-Standard articles that were shared on social media the most. Top 10 most-shared stories of 2016 1. Freeport man and his boat star in new History Channel show: Ike Hastings has been building boats since he was in second grade. In his 90 years, the Freeport man has built 47 boats. It was the 47th boat that caught the attention of History Channel producers. They spent a month with Hastings on his 100-foot-long paddle-wheeler, the Pickett Hastings, and wrote a season of episodes for a new show called "Mississippi Men," which premiered Jan. 28. 2. Good Morning: Wal-Mart greeter loves to put a smile on shoppers' faces: Wal-Mart greeter Angela Niemann of Lena, a favorite among shoppers, said she loves her job because making other people happy makes her happy. 3. Survivor of crash that killed three Freeport family members said he 'woke up to the car doing flips': Damarcus Strong, 21, was the sole survivor of a fiery accident March 7 on U.S. 20, half a mile west of Pecatonica Road. The crash killed his two friends — brothers Jonathan White, 19, and Darryl Cleveland, 16 — and the teens' mother, Delilah Cleveland, 41. 4. Good Morning: Customer service goes a long way for 'Grandma Culver's': For the past 17 years, Sharon Kuhlemeier of Afolkey has put a smile on customers' faces at the Culver's restaurant in Freeport. The 74-year-old woman is known for singing "Happy Birthday" to children on their special day. 5. Orangeville firefighter accused of arson; authorities said Eleroy fire unrelated: Kenneth L. Grabow, 20, of Orangeville, was charged with six counts of criminal damage to property and four counts of arson in connection with five fires in the Orangeville area. Arson is a Class 2 felony typically punishable with probation or up to seven years in prison. 6. All-area athletes for June 20 banquet featuring guest speaker Dan Marino: Top athletes and coaches in the Rock River Valley were celebrated with a banquet at Giovanni's in Rockford on June 20. The highlight of this year's banquet, sponsored by Mercyhealth, was the guest speaker — NFL great and Hall of Famer Dan Marino. 7. Dunkin Donuts coming to former Sonic building in Freeport: The coffee and doughnut company contacted Freeport officials in December 2015 about joining the community. In January, the company contacted the city again to discuss about $140,000 in construction. 8. Freeport mom, two sons identified as victims in fatal U.S. 20 crash: This was the initial article about the fatal crash that was the basis for No. 3. 9. Missing Freeport boy found safe: Abraham Baase, 13, was found Sept. 21 after disappearing Sept. 18. A passerby saw Baase walking on South Street in Freeport and contacted authorities, who reunited him with his family. 10. Grassroots organization may bring new racetrack to Freeport: Shifting Gears, an organization started by four community members, kicked into high gear in March, proposing much more than a racetrack, including a boat-racing pond, concrete go-kart track, campground and truck stop. Sarah Wolf: 815-987-1283; swolf@rrstar.com; @sarahcrieswolf Vote for top stories Head to tinyurl.com/TopStories2016 to vote for your favorite Journal-Standard stories of 2016. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Purchase Photos E-Edition Contact Us Gas Prices Submit News Weddings Engagements Anniversaries Market Place Classifieds Cars Rentals Coupons Community Info City of Freeport Stephenson County Carroll County Ogle County Jo Daviess County Sports iHigh IHSA HighSchoolSports.net Sign up for our Daily Deals Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Journal Standard ~ 50 West Douglas Street #900, Freeport, IL 61032 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Public Safety Government Education Nation & World State 815 Columns Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Gridiron (Prep Football) Preps College Professional UPICK'EM Auto Racing Entertainment Advice Life Celebrations Columnists TV Guide Calendar Opinion Our View Freeport Chuck Sweeny Guest Columns Letters Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Rebuilding Neighborhoods Season of Giving Freeport Favorites Made in NW Illinois RRV Insider TV Book Contests Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Business Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Satire Movies Music TV & Radio TV Guide Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Home Business Retail December 24 2016 Save Print Retail revolution: How a superhero toy could change the Australian landscape Catie Low Contact via Email Follow on Twitter Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Meet the Ooshies. They're superheros, only smaller, cuter and squashier. And there's a small army of these little guys headed for a Christmas stocking near you. Dreamed-up as a collectable set of ''pen toppers'' based on comic characters, the increasingly popular kids collectable has thrust Australian toy company Headstart International into the global playground, where it's vying for popularity alongside superstars Shopkins and the top selling Hatchimals. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Joyce sympathetic, not sorry Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:22 More National News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:39 Shopkins: the world's most popular toy Shopkins: the world's most popular toy With over 600 million units sold in countries all over the world, we asked kids what they liked about the South Melbourne designed plastic toys. Up Next Joyce sympathetic, not sorry Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:22 Video duration 01:22 Joyce sympathetic, not sorry Joyce sympathetic, not sorry There's been no apology from the Deputy PM over the Centrelink debt recovery saga, with Barnaby Joyce saying it's a necessary process to recoup money people aren't entitled to. Up Next Timelapse: The bomb disposal robot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:17 Video duration 02:17 Timelapse: The bomb disposal robot Timelapse: The bomb disposal robot After a bomb scare in Melbourne's CBD on Friday night, police deployed the bomb disposal robot to investigate the abandoned package. Up Next Australia's itty-bitty space program Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:53 Video duration 01:53 Australia's itty-bitty space program Australia's itty-bitty space program Cubesats are about to redefine the way we study the planet from space, and Australia is at the forefront of the burgeoning industry. Up Next The tennis match in question Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:51 Video duration 00:51 The tennis match in question The tennis match in question Police allege 18-year-old Australian tennis champ Oliver Anderson fixed this match at the Traralgon Challenger tournament last October. Up Next Minister's expensive impulse buy Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:32 Video duration 01:32 Minister's expensive impulse buy Minister's expensive impulse buy There are calls for Health Minister Sussan Ley to be sacked after revelations she bought a unit on the Gold Coast, while on a taxpayer funded trip with her husband. Up Next Essendon offers support following Hird health scare Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:32 Video duration 01:32 Essendon offers support following Hird ... Essendon offers support following Hird health scare Following a suspected overdose, players showed up to training and kept mum about their distressed coach. Vision courtesy Seven News, Melbourne. Up Next Queenslander wins $55 million Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:38 Video duration 01:38 Queenslander wins $55 million Queenslander wins $55 million A lucky Queenslander has scooped the entire $55 million in Powerball on Thursday night. More videos Shopkins: the world's most popular toy With over 600 million units sold in countries all over the world, we asked kids what they liked about the South Melbourne designed plastic toys. By the time most of us are cramming the Christmas wrapping paper into the rubbish and regretting that third serve of turkey, more than 2 million Ooshies will have been sold through Australian retail chains, as well as US and British retail behemoths such as Target and Walmart and Amazon. But the real power of these tiny comic book collectables is what they represent, an Australian business that has adapted to a rapidly changing retail landscape. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Illustration: Simon Bosch.  It's responded to a retail revolution spearheaded by tech giant Amazon that threatens to unpick the fabric of traditional retail and stitch it back together as a consumer-led movement peopled by companies and brands that most of us have never even heard of yet. What the toys can teach retail is the value of agility and that big rewards are the pay off for big risks. Advertisement From shipping to shaping Headstart International's Ooshie toys are proving a Christmas hit. Ooshies only hit the supermarket shelves in May but Headstart's creative team is already working on new accessories, including "environments", which will be quickly developed and distributed around the world. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link The increasingly popular kids collectable has thrust Headstart International into the global playground.  "Because of our success we have committed to another four concepts and we are well under way with that," Headstart International's executive chairman David Hendy said. "Internationally this has suddenly given us credibility ... and in the next six months we will be selling Ooshies to the rest of the world." What's even more interesting than the Ooshie phenomenon is how these shrunk superheros fit into the evolution of Headstart, a business that up until three years ago was a distributor for the major licensed brands such as Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, StarWars and Bratz. The turning point for Headstart was Guy Russo's transformation of the Kmart chain, a turnaround that radically reduced the number of brands the chain carried and also increased its direct sourcing of product. JB Hi-Fi, Harvey Norman and Myer are most at risk from Amazon's launch in Australia. Citi research note It's a trend that has permeated the entire discount department store sector as well as the broader retail market, as supermarkets, department stores and apparel chains battle the rising tide of costs. At the same time, Headstart, along with competitors such as Hunter Products, was watching the big toy companies take back control of their international distribution operations. They set up their own Australian offices and turned off the commission tap on big-name brands. Hendy saw the writing on the wall and established an in-house design team to create toy concepts and nurture a new revenue stream. "Prior to a couple of years ago, all we were doing was distributing [toys] for Australia," Hendy says. "When all the retailers made major changes, we thought perhaps we should make some changes too." The creative department is now Headstart's biggest team and Hendy is convinced the business is on the right track, despite the intense focus on price at Australia's major supermarket chains Coles and Woolworths as well as concerns over the future of the discount department store chains. "I'm sure a lot of people want price but when you get to toys it's more than just price," Hendy says. "It's about the product, it's about the brand, and in Australia compared to other parts of the world we've moved more quickly into price." Hunter Products distributes merchandise for some of the leading children's brands, including pester-power favourite Peppa Pig and Paw Patrol as well as sporting and outdoor lines such as Lance Franklin's Buddy Ball. However it's also investing in its own product lines and nurturing an overseas client network to diversify its revenue base. "We have learned to adapt to the requirements of the major retailers in Australia and maximise our opportunities here," Hunter's James Hunter says. "In addition, we have taken significant steps to diversify and develop our own products for the world market. "We have successfully shipped product to over 35 countries around the world and we were thrilled to ship our first products to customers in the United States in 2016. "There is no doubt tough times require businesses to think outside of their own small backyard and we are continuing to do that in looking at new opportunities and ideas." Endangered discounters Moose Toys CEO Paul Solomon. Photo: Simon Schluter Target's decision to abandon its toy sale this year had an impact on all of Australia's toy operators, who relied on the annual sale to get a "read" on the hot products for Christmas and adjust their order and supply chain accordingly. At the release of its first-quarter sales in October, Wesfarmers department store chief Guy Russo revealed the decision to cancel the annual toy sale cost it $75 million in lost toy sales at Target, as well as sales from adjacent categories such as kidswear. Target lost $50 million in 2016 and it's on track to post another big loss in the 2017 financial year after its same-store sales plunged 22 per cent in the September quarter and total sales fell 17 per cent to $643 million, suggesting the turnaround had stalled. The results have not shifted Russo's commitment to an every-day low price model at Target, the same model he instigated at Kmart. For now, insiders report it's working on a hybrid high-low, everyday low pricing model and making slow work of moving to the new pricing structure. Suppliers tell a slightly different story, reporting Target buyers were "highly motivated" to drive sales in the vital Christmas period and use any measure to move stock off the shelves, including discounting. Analysts are sceptical about whether Russo can turn Target around, with or without a toy sale. One retail insider has urged him to return Target to its "fashion roots" in 2017 and create a distinctly different identity to its fellow discount trader Kmart. The discount department stores are the "most endangered" species in the retail ecosystem, according to retail analyst Steve Kulmar, especially with Amazon on the horizon. Toy distributors claim Big W is enjoying a late surge in Christmas toy sales, but the outlook for the chain is uncertain after the jarring departure of chief Sally Macdonald in November, less than one year into the job. The star of Australia's toy sector is Moose Toys, which has turned its wildly popular Shopkins collectable into a global empire that's poised to take new territory as it rolls out licence agreements across multiple retail sectors, including apparel and even food. Co-chief Paul Solomon is confident there's a big role for bricks and mortar retailers but he believes the innovation that is at the heart of Moose can also future-proof Australia's big name chains. "Online is having a big impact on what's going on out there as have the international arrivals," Solomon says. "There's definitely a role for bricks and mortar retailers and a market for them but they've got to have a reason for being, a point of difference, something that's going to set them apart from the competition. "And that's the same for us." Shopkins phenomenon Moose's wildly popular Shopkins characters were named the Toy Industry Association's Girl Toy of the Year in 2015 and its Little Live Pets "Snuggles" puppy was the No.1 selling toy in Australia last week and destined to be sold out by Christmas Eve. Not bad for a business that was teetering on the brink of collapse in 2007 after it was engulfed in a scandal over traces of a "date rape" drug in its Bindeez craft kit toy. Nine years later, it's transformed Shopkins into an international lifestyle brand with a global following and significant growth potential but it's not chasing growth at any cost. "It's not necessarily about being everywhere, it's about being with the right retailers," Solomon says. "We are focused on creating great toys and helping our retail partners. "The industry we are in is truly magical, we are selling our toys to adults who get to give those toys to kids and that makes adults smile as well." Solomon said Moose prides itself on its partnerships with its retailers, including the major supermarket chains and discount department stores in Australia as well as US giants, including Target, Walmart and Toys "R" Us. Moose's financial results reflect the runaway success of its Australian-designed products, supporting a $57 million full-year net profit in fiscal 2016, a big jump from its $21 million net profit result a year earlier. The genius of collectables is they bring kids (and their parents) back to retailers again and again to expand or update their collection, building ant trails to the major bricks and mortar retailers as well as online operators like Amazon. Bring on Amazon The digital giant is expected to make landfall in Australia as early as next February and take a $4 billion bite out of Australia's retail revenue, a sector already under pressure from the exchange rate, labour costs as well as competition from online and international brands. Amazon Web Services staff have been working out of an office in Sydney for the past six months and some analysts claim Amazon could launch its Prime service as early as February next year followed by fresh food later in the calendar year. But not everyone is frightened of the US behemoth. Suppliers are excited, not anxious. They're counting down the days until they can sell through another major channel in what is a highly concentrated market. Headstart already sells its lines, including Ooshies, through Amazon in other parts of the world and Hendy believes an Australian launch is an "opportunity". "From my experience with Amazon in other countries, they buy locally and have depth in their range," Hendy says. "In Australia for a long time we've just had retail monopolies." The collapse of Dick Smith, the closure of Masters and the sale of The Good Guys have concentrated retail ownership across a number of influential sectors in Australia. JB Hi-Fi's $870 million purchase of The Good Guys chain in September reduced the appliance and electronics markets to an arm wrestle between JB Hi-Fi and Gerry Harvey's Harvey Norman. Woolworths' decision to finally draw a line under its massive losses from its disastrous Masters hardware chain left Wesfarmers' Bunnings in charge of the hardware market as Metcash finalises the integration of its Mitre 10 store network with the Home chain. Australia's grocery sector is where the concentration of ownership hits its high notes. This might explain why Coles' owner Wesfarmers and its chief Richard Goyder have been so vociferous in their commentary about Amazon. Coles' same-stores sales grew at their lowest level in seven years in the September quarter, and after years of double-digit gains, earnings growth has also slowed. Analysts suggest Coles may be on track to endure its first decline in earnings since Wesfarmers added the supermarket chain to its conglomerate in 2008, as the Woolworths turnaround gains momentum and competition from Aldi's new territories intensifies. But the business that successfully saw off Woolworthss epically unsuccessful assault on hardware cannot be underestimated. Goyder has been warning Australian retail to shape up for Amazon's arrival for years and Woolworths chairman Gordon Cairns revealed at its recent annual meeting that Australia's biggest supermarket chain had set up an internal "unit" to analyse this significant shift in Australian retail. The Woolworths Food Digital unit includes Tristan Butt, a former Amazon staffer, who moved to the team in November after heading up Woolworths' health, beauty and baby team for two years. In a letter to suppliers, Woolworths said Butt would help to "strengthen the collaboration" between its increasingly important online business with its commercial team. A recent Citi recent research note suggests JB Hi-Fi, Harvey Norman and Myer are most at risk from Amazon's launch in Australia, with the broker's head of research Craig Woolford suggesting JB Hi-Fi's earnings before interest and tax could track backwards by as much as 23 per cent. You won't hear any of this fear-mongering on the supply side of retail, especially not the grocery suppliers who are eagerly awaiting the arrival of the master disrupter. One supermarket supplier, who would only talk on the basis of anonymity, said he had already appointed a staff member to determine what Amazon might do to the Australian grocery market. He plans to take a look at Amazon's high-tech Seattle store as soon as possible, to get a clear idea of its bricks and mortar strategy. "Amazon's motto is 'your margin is our opportunity' and Coles and Woolworths are still the most profitable supermarkets in the world," the supplier says. He is optimistic about partnering with Amazon but he knows the supermarkets will have their game plan too and they're not going to get caught out by underestimating the global retailer. "They've learnt from the issues they've had with Aldi, which now has 12.5 per cent market share," says the supplier. The supermarkets won't make the same mistake they made with Aldi, they're not going to get caught out by underestimating Amazon. "If it doesn't happen in 2017 or 2018, it will happen sometime soon without a doubt and everyone from suppliers to retailers are reacting." Shopping for change The timing of Amazon's expected arrival coincides with a significant shift in social values in Australia and a move away from an era of social conservatism, according to research group Colmar Brunton. Research director Peter Kenny says the move to the so-called "rebellion" phase has big ramifications for retailers, particularly given the focus on price at the major retail chains in Australia. "There's a lot of discussion around price with campaigns like Coles' Down Down but people are not feeling like their products are getting cheaper," says Kenny. "We are going to see a willingness to change ... the next point on the [social] clock is the word 'better' and so people will look for a better way to do things. "It's already creeping into advertising with companies offering better financial services, better insurance, better milk products." Kenny says retailers need to think about another way to meet consumers' needs that is not just about price, including the supermarkets. "There's a battle about to come between Amazon, Alibaba and other new players that haven't even got to the market yet," Kenny says. "It won't be 2017 but in the years ahead there will be so many alternative channel options and they will be providing all sorts of new services. "And when they come, we will be very much in a period of reshaping the establishment model, which will affect all the retailers." Kenny claims too many of Australia's big retail brands have been doing too much of the same thing for too long. But former David Jones chief Paul Zahra argues these are big ships to turn around. Zahra, who is PwC's global retail adviser said both Target and Big W had to decide where they wanted to "play" in 2017, in a market where Wesfarmers' Kmart has already staked a claim on the lowest prices. "Suppliers complain retailers are myopically focused on price but that's because price is where the customer is as well," Zahra says. "It's much easier for a supplier to react than a retailer with a large workforce." SourceHub operates in the electronics market, developing and distributing private label product that is sold through traditional retail and online channels. The business has pushed into the international market in the past few years and offshore customers now represent about 40 per cent of its sales. "We pushed into Walmart because of the changes to retail in Australia," chief Vanessa Garrard says. "For us the growth had to come from leveraging into other countries." SourceHub has also focused on developing its own apps to sell to retailers along with popular consumer products. Garrard says for retailers like the discount department stores to survive they have to collaborate with suppliers and recognise that consumers are hungry for unique products. "It's naive [for the retailers] to think sourcing the same products from the same trade shows is a sustainable model," Garrard says. "I'm working through a major supermarket submission at the moment and the range is exactly the same as what's going into every other retailer, so it's just price fighting." And this is the challenge for Australian retail as Christmas bleeds into the new year, Boxing Day sales and the launch of yet another new season. Price alone will not buy consumer loyalty and that's a problem even a pocket-sized super hero can't solve. 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia Centrelink Phone Lines Jammed, People ... Contains: External link Sussan Ley Bought A Gold Coast Flat ... Contains: External link Most Popular Jamie Oliver shuts six UK restaurants in Brexit squeeze Oversupply of doctors to hit this year amid calls to halt imports Interest rate cuts not win-win for all Is 2017 the year the scales tip? Boosted by Apple, Wall Street parties like it's 19,999 Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Jamie Oliver shuts six UK restaurants in Brexit squeeze Oversupply of doctors to hit this year amid calls to halt imports Dreamworld takes $6m ticket hit after tragedy Interest rate cuts not win-win for all Is 2017 the year the scales tip? Canberra Times Man dies after injury at Summernats Funnel web spider bites Southern Highlands woman in bed 'Top bloke': Luke Newsome's fatal fall from ute at Summernats Tania Hird breaks her silence on husband James Hird's overdose The remarkable work of surgeons who saved Sarah's hand The Sydney Morning Herald Multiple fatalities, injuries in shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport, Florida Funnel web spider bites Southern Highlands woman in bed Rove and Sam never stood a chance Saturday passenger numbers drop after Opal card changes Rove McManus and Sam Frost booted off 2DAY FM breakfast show The Age Tania Hird breaks her silence on husband James Hird's overdose Great white sharks spotted on Great Ocean Road, beaches closed 'Biggest typo ever': Washington Post in front page clanger Multiple fatalities, injuries in shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport, Florida Spencer Street reopened after suspicious package closes down west end for three hours Brisbane Times 21 govt workers share in $55m Powerball win Toyota shares drop after targeted by Trump over Mexico manufacturing Qld teacher banned after sex with student during school hours Hammerhead shark caught at mouth of Brisbane River Advocacy group for small business criticises new $200K industry champion WA Today Bikers and Bunbury community rev up to grant Zane's birthday wish Tania Hird breaks her silence on husband James Hird's overdose Police remove fishing wire strung across Perth street 'Roadway lunacy' captured on camera in WA Family mourns teenager Wesley Ballantine, killed on Perth work site Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Share 50 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-06 ‘Yuri On Ice’ Story Isn’t Ripped-Off For ‘Love On Ice’? Hallmark Channel Responds To Plagiarism Claims By Fans Of Yuri And Victor’s Story Entertainment 2017-01-06 George R. R. Martin Still Silent About ‘The Winds Of Winter,’ 2017 Release Date Might Happen Entertainment 2017-01-05 Inauguration Day 2017 Entertainment Update: Trump Struggles To Get Performers While Obama’s Farewell Party Is Already Filled To The Brim Entertainment 2017-01-05 Winning Floats From 2017 Rose Parade News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-06 Charles Manson Too Risky For Surgery, Back To Prison? News 2017-01-06 Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting: How Did Esteban Santiago Get Through Security With A Gun In His Checked Luggage? News 2017-01-06 Dylann Roof: Full Transcript Of Charleston Church Shooter’s Opening Statement News 2017-01-06 Michelle Obama Makes Tearful Promise To Young People In Moving Final Speech As FLOTUS [Video] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Big Update On Shelton Benjamin’s WWE Return, Veteran Says He Won’t Be At ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: NJPW Star Kenny Omega Says He Is Stepping Away From Japan, Possible WWE Jump Upcoming? Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Goldberg To Wrestle At ‘Fastlane’ In Marquee Match Set Up On ‘RAW’ Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: WWE Determined To Make WrestleMania 33 Main Event Great After Watching Wrestle Kingdom 11 Main Event Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-06 Coca-Cola Sued For Marketing Deception, What Are The Long Term Health Effects Of Sugary Drinks? Health 2017-01-05 Mysterious Marijuana Illness Spikes In Legalized States Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Health 2017-01-01 FDA Warns Pregnant Women Of High Rate Of False Positives For Zika Test: Less Than Half Of Positive ZIKV Detect Test Samples Actually Had Zika Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-06 Steam Compatible Controllers Expanding: Soon PC Gamers Can Use Console Input Devices With All Games Gaming 2017-01-06 The ‘Shenmue 3’ Release Date Is Happening, But An HD Remaster? ‘Shenmue HD’ Domain Grabbed By Sega Europe Gaming 2017-01-06 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ 1.6 Update: Reddit User Finds Dark Zone Leaderboard, Possible PTS Date Hint, And Microtransactions In The Future? [Rumors] Gaming 2017-01-06 ‘Destiny’: Xur’s Exotic Goods For Jan. 6, Three Of Coins Returns BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-06 ‘Black Twitter’ Roasts ‘Yahoo Finance’ For N-Word Twitter Typo: ‘Trump Wants A Much N***** Navy’ Screenshot Trends BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Golden Globe Awards 2017: Who Will Win And Where To Watch? BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Zombie Outbreak Would Kill Nearly All Humanity In 100 Days, UK Scientists Claim BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Trump’s New Hair Photo: Combed-Back Hairstyle In Instagram Pic Makes Trump Look ‘Presidential’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss 2016 Christmas Hours: What Hours Are Stores And Restaurants Open On Christmas Day And Night? Are Any Banks Open? Shopping 50 0 0 December 23, 2016 2016 Christmas Hours: What Hours Are Stores And Restaurants Open On Christmas Day And Night? Are Any Banks Open? Danny Cox Christmas Day and into the night will be a time for those wanting to be with their friends, family, and loved ones so that they can enjoy gifts, togetherness, and great food. While it should be a day for either being at home with loved ones or traveling to see them, there are those times you need to head out and pick up one or two or 20 things. Here are the stores and restaurants you can visit or head out to and their hours on Christmas Day 2016. While many are about to start watching for the bearded man in the red suit on Santa Trackers, others will be heading out to get last-minute gifts or items for Christmas meals. If you’re planning on doing any kind of end-of-the-holiday gathering, you may want to do it early because there won’t be a lot open on Christmas Day itself. One big word of warning is to always call ahead to your local store or restaurant and make sure it is open before driving out to it. Not all branches or locations will always have their doors unlocked on Christmas so be prepared for a lot of closures. Stores Closed on Christmas Day 2016: Academy Sports Apple Store Bed, Bath & Beyond Best Buy Big Lots BJ’s Wholesale Club Costco Dollar General GameStop Gap Hobby Lobby IKEA JCPenney Kmart Kohl’s Macy’s Marshalls Meijer Michaels Nordstrom Old Navy Office Depot/Office Max Publix REI Sears Staples Target TJ Maxx Toys ‘R Us Walmart [Image by Joe Raedle/Getty Images] The majority to all of those stores will be open starting on Dec. 26, and that is when the ever-popular “Day After Christmas” sales will start, but not on the holiday. A few places will be open, though, and that is pretty much limited to pharmacies, some groceries, and a number of convenience stores. As reported by the New York Times, places like Walmart (6 p.m.) and Target (10 or 11 p.m.) will close early on Christmas Eve and be closed all the way through Christmas. Kohl’s is still open 24 hours and going until either 6 or 7 p.m. on Christmas Eve. Grocery Stores and Pharmacies open on Christmas Day 2016: Albertsons: 10 a.m. – 4 p.m. CVS Family Dollar Kroger Rite Aid Walgreens 7-Eleven Now, there are going to be those who celebrated with a big lunch or dinner with their families on Christmas Eve. That could leave you without a celebratory meal on Christmas day or night and have you wondering what to do to quench your hunger pains. Maybe you won’t feel like cooking another big meal or anything at all, and the option to go out to eat is still there. Well, the possibility is there but there aren’t many options as a number of restaurants will indeed be closed for the holiday. Due to many restaurants being franchised out, there are even those who may have one location open but not another. Always call ahead to your nearest location to make sure they’re open before venturing out on Christmas. That is especially true for restaurants and while it would be great to have a home-cooked meal, sometimes, that just isn’t possible. Here are the restaurants that are open on Christmas Day 2016: Applebee’s Baskin-Robbins (Closing early) Boston Market Buca di Beppo Buffalo Wild Wings Denny’s Dominos Dunkin’ Donuts (Some locations open) Golden Corral IHOP Jack in the Box McDonald’s Panda Express Perkins Pizza Hut Ruby Tuesday Ruth’s Chris Steak House Sizzler Sonic Drive-In Starbucks Coffee (Not all locations will open) Subway Waffle House [Image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images] Now, there is one other business that a lot of people end up worrying about when it comes to Christmas Eve and Christmas Day and that is their bank. Believe it or not, there will be 23 different banks open on Christmas Eve, according to Go Banking Rates, but make sure to check with your local branch for exact hours. On Christmas Day, no banks will be open, as it is one of the 10 holidays recognized by the Federal Reserve. They are set to reopen for business on Monday, Dec. 26, and get things back into working order before the New Year’s Eve weekend. Store and restaurant hours are going to be extremely limited to nonexistent on Christmas Day 2016 in many locations. Even on Christmas Eve, there will be stores, restaurants, and other businesses that close early so employees can get home for the holidays. With very little time until the big day arrives, it may be best to get as much of your gift and food shopping, along with all other errands, done before December 25. [Featured Image by Sean Gallup/Getty Images] Now Read This: South Carolina State Troopers Will No Longer Give A Book Containing Bible Verses To Grieving Families Because An Atheist Complained Share 50 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Danny Cox Tags: christmas, Christmas Eve hours, Christmas Restaurant Hours, Christmas Store Hours May 9, 2013 Chairman Mao’s Granddaughter Lands Spot On China’s Rich List May 9, 2013 Student Lectures Teacher: ‘You Gotta Make Kids Excited’ For What You Teach [Video] View full timeline 3 days ago Christmas Eve Crash Involving Alleged Drunk Driver Leaves 13-Year-Old California Boy Paralyzed 5 days ago Brad Pitt Emerges From ‘Worst Holiday Season Ever’ As A ‘Broken’ Man Comments LATEST HEADLINES New Ebola Vaccine Can’t Be Used For Prevention, World Health Organization Warns Marvel’s Thor: Ragnarok Synopsis Confirms Thor v. Hulk Battle Rumors ‘The Crown’ Renews Interest In Queen Elizabeth As Polls Show Subjects Want Monarchy Abolished South Carolina State Troopers Will No Longer Give A Book Containing Bible Verses To Grieving Families Because An Atheist Complained Angelina Jolie’s Kids Are Reportedly Participating In Weekly Visits With Their Father Los Angeles Lakers: Five Best Players 25 And Under ‘Yuri On Ice’ Story Isn’t Ripped-Off For ‘Love On Ice’? Hallmark Channel Responds To Plagiarism Claims By Fans Of Yuri And Victor’s Story Celebrity Deaths 2017: Smaller Percentage Of Celebrities Expected To Pass Away, According To Mathematician Milo Yiannopoulos Beats Out Pulse Shooting Victims For LGBTQ Publication’s Person Of The Year ‘Star Trek: Axanar’ Ruling Could Signal Death Of Fan Film Industry Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Oliver Stone Accuses Mainstream Media Of Reporting Fake News About Russia 7.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 51.3k 0 0 George Lopez Turns Down Trump Inauguration Invite, Calls Him ‘Tiny Hands’ In Mean-Spirited Jab 6k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 63 0 0 WWE News: Jimmy Snuka Cleared Of All Murder Charges 2.8k 0 0 Group Of Four Teenagers Kidnap And Torture Special Needs Child In Chicago, Post Live Video On Facebook [Graphic Footage] 2 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Home Weather 27° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Your Pics Video Blazers Prep Sports Contests More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Your Pics Video Blazers Prep Sports Contests Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Weather Alert 47 weather alerts Close Vancouver Walmart shopper pays for pregnant woman's toys, groceries KGW Staff , KGW 2:23 PM. PST December 23, 2016 Good Samaritan in Vancouver, spreading holiday cheer.  (Photo: Alisa Wise) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST VANCOUVER, Wash. – A good Samaritan spread holiday cheer Friday in Vancouver when he bought a pregnant woman’s cart full of groceries and toys. KGW viewer Alisa Wise was in line at Walmart, picking up last-minute items for her family’s annual Christmas Eve sledding trip, when she noticed the man in line in front of her, step ahead of the woman in front of him. Then this happened:   “Standing in front of this man was a cute, young, pregnant gal who had a cart load of groceries and toys,” Wise said. “I was a little confused when I saw him run his credit card. ‘She must have not had enough money’ I thought, ‘that was nice of him.’ The gal came to him and shook his hand and thanked him graciously. The cashier printed the receipt and gave it to the man, and he quickly gave it to the gal. Then the cashier says, ‘That is such a wonderful thing to do!’” Wise said the man smiled, looked at her and said, “I do it every year. It’s become a tradition.” “This amazing man just bought the entire cart full of groceries and toys for this young, pregnant mother!” Wise said. “My heart swelled and I almost began to cry right there in the Walmart line! A little Christmas miracle right there in the line of our local Walmart! Faith in humanity alive and well!  Christmas love lit up and I was left wondering what I can do today to make someone's days a little brighter!” What a wonderful gesture! How are you spreading the holiday cheer? Share your stories in the comments.    KGW Sunny, chilly Christmas Day in Portland KGW USPS will make Express deliveries on Christmas Day KGW Santa Russell Wilson gives first class flights, TVs to teammates for Christmas KGW Most popular Christmas movies by state KGW Richard Sherman, fiancée adopt 38 families for Christmas CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS KGW Sunrise forecast: 1-6-17 Missing woman likely found dead Remains of 5 people found after fire KGW Noon forecast 1-6-17 Missing woman's car found abandoned ODOT: Stay off roads tomorrow after storm Luxury cars, keys stolen from dealership ODOT launches investigation after homeless camp sweep KGW.com Live Feed More Stories Winter Storm Warning issued for weekend snow, ice Dec 29, 2016, 7:16 a.m. Five people found in burned home died in apparent… Jan. 3, 2017, 8:47 a.m. ODOT may use road salt in the Portland area Jan. 6, 2017, 12:31 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather 7 Day Forecast Closings Weather Alerts Radars Live Cameras hyperlocal-radars More... Weather Blog Earthquakes Ski Reports Oregon River Levels Health Detail Location Search Local It's Portland KGW Investigates Business Crime Consumer Politics More... News Links Technology Live at 7 More Roseburg School Shootings Blogs Community Calendar Breaking Newsletters National Politics Vancouver News Clackamas County Willamette Valley Marion County North Coast News Eastern Oregon News Washington County Central Coast News Southern Oregon News Gresham News Central Oregon Western Washington Black Friday Community News Education Headlines On Demand Papal Visit Special Reports Oregon News Robotics Shred Redirect Homeless Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Ways to Save History Makers Pearl Harbor Year in Review Nation Now Traffic Alerts Cameras Gas Prices @KGWTraffic Maps TripCheck More... PDX Flight Updates Sports Olympics Blazers Timbers Mariners Ducks Beavers More... High School Sports Super Bowl More Vikings Winterhawks Seahawks Thorns NCAA Basketball Tournament Sports Sunday World Cup Features Entertainment Health Straight Talk Grants Getaways Drew Carney Portland Today More... Travel Cassidy Quinn Contests Magnify Money Gold Buyers More KGW Archive ACM Awards Actively Northwest Animals Crossword Cup of Joe Going Green Holidays Greater Portland Today Live @ 7 Mad About Movies Making a Difference Oscars Pets of the Day Rachel's Challenge Shot of the Day redirect-contests Trending Today Redirect - Stepping Up Sunrise /getahead Santa Tracker TD Jakes Station Break Growth Thankful Norad Santa Tracker About Meet The Team Jobs Contact TV Listings Advertise with Us Closed Captioning More... Viewer Technical FAQs Quick Links jobs redirect Newslinks Community Calendar NBC Shows Contests Justice Network RSS Connect With Us E-mail Newsletters FAQ Terms Privacy Ad Choices FCC Public Inspection File Community Rules Conversation Guidelines Roku Cobrand Header Whats On NBC Cobrand Footer Survey © 2017 KGW-TV Services Advertise With Us KGW Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners NBC Cars.com Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Share 15 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-06 ‘Yuri On Ice’ Story Isn’t Ripped-Off For ‘Love On Ice’? Hallmark Channel Responds To Plagiarism Claims By Fans Of Yuri And Victor’s Story Entertainment 2017-01-06 George R. R. Martin Still Silent About ‘The Winds Of Winter,’ 2017 Release Date Might Happen Entertainment 2017-01-05 Inauguration Day 2017 Entertainment Update: Trump Struggles To Get Performers While Obama’s Farewell Party Is Already Filled To The Brim Entertainment 2017-01-05 Winning Floats From 2017 Rose Parade News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2017-01-06 Dell XPS-13 2-In-1 Can’t Compete With Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Or MacBook Pro News 2017-01-06 President Obama Is Building A Wall Around His New Home Opinion 2017-01-06 Hillary Clinton Should Think Twice About ‘Running’ For Mayor Of New York: Just Ask Rahm Emanuel Opinion 2017-01-06 Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-06 Top 4 Roman Reigns Match Ideas For WWE ‘WrestleMania 33’ Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Big Update On Shelton Benjamin’s WWE Return, Veteran Says He Won’t Be At ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: NJPW Star Kenny Omega Says He Is Stepping Away From Japan, Possible WWE Jump Upcoming? Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Goldberg To Wrestle At ‘Fastlane’ In Marquee Match Set Up On ‘RAW’ Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-06 New Ebola Vaccine Can’t Be Used For Prevention, World Health Organization Warns Health 2017-01-06 Coca-Cola Sued For Marketing Deception, What Are The Long Term Health Effects Of Sugary Drinks? Health 2017-01-05 Mysterious Marijuana Illness Spikes In Legalized States Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-06 Nintendo Classic Mini Edition Jail Hacked Via Softmod Like Wii? Apparently Twice As Many NES Console Games Can Be Played Technology 2017-01-06 As iPhone Sales Decline, So Too Does Apple’s Employees’ Pay Gaming 2017-01-06 Steam Compatible Controllers Expanding: Soon PC Gamers Can Use Console Input Devices With All Games Gaming 2017-01-06 The ‘Shenmue 3’ Release Date Is Happening, But An HD Remaster? ‘Shenmue HD’ Domain Grabbed By Sega Europe BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-06 ‘Black Twitter’ Roasts ‘Yahoo Finance’ For N-Word Twitter Typo: ‘Trump Wants A Much N***** Navy’ Screenshot Trends BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Golden Globe Awards 2017: Who Will Win And Where To Watch? BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Zombie Outbreak Would Kill Nearly All Humanity In 100 Days, UK Scientists Claim BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Trump’s New Hair Photo: Combed-Back Hairstyle In Instagram Pic Makes Trump Look ‘Presidential’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Christmas Eve 2016: Are Banks Open Today? Find A Full List Of Store Hours And What’s Closed On December 24 BuzzWorthy 15 0 0 December 23, 2016 Christmas Eve 2016: Are Banks Open Today? Find A Full List Of Store Hours And What’s Closed On December 24 Nathan Francis Christmas Eve 2016 is here, but those looking to make a trip to the bank or just finding out which stores are open or closed might have a difficult time. The day before Christmas is one for meeting with family, sharing a meal, opening some early presents — and for many people, doing a lot of last-minute errands to get all of that ready. But with some stores open and some closed, others closing early, and a select few staying open all 24 hours, it’s hard to tell how to schedule all those stops. So those looking to schedule a few last-minute stops on December 24 can find a full list of what’s open and what’s closed on Christmas Eve below. What’s closed on Christmas Eve 2016 The list of what’s closed on Christmas Eve 2016 is actually quite short. While most stores and restaurants are closing early to give their employees a chance to spend the holiday at home, few are actually closed during the day. Banks appear to be the main exception. Many financial institutions will be closed, but largely because December 24 happens to fall on a Saturday. Those that normally offer Saturday hours will stay on the same schedule, and anyone who needs to make a late deposit can make use of the “smart” ATMs offered by institutions like Bank of America. Municipal offices will also mostly be closed on Christmas Eve. What’s open on Christmas Eve 2016 Those looking to do some shopping or make a stop are in luck, as most every store will be open on Christmas Eve, at least for some hours. It is not a federal holiday, so government offices like the United States Post Office will be open. But Christmas Eve does fall on a Saturday, so the offices that are normally closed on the weekend will remain that way. Most stores are open at least during the day on Christmas Eve, though most are also closing early. Target will be open until either 10 p.m. or 11 p.m. depending on the location — and will also be closed on Christmas Day. Walmart locations will be closing a bit earlier, with stores shutting their doors at 6 p.m. so employees can go home and celebrate the holiday with families. But anyone looking to make a late pick-up will still be able to do it. “Customers who order an item available for pickup on line by 6 p.m. local time on Dec. 23 will be able to pick up their items before closing time on Dec. 24,” Al.com noted. Here is Walmart's Christmas Eve plan to win shoppers via @FortuneMagazine https://t.co/eBpCyUTVrA big test for its store pickup service $wmt — Phil Wahba (@philwahba) December 13, 2016 Walmart unveiled plans to serve last-minute shoppers with free Christmas Eve Pickup and a new online destination https://t.co/yWB8qI6Pep pic.twitter.com/RO1R0xIWDh — Walmart Newsroom (@WalmartNewsroom) December 13, 2016 Those looking to make a very late purchase or pick up a forgotten gift can find a few places open 24 hours on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. Walgreen’s will stay open all day and night (for its 24-hour locations, at least), and some Giant-Landover stores across Maryland, Virginia, Delaware, and the District of Columbia will also be open all day on Christmas Eve and Christmas, the New York Times noted. There will be a few other stores open 24 hours on Christmas Eve, the Buffalo News noted. These include CVS, Rite Aid, and NOCO Express locations, but only those normally on 24-hour schedules. For many other stores — including most drug stores and fast food — they will be open on Christmas Eve, but the exact hours will depend on the location. As the New York Times found, shoppers are best to check ahead to see what hours the stores might be open. “That was a common response we received from large retailers: many leave holiday scheduling up to local branch managers or individual franchise owners. “CVS is also open on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day, although hours will vary store to store. ‘It would be best for customers to check with their store,’ said Stephanie Cunha, a spokeswoman.” There will be plenty of other locations open on Christmas Eve 2016, including movie theaters. Those who want to know if a local store or restaurant is open or closed on Christmas Eve 2016 would be best served to call ahead early enough to find out. [Featured Image by Gunnar Rathbun/AP Images] Now Watch This: 105 Year Old Man Set To Break Cycling Record Now Read This: ‘Black Twitter’ Roasts ‘Yahoo Finance’ For N-Word Twitter Typo: ‘Trump Wants A Much N***** Navy’ Screenshot Trends Share 15 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Nathan Francis Tags: Walmart Christmas Eve hours, target christmas eve hours, Christmas Eve 2016, Christmas Eve hours January 6, 2017 ‘The Bachelor’ 2017 Spoilers: Liz Sandoz’s Connection To Nick Viall Sparks Drama, How Long Will She Last? January 5, 2017 ‘The Bold And The Beautiful’ Spoilers: Quinn Opens Up To Ivy, Liam’s Frustrations Over Steffy’s Decision Grow, And Ridge Pressures Eric Comments LATEST HEADLINES Chilean UFO? Release Of ‘Groundbreaking’ Top Secret Video Has Aeronautics Officials Stumped [Video] Giant Winged ‘Demon’ Photos Go Viral: Apocalyptic Image, Mothman, Or Something Far Less Sinister? Plus-Size Model Ashley Graham Shares Revealing Bikini Pics From Tropical Vacation Dell XPS-13 2-In-1 Can’t Compete With Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Or MacBook Pro ‘Criminal Minds’ New Hires: How Many Actors Does It Take To Replace Thomas Gibson And Shemar Moore? ‘Underworld: Blood Wars’ After-Credits Scene: Is There A Scene Hidden At The End Of The Vampire Thriller? Top 4 Roman Reigns Match Ideas For WWE ‘WrestleMania 33’ President Obama Is Building A Wall Around His New Home Hillary Clinton Should Think Twice About ‘Running’ For Mayor Of New York: Just Ask Rahm Emanuel Ciara Drops $15 Million Defamation Lawsuit Against Future Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Oliver Stone Accuses Mainstream Media Of Reporting Fake News About Russia 7.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 51.6k 0 0 George Lopez Turns Down Trump Inauguration Invite, Calls Him ‘Tiny Hands’ In Mean-Spirited Jab 6k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 63 0 0 Group Of Four Teenagers Kidnap And Torture Special Needs Child In Chicago, Post Live Video On Facebook [Graphic Footage] 15 0 0 Katelyn Nichole Davis Suicide: 12-Year-Old Allegedly Hanged Herself, Live-Streamed Suicide On Facebook Live 1.8k 0 0 Recent Videos BuzzWorthy Escaped Leopard Causes Injuries In West Bengal BuzzWorthy Base Jumper’s Wingsuit Gets Caught On Plane BuzzWorthy Big Wave Surfer Narrowly Escapes Death BuzzWorthy World’s Highest Bridge Opens In China Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
MENU GO 23 Watch Live more... Watch Live News Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Weather Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Sports Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Community Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo News 13 Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Real Estate Home of the Week Features Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Traffic Live Stream Circa more... News Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Weather Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Sports Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Community Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo News 13 Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Real Estate Home of the Week Features Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Traffic Live Stream Circa Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Home of the Week Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Home of the Week Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Watch Live News Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Weather Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Sports Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Community Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo News 13 Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Real Estate Home of the Week Features Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Traffic Live Stream Circa Driver blinded by sun strikes pedestrian in Franklin by Rex Hodge A driver who hit a pedestrian at a Walmart in Franklin said he didn't see her because of the sun. The 68-year-old woman who was hit is in critical but stable condition. (Photo credit: WLOS staff) VIEW PHOTO GALLERY5 photos AA FRANKLIN, N.C. (WLOS) —  A driver who hit a pedestrian at a Walmart in Franklin said he didn't see her because of the sun. The 68-year-old woman who was hit is in critical but stable condition. The accident happened about 4:30 Thursday afternoon as the sun was low on the horizon. Fire officials said the victim is from Connecticut and is here visiting her sister. They said as she was walking across the parking lot in front of the store, a man was driving west. “The driver of the pickup truck reported that she had just stepped in from of him and he also had the sun in his eyes,” Franklin Fire Department Captain Justin Setser said. The woman was flown to North Georgia Medical Center. Captain Setser said she had head trauma from her fall. The Franklin Police report identifies the woman as 68-year-old Patricia Vankeuren, and the driver as 41-year-old Ronald Parrish of Franklin. The report approximates he was driving 10 miles an hour. So far, there is no indication of any charges. close News In Pictures Possible snow totals increasing; western N.C. could see 4-6 inches, icy roads Winter Storm Warning issued for WNC, Upstate Gallery: January 6, 2017 Snow Federal investigation underway in Weaverville Trending 1   Possible snow totals increasing; western N.C. could see 4-6 inches, icy roads 2   Federal investigation underway in Weaverville 3   Why we buy milk, bread and toilet paper when it snows 4   Homeland Security investigation in Weaverville continues with few answers 5   Second round of snow expected Friday evening DON'T MISS OUT Stay Connected with WLOS Like Follow © 2016 Sinclair Broadcast Group TermsPrivacyFCC InfoEEO LOADING ShareTweet × Trending 1 Possible snow totals increasing; western N.C. could see 4-6 inches, icy roads 2 Federal investigation underway in Weaverville 3 Why we buy milk, bread and toilet paper when it snows 4 Homeland Security investigation in Weaverville continues with few answers 5 Second round of snow expected Friday evening 6 Winter Storm Warning issued for WNC, Upstate 7 Trooper saves the life of a small child: 'I said, Lord, I need your help' 8 Suspect traveled with gun in checked bag before killing 5 at Fort Lauderdale airport 9 Crews already working to make sure roads are safe for travel during the storm 10 2 hikers lost in Shining Rock Wilderness, search underway
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region Real-Time News from AL.com What time does Target close on Christmas Eve? Dec. 24 hours By  Leada Gore | lgore@al.com AL.com Email the author Follow on Twitter on December 23, 2016 at 6:59 PM, updated December 23, 2016 at 9:25 PM Print Email Target stores will stay open until at least 10 p.m. on Christmas Eve. Some stores will be open until 11 p.m.Leada Gore | lgore@al.com  Still trying to finish your Christmas list? If so, you can shop late at Target. Target stores will open open at 7 a.m. on Christmas Eve (Dec. 24) and remain open until 10 p.m. The store is closed on Christmas but will reopen on Dec. 26 at 7 a.m. and remain open until 11 p.m. (Check your local store for exact time - some locations are closing at 10 p.m.) Target's closing time is much later than its largest competition, Walmart, which announced it would shut down at 6 p.m. on Christmas Eve - two hours earlier than the previous year. Walmart said the earlier closing was designed to allow employees spend more time with their families. Minneapolis-based Target's later hours may may it the choice for the very-last-minute shoppers. For those who still haven't decided what they are going to buy, Target is offering its Wonderlist Gift Guide where you browse gift ideas curated by personality types. Most Christmas items are discounted by at least 30 percent - some at 50 percent - and Target REDcard holders will save an extra 5 percent on their purchases. Some of Target's deals include: Apple Watch Series 1 starting at $199.99 Save $5 when you spend $25 on holiday wrap and cards (Coupon available in ad or by texting GIFT to 827438) Stocking stuffer candy 5 for $5 Vizio 32 inch LED TV, $149.99 (regularly $169.99) JBL Flip III Splashproof Bluetooth Speaker - $79.99 (regularly $99.99) iPad Mini 2 - Starting at $199.99 Retro video game consoles - $49.99 20 percent off select LEGO sets 15 percent off VTech Enchanted Princess Palace Crayola gifts buy one, get one 50 percent off Don't need your item by Christmas? No worries. Target said it will continue to offer free shipping on all digital orders placed through Jan. 1, 2017. About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1802 comments Featured Guns Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCR .327 Federal Magnum 3:13 PM 11/28/2016 Gun Test: Arex Rex Zero 1S Pistol 10:16 AM 11/23/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Handgun 4:22 PM 11/18/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Login Profile Print Edition PageView Flip PDF Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Contact Us About Us Advertise Past Issues !!Date!! Browse Archives     Front Page Local Region Nation Video Sports Obituaries Opinion Community Lifestyles Classifieds Subscribe Front Page News Local Region Nation Video Sports Obituaries Opinion Community Lifestyles Classifieds Subscribe   Other Publications   Argus Champion Message for the Week 2016-12-24 / Local Tweet Print City councilor donates toys following collection site burglary By TORY JONES toryb@eagletimes.com Scott Colby, a U.S. Marine and Wal-Mart employee in Claremont, left, helps Claremont City Councilor Nick Koloski, right, and Claremont Parks and Recreation Director Mark Brislin, center, load three shopping carts full of toys Koloski donated to the U.S. Marine Corps Reserve’s Toys for Tots program on Friday, Dec. 23 after learning of a burglary in Vermont. Colby has taken part in the collection program in Claremont throughout this year’s season. — TORY JONESCLAREMONT — A Claremont city councilor and business owner has donated 60 new toys to  U.S. Marine Corps Toys for Tots after hearing of a burglary at a collection site in Pomfret, Vermont. “I have been put in touch with a Marine, and I’m heading over to drop them off now,” Nicholas Koloski said in a phone interview on Friday, Dec. 23.Koloski said he was heading to the Wal-Mart front entrance on Friday afternoon, where U.S. Marines collecting for the nonprofit organization would take the 60 toys and deliver them to the town affected by the theft. He has already spoken to representatives, and said he had the toys ready to deliver at about 1:30 p.m. “They were ecstatic,” he said. The Vermont Department of Public Safety and state police issued a press release on Friday about the forced entry and burglary, in which toys were stolen from a Toys for Tots collection site at the Teago General Store and Pomfret U.S. Post Office. State police from the Royalton barracks responded at about 8:14 a.m. on Thursday, Dec. 22    to a report of a break in at the Pomfret general store, which is north of White River Junction in Windsor County. Initial investigation showed someone had gained entry through one of the front windows, and had stolen items from the store. Further investigation revealed one or several burglars had taken approximately 25-30 unwrapped toys out of the filled Toys for Tots bin inside the store, all according to police. The burglar or burglars also gained access to the attached U.S. Post Office and stole several items, including approximately 20-25 packages waiting to be delivered to community members. The VSP and the U.S. Postal Service are actively working on the investigation. The U.S. Postal Service will also be sending information out to area residents relating to the stolen packages, police said. If anyone has any information regarding these burglaries, they are asked to contact the Vermont State Police Royalton Barracks at (802) 234-9933.   Return to top Login to post comments Click here for digital edition Tweets by eagletimesnh Copyright 2011-2017 Eagle Times, All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Beauty Fashion Health Cookery Insync Home n Garden Pregnancy n Parenting Relationship Spirituality Tools Photos Videos Fashion Store हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home Health Beauty Insync Fashion Cookery Relationship Spirituality Pregnancy n Parenting Home n Garden Fashion Store Photos Videos Socail Share Mail Facebook Twitter gplus Home » Insync » Life »Brutal Incidents That Have Taken Place On American Black Friday! Brutal Incidents That Have Taken Place On American Black Friday! From people getting stamped to death to some getting hospitalised, anything can happen on this day, during the American Black Friday. Check out the brutal incidents that have taken place. By: Syeda Farah Noor Updated: Friday, November 25, 2016, 17:24 [IST] Subscribe to Boldsky After the Thanksgiving day, there is another event that the Americans celebrate and it is called the Black Friday. This makes people go crazy and this day is known as the "Black Friday Sale", as it is a day that marks the beginning of the shopping season in the world.    During this day, there are big sales in all the huge shopping marts and malls. Here, people go crazily insane and just grab any damn thing they can find in their way. Also Read: Brutal Incidents That Have Taken Place On American Black Friday!  Here, in this article, we are about to share some of the videos where people have gone berserk, while entering these malls, causing some of the brutal incidents.   The darkest fact is that there is no guarantee that you would get back home safely if you decide to participate in the event, as there have been many deaths reported every year on the American Black Friday! Also Read: Are There Any Benefits Of Having A Male Boss  Check out these videos... A Man Died At Target! A 61-year-old chemist Walter Vance collapsed on the floor, while everybody kept rushing to grab the deals and loot the mall. Sad part was, he died due to stampede and people did not really bother about him lying down. It was too late when he was taken to the hospital. This incident makes one realise that these events are not for the aged or elderly, as they may not be able to survive these! Unfortunate Incident At Walmart In 2007! This video was shot in 2007 at 5 AM in the morning of a Black Friday. The video shows the way people are crazily rushing inside Walmart. The funny side we can see in this video is, though a woman fell down and her wig was off her head, she made sure she fixed it before getting up! Seriously? Well, we wonder why such a craze! Again At Walmart In 2014! Check out the video as to how people are eagerly waiting at the Walmart gates; and once the gates open, they go crazy and loot the sale. There is hardly any space for a person to step in, as it is all crowded and there is so much chaos. We still question this, Why Americans, Why? Be Careful At Porter Ranch Walmart! If you have been well prepared for the loot, there might be a little ugly surprise, as you can get stabbed or pepper-sprayed in this Walmart, as there was a case of a woman who did this to make her way through the sale! Fight For Just Anything! This video makes us think, "do they really need all that stuff they're grabbing?" Well, this shows that humans are nothing but just sheep, they follow everything blindly and do not realise whether it is right or wrong. After checking out so many videos, we wonder if you could try going to these places on this day or just relax and watch people go berserk.    Leave in your comments and do mention what you'd do on this Black Friday! Read more about: america, facts, world, bizarre Story first published: Friday, November 25, 2016, 12:42 [IST] Other articles published on Nov 25, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... Story Of A Man Who Became A Rapist Tips For Oily Haired Beauties: #1 - Do Not Wash Hair Every Day Is She Cheating On You? Try This To Figure Out... Featured Posts Subscribe Newsletter Recommended Editor's Choice Weird Similarities Between Americans & Indians Presidents Day â€“ A Remembrance Of Leaders Why Intelligent People Fail The Most? Story Of A Man Who Became A Rapist Factors To Consider While Getting A Plastic Surgery Done Famous Celebs Who Converted Into Islam Have You Heard About Ecosexuals? Bizarre Wedding Rituals Around The World + Show More Health, Beauty, Fashion, Relationship, Cookery Now answers to all your lifestyle queries are 2 steps away Receive lifetime benefits of our free newsletter No thanks, I'm better off solving my lifestyle issues myself   Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
CLOSE Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Magazines Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives Local Directory E-Edition Weather Subscribe Contact Us Free Time Local Directory Magazines Buy Photos Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Magazines Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives Local Directory Local News Music for the soul: Musician adds to ringing tradition By Magen Kritsch - Dec. 24, 2016 The temperature had dropped below freezing, and shoppers were hurrying in and out of the store to stay warm. Kim Lee was loading her groceries into her vehicle at the Walmart on State Road 135 in the Center Grove area when she heard it: her favorite Christmas carol being played on a brass instrument. The Salvation Army bell ringer was playing “O Holy Night,” on a cornet. 1 of 7 Anthony Arquilla plays his cornet at the Salvation Army donation spot in front of the WalMart in Franklin Anthony Arquilla plays his cornet at the Salvation Army donation spot in front of the WalMart in Franklin Anthony Arquilla plays his cornet at the Salvation Army donation spot in front of the WalMart in Franklin Anthony Arquilla plays his cornet at the Salvation Army donation spot in front of the WalMart in Franklin Anthony Arquilla plays his cornet at the Salvation Army donation spot in front of the WalMart in Franklin Anthony Arquilla thanks donors at the Salvation Army location in front of the WalMart in Franklin Anthony Arquilla thanks donors as he plays his cornet at the Salvation Army donation spot in front of the WalMart in Franklin Lee had donated to The Salvation Army’s Red Kettle Campaign before. But that day, Anthony Arquilla touched her heart playing her favorite song. She went back, stuffed more money into the red kettle and filmed the man that had made her day. “It just stopped me in my tracks,” she said. “The rest of us were grumbling about the temperatures and he just continued to share his gift, to be kind and help others.” For the last four years, Arquilla, 61, has carried his cornet around the county to play Christmas carols at red kettle sites for The Salvation Army. He plays “Silent Night” and “Have a Holly Jolly Christmas” on his cornet, sings the songs and rings the iconic bell to solicit donations from shoppers. The Greenwood resident’s cornet has touched hundreds over the years. Arquilla sees the added touch as a way to honor Jesus and his birth. “Let people remember Jesus is the reason we are celebrating,” he said. About four years ago at the Sam’s Club in Greenwood, he had the idea to brighten shoppers’ day by bringing his cornet to play while he was ringing the bell for donations. He occasionally played his cornet at Monument Circle in downtown Indianapolis, while handing out Bibles to passersby. Christmas carols might just help brighten people’s day, he thought. “Now I play two, maybe three times a week,” Arquilla said. Salvation Army volunteers that were part of the Christmas red kettle campaign traditionally played brass instruments, and ringing the bell was a back up plan for volunteers, said Charles Kennedy, kettle coordinator for Johnson County. Bit by bit over the years, brass instruments fell out of use during the campaign and the bells took center stage for volunteers. What Arquilla offers is a slice of nostalgia, Kennedy said. No matter the weather or the temperature, Kennedy can count on a full bucket from Arquilla and his cornet, he said. Kennedy routinely puts Arquilla at some of the busiest sites in the county, because adding some extra zest to the bell ringing can bring in five or six times more donations than just ringing the bell, Kennedy said. “That is why Tony is so great, even in the rain,” he said. “He stands out in the rain and the whole bit.” Arquilla doesn’t mind playing in the wettest or coldest weather. Sometimes his cornet chills to the point that he can’t play all the notes. He rests for a few minutes in the vestibule or wraps his scarf around the instrument to warm it up until it is ready to play again. And the cold doesn’t bother him. The most cold he has to endure is during his eight-hour volunteer shift. Clients of The Salvation Army don’t always have a warm home to return to or a safe place to go, he said. Thinking of those clients is one of the reasons he agreed to ring the bell on his days off from teaching English as a Second Language at the Central Nine Career Center and driving car parts across the county. “I think of it as, well, it is a lot warmer than Antarctica and this is just temporary,” he said. While he is playing the cornet, audiences will swarm around him, Kennedy said. Arquilla plays songs from Christmas hymnals, and often talks to people who are touched that he picked a particular song to play while they were passing by with their shopping. “Sometimes they come up to me in tears because the song means something to them,” Arquilla said. What Arquilla does is a testament to goodness, Lee said. “There stood this man whose dedication to The Salvation Army (was unwavering),” she said. “This man stood there, helping others.” Magen Kritsch Magen Kritsch is an editorial assistant at the Daily Journal. She can be reached at mkritsch@dailyjournal.net or 317-736-2770. STAY CONNECTED 11,530FansLike 3,557FollowersFollow ABOUT USNobody covers Johnson county and the surrounding areas like Daily Journal. Contact us: editorial@dailyjournal.net FOLLOW US © All content copyright Daily Journal, a publication of AIM Media Indiana unless otherwise noted.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Friday, January 06, 2017, 8:24 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / Business news in brief This article was published December 24, 2016 at 1:47 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Wal-Mart, charity arm gave $1.4B in '16 This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Print Headline: Italy readies $21B bank rescue package Protests by Uber drivers disrupt Paris City asks Exxon not to build plant there Firm withdraws Iowa power lines bid U.S. allows disposal of nuclear waste Ita... Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Saudis tout budget, project 2017 deficit dip,... 9 fired ex-Whole Foods managers sue Fred's to buy 865 Rite Aids Stocks in holiday lull but edge up Business news in brief News in brief U.S. sues Barclays over role in crisis Tobacco ebbs, so hemp in as crop California idles Uber's robot cars More Business stories > Comments on: Business news in brief To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Obama says he would support repealing health care law if GOP puts forward better plan (9 comments) Authorities: Teacher, husband operated meth lab (1 comment) Troopers to stop sending book with Bible verses to family of wreck victims after atheist's complaint (3 comments) Trump on border wall: Mexico will pay us back (13 comments) DANA D. KELLEY: Lose the sore (25 comments) Study: No pause in global warming (36 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1802 comments Featured Guns Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCR .327 Federal Magnum 3:13 PM 11/28/2016 Gun Test: Arex Rex Zero 1S Pistol 10:16 AM 11/23/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Handgun 4:22 PM 11/18/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1802 comments Featured Guns Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCR .327 Federal Magnum 3:13 PM 11/28/2016 Gun Test: Arex Rex Zero 1S Pistol 10:16 AM 11/23/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Handgun 4:22 PM 11/18/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1802 comments Featured Guns Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCR .327 Federal Magnum 3:13 PM 11/28/2016 Gun Test: Arex Rex Zero 1S Pistol 10:16 AM 11/23/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Handgun 4:22 PM 11/18/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 16° Clear High: 26° | Low: 6° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Politics Local & State Politics More in Politics Politics Capitol Ticker Blog Sports More in Sports High School Sports Red Sox Patriots Boston Celtics Boston Bruins College Portland Pirates Sea Dogs Maine Red Claws Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Community More in Community Celebrations Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Lifestyle Source Source Awards Books Things to Do Sudoku Crossword MaineToday.com Real Estate More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Local Offers More in Local Offers test Obituaries Jobs Auto More in Auto New Cars Index Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers News Posted December 24, 2016 Updated December 25, 2016 increase font size Morning Sentinel Dec. 24 police log Waterville area police reports for Dec. 24, 2016. Share Comment Read Article IN CANAAN, Friday at 10:38 a.m., a theft was reported on Chestnut Street. IN COPLIN PLANTATION, Friday at 1:46 a.m., a traffic accident causing injury was reported on Rangeley Road. IN FARMINGTON, Friday at 3:06 p.m., a traffic accident causing injury was reported on Wilton Road. 10:41 p.m., an assault was reported on Clover Mill Road. IN HARTLAND, Friday at 9:26 a.m., a theft was reported on Commercial Street. IN JAY, Friday at 10:58 a.m., a tree and lines were reported down on Davis Road. 3:44 p.m., a snowmobile fire was reported on Davis Road. 11:50 p.m., a caller from Keep Road requested a person be removed from the premises. IN MADISON, Friday at 11:06 a.m., a theft was reported on Bean Street. IN OAKLAND, Friday at 6:11 a.m., a traffic accident causing injury was reported near Country Club and Webb roads. 2:03 p.m., fireworks were reported at Birch Meadows. 2:58 p.m., a burglary was reported on Paris Street. 4:55 p.m., a theft was reported at Hannaford at JFK Plaza off Kennedy Memorial Drive. 5:03 p.m., a theft was reported at Wal-Mart at Waterville Commons. IN ROME, Saturday at 4:33 a.m., a burglary was reported on North Pond Road. IN SKOWHEGAN, Saturday at 1:10 a.m., a disturbance was reported on Water Street. IN SOLON, Saturday at 1:19 a.m., an intoxicated person was reported on North Main Street. IN TIM POND TOWNSHIP, Saturday at 5:38 a.m., a traffic accident causing injury was reported on The Arnold Trail. IN WATERVILLE, Friday at 8:50 a.m., a disturbance was reported on Abbott Street. 11 a.m., a shoplifter was reported at Wal-Mart at Waterville Commons. A woman was arrested and charged with theft by unauthorized taking or transfer, according to the report. 1:38 p.m., a case involving forgery or fraud was reported on Silvermount Street. 11:30 p.m., a vehicle burglary was reported on Cool Street. A man was arrested and charged with four counts of burglary of a motor vehicle, according to the report. 11:47 p.m., a caller from Hazelwood Avenue reported an unwanted person on the premises. Saturday at 12:35 a.m., a traffic accident causing injury was reported on Chase Avenue. 4:14 a.m., a theft was reported on College Avenue. IN WILTON, Saturday at 5:26 a.m., a domestic disturbance was reported on Main Street. 8:12 a.m., a case involving theft or fraud was reported on Stickney Court. IN WINSLOW, Friday at 11:43 a.m., an unwanted person was reported on the premises on Clinton Avenue. ARRESTS IN SOMERSET COUNTY, Friday at 9:05 a.m., James Garnett, 30, of Pittsfield, was arrested and charged with violation of condition of release. 11:18 a.m., Sean Christopher Ludden, 45, of Clinton, was arrested and charged with violation of condition of release. Saturday at 2:42 a.m., Jesse Allen Kwasniewski, 25, of Harmony, was arrested on three warrants and charged with violating condition of release. IN WATERVILLE, Friday at 11:30 a.m., Jenna Porter, 31, of Oakland, was arrested and charged with theft at Wal-Mart at Waterville Commons. Saturday at 12:20 a.m., Eric Thurlow, 35, of Waterville, was arrested on School Street and charged with four counts of burglary of a motor vehicle. 1:17 a.m., Jason Muzerolle, 39, of Waterville, was arrested on Chase Avenue and charged with operating under the influence (refused to take a test) and leaving the scene of an accident. SUMMONSES IN WATERVILLE, Friday at 12:24 p.m., Chase Duguay, 18, of Waterville, was summoned and charged with minor consuming liquor at Waterville Senior High School on Brooklyn Avenue. 10:52 p.m., Justin W. Ratliff, 34, of Waterville, was summoned and charged with operating while license suspended or revoked on Kennedy Memorial Drive. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Recent Read Shared Gardiner hands Nokomis 1st defeat of season Nokomis boys basketball slips by Gardiner Maranacook boys pick up the pace against Freeport Land deal conserves 4,300-acre site near Katahdin Iron Works Maine man loses bid for new trial in killing of informant NTSB says truck damaged track before Amtrak train derailed in Kansas These lobster buoys feed birds rather than marking traps Breastfeeding pilots' claims against airline seen as progress N.C. judge scolds woman for breast-feeding in court More mouths than ever to feed at Skowhegan Community Food Cupboard Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries Blogs NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Winter storm to bring snow, ice on Saturday Native American writer to lead pipeline protest class at Clark City seeking input on affordable housing fund Airport rehearsal postponed for families of children with autism Sheriff’s detective, addict had affair Church offers shelter from cold Vancouver man pleads to lesser charges, released from prison Vancouver man sentenced in assault Missing man, 72, with dementia found safe ATV crash near Camas injures 2 Native American writer to lead pipeline protest class at Clark When Portland journalist Jacqueline Keeler arrived in North Dakota to write about and participate in protests against the Dakota Access… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Mariners acquire Gallardo from Baltimore for Seth Smith 73 rookies, Ryan, highlight revamped AP All-Pro Team Union boys No. 1 in 4A in WIAA’s first RPI basketball rankings High school scoreboard 1/6 Boys basketball: Kelso 68, Fort Vancouver 45 Boys basketball: Ridgefield 38, Hockinson 26 Boys basketball: Stevenson 54, Castle Rock 44 Boys basketball: Woodland 51, Columbia River 48 Big second quarter sends Prairie boys basketball past Hudson’s Bay Boys basketball: Seton Catholic 80, Columbia-White Salmon 63 Winter recreation safety tip No. 1 Checking the weather forecast is vital, yet often neglected Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Classic car garage proposed in Hearthwood Boeing said close to $10.1 billion order from India carrier SpiceJet How much pot was sold in 2016? A lot Dow nears 20,000; higher wages boost stocks Drone engine maker to set up close to InSitu Big day at Black Rock Coffee U.S. adds 156K jobs; unemployment rate ticks up to 4.7 pct. Mexican Ford plant workers blame Trump for dashed dreams HUB brings its brews to east Vancouver Singletary: Resolve to look at retirement account Drone engine maker to set up close to InSitu Following a $90 million agreement with Boeing’s unmanned aerial vehicle subsidiary InSitu, an Australian company that makes engines for aerial… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Northwest Cable News set to go off air Friday night ‘Hidden Figures’ adds up to fantastic film Sandwiches swell at Tap Union Freehouse New on DVD: ‘Blair Witch’ a poor imitation Debbie Reynolds’ history, in her own words Political pets helped owners’ campaigns, delighted public on social media Angst Gallery male form exhibit takes thoughtful look at taboo Eight little-known tidbits about ‘Match Game’ Resolve to get fit while having fun ‘Better Late Than Never,’ ‘Bosch’ will be back Resolve to get fit while having fun Calories love us more than we love them. Even when we’re ready to call off the affair, they just don’t… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Help Mental Health Robinson: Critics, opponents of Trump part of ‘real America,’ too Letter: Should be seen, not heard Letter: Israeli aggression contemptible Letter: We the unincorporated Letter: Crack down on speed limits Letter: Protect water, reject terminals In Our View: Inevitable, Complex Taxes Parker: Roof seeks acceptance, glory from white supremacists Letter: Do not mess with Medicare Editorial Cartoons, Jan. 1-7 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Empty parking spaces, long wait list in downtown Everybody Has a Story: At World’s Fair, a striptease show and an awkward question Ridgefield honors students, employee for December Love for Vancouver dog spreads throughout the world Rotary clubs team up to bring kids shopping Vancouver club donates to children’s hospital YWCA program receives national certification Students identify, create new animals in art Shelter volunteers wrap gifts for donations Everybody Has a Story: Truth about father deepens appreciation Empty parking spaces, long wait list in downtown Some downtown Vancouver residents are frustrated that hundreds of people, including some of their neighbors, are on a waiting list… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate In Our View: Cheers Christmas spirit alive and well in Clark County; Heritage High healthy place Published: December 24, 2016, 6:03 AM A   A This is, in case you were not aware, Christmas Eve. Which means there is still time for some last-minute shopping. But for the rest of you, for those who plan ahead and have everything prepared for a joyous Christmas celebration, we offer only Cheers and no Jeers; nobody, after all, wants to be subjected to the negativity of Jeers this close to Christmas. That would be positively Scrooge-like of us. Cheers: To the Christmas spirit. The weeks leading up to the holiday annually are rife with stories about charitable acts and the kind of giving that makes this a special time of year. Among our favorites of these stories this year is one about members of the Battle Ground Police Department teaming up with 12 school kids to take them shopping for Christmas gifts. Students, who were nominated by school staff, met with officers at the police station and then rode in patrol cars in a motorcade to the local Wal-Mart. There, the students were provided with $200 each to spend on gifts, money that came from a $2,500 Wal-Mart Community Grant. “These kids are deserving and our officers appreciate the opportunity to further build relationships with the public we serve,” said Bob Richardson, Battle Ground’s police chief. Police departments throughout the region frequently engage in outreach that reminds the public of officers’ desire to enrich their communities. Cheers: To cemetery cleanup. A band of misfits who call themselves The Ancient and Honorable Order of E Clampus Vitus recently braved freezing temperatures to beautify the Old City Cemetery at East Mill Plain and Grand boulevards. Members raked leaves and strung up Christmas lights at the ancient cemetery, with group leader Eric Klein saying, “Today we’re decorating and giving the cemetery a little bit of holiday love.” The cemetery, the resting place of pioneers such as Esther Short and Charles Slocum, dates to around the time of Vancouver’s founding in the mid-1800s. The origins of The Ancient and Honorable Order of E Clampus Vitus predate even that, although the local chapter is not yet officially recognized by the organization. Official status, however, doesn’t matter when there are local citizens willing to contribute to their community. Cheers: To Heritage High School. The school, which is part of Evergreen Public Schools and is located northeast of the Vancouver city limits, has been recognized as one of “America’s Healthiest Schools.” The list, compiled by the Alliance for a Healthier Generation and Kaiser Permanente, honored 328 schools throughout the country for amenities such as the availability of nutritious foods and access to high-quality physical education. Heritage was joined by Mark Morris High School in Longview in being awarded a bronze medal by the organization, making them the only Washington schools to be recognized. As the Alliance for a Healthier Generation notes, about 1 in 3 school children in the United States are obese or overweight, and such students are at risk for future health problems such as diabetes, asthma, and heart failure. By providing healthy options and health education, schools play an important role in addressing this epidemic. Cheers: To Mother Nature. Winter storms have caused havoc for cities throughout the region, but they have been a boon in the mountains. After several years of droughtlike conditions, snowpack in the Northwest is exceeding the historical average. A lack of snowpack in recent years has diminished the water supply during the summer, creating problems for wildlife and economic troubles. The concern this year is that warming temperatures will lead to an early thaw, but for now the situation is more promising than in the past couple years. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Top Workplaces 2017 Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Auto Reviews Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Travel news Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Share Your Photos Photo Contests Social Channels Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Newborn found in trash at Walmart store: report WALMART FILE ART - A newborn infant was found in the trash can at a Walmart in New Roads, La. on Friday (Dec. 23). Authorities say the mother delivered the child inside the store's bathroom. (Bloomberg News by Luke Sharrett) (LUKE SHARRETT) Print Email Littice Bacon-Blood, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune By Littice Bacon-Blood, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune The Times-Picayune Email the author | Follow on Twitter on December 24, 2016 at 10:17 AM, updated December 24, 2016 at 5:47 PM comments A newborn found in a garbage can at a New Roads Walmart store Friday (Dec. 23) is in critical condition, WBRZ television station reports. The mother, who authorities say gave birth in the store's bathroom, was later found in a hospital in Zachary, according to the television station. The baby girl, estimated to be 6 hours old, was found unresponsive by a store employee Friday night around 8, the TV station reports.  Firefighters performed CPR on the infant before she was taken to Pointe Coupe General Hospital, which is reportedly located a couple of hundred yards from the store, according to the news report. Louisiana's Safe Haven law allows parents to leave children 60 days or younger at state-sanctioned "Safe Baby Sites," including hospitals, police stations, fire stations or child advocacy centers with no questions asked. As long as the baby shows no signs of abuse or neglect, the parents will not be prosecuted for abandonment. Read WBRZ News entire story here. follow us Twitter Facebook LInkedIn Google+ Pinterest Tumblr special report The New Orleans Gun Pipeline An exploration of the complex, violent ecosystem that keeps New Orleans criminals armed. Follow continuing coverage » Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries 2016 murder count 0 Latest Incident: 2016 map of N.O homicides Active Discussions About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinions Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home Local Idaho Falls Rexburg Pocatello Blackfoot Rigby St. Anthony Weather Sports US/World National World Politics Live Better Feel Good Faith & Family East Idaho Eats Outdoors Health Money Local Business Lowest Gas Prices Business Cool Stuff Entertainment Technology Weird & Wacky Weather Sponsor Have a great story? Send a tip! 208-528-NEWS Weather Sponsored By Local Idaho Falls Rexburg Pocatello Blackfoot Rigby St. Anthony Weather Sports US/World Idaho Utah Wyoming Montana National World Politics Live Better Feel Good Faith & Family East Idaho Eats Living the Wild Life Outdoors Health Money Local Business Lowest Gas Prices Business Cool Stuff Entertainment Technology Weird & Wacky Delivery services working right up to Christmas Day Local 0  Updated at 9:55 am, December 24th, 2016 By: Nichole Stanford, EastIdahoNews.com Share This Story We Matched Nichole Stanford, EastIdahoNews.com REXBURG — Having packages delivered right to your door has become a huge part of holiday shopping. With retailers like Amazon and Walmart offering free shipping, many shoppers in eastern Idaho are taking advantage of online shopping. That is where Leon Moser and his big white FedEx truck comes into play. Moser is a FedEx contractor, who operates six routes in the Upper Valley. During the holiday season, each of his drivers routinely makes between 70 to 100 stops, delivering more than 200 packages a day. “Terminal wide, we are delivering 3,800 to 4,000 packages a day,” Moser said. Working 12 to 13 hours a day has kept Moser’s routes caught up this year, but he is looking forward to getting a little bit of a break on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. The drivers who deliver the express packages won’t be so lucky. “The business routes are starting to slow down a little right now, but the express drivers packages are just starting to pick up from all of the last minute shoppers” Moser said. “This time of year we get to bring the good stuff. We deliver the packages and people are excited to see us,” Moser said. Moser has worked for more than 25 years delivering packages and has been amazed at the growth in his business the last few years. What would have taken one truck all the deliveries when he started, is now equivalent to three full-time routes year-round. And it isn’t just packages anymore. With the ability for people to buy groceries on line, Moser said they deliver just about anything. “We deliver to some people almost daily and some at least weekly. Some people are addicted to Amazon and others order their groceries and have them delivered through us,” Moser said. “We get to be good friends with most of our customers.” Moser did give a little bit of advice to ensure your packages arrive on time. “Make sure your house number is visible on the outside of your house, and if your house is black, don’t use black letters. Also order early. Everyone knows that we get hammered this time of year, so planning ahead helps,” Moser said. “And if we do make a mistake, call the customer service hotline. They will call us and we can usually figure out what happened, if we mixed up some numbers and just delivered it by accident to the wrong house.” NEVER MISS A STORY! CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FREE EASTIDAHONEWS.COM APP Nichole Stanford, EastIdahoNews.com Visit Stories Stories You May Be Interested In: Rigby men enter Alford plea in cattle theft, rebranding case 28 Dec 2016 Stephan Rockefeller, EastIdahoNews.com Pocatello couple arrested on felony and misdemeanor charges 28 Dec 2016 Natalia Hepworth, EastIdahoNews.com FEEL GOOD FRIDAY: A hidden camera surprise for these local cops 6 Jan 2017 Nate Eaton, EastIdahoNews.com Mother responsible for toddler’s meth overdose sent to prison 4 Jan 2017 Stephan Rockefeller, EastIdahoNews.com Images in the news Related Stories   Idaho Falls Police searching for man who robbed store at gunpoint Footprints lead Idaho Falls police to car theft suspect Pair arraigned on prostitution-related charges Update: Occupants safe in Madison County house fire Fort Hall man convicted of second-degree murder Teen slides off icy county road; neighbors concerned about upkeep Have a tip? We want to hear it!Local news comes from local people! Tell us what’s going on in your area! Send a tip ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE WITH US JOBS OUR TEAM OUR ETHICS OUR PARTNERS TERMS OF USE COPYRIGHT CLAIM PROCEDURE PRIVACY STATEMENT © 2017, EastIdahoNews.com
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH World Americas  • U.S. •  Europe U.K. Asia-Pacific India Australia Africa Middle East One News Page > US > Is Walmart open today? On Christmas Eve? Christmas Day? What are holiday hours for Walmart? Is Walmart open today? On Christmas Eve? Christmas Day? What are holiday hours for Walmart? Saturday, 24 December 2016 (2 weeks ago) Wondering what time Walmart will close over the Christmas 2016 holidays and if the store is open? That's tricky. Walmart hours are different for Christmas Eve, Christmas Day and the day after Christmas, one of the biggest shopping days of the years as shoppers seek deals, discounts and coupons. Here's a closer look if you're asking, "Is Walmart open today?" » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: KFDX - 2 weeks ago< > Embed Christmas Eve Candlelight Service in Holiday Christmas Eve Candlelight Service in Holiday You Might Like Recent related news Schnucks Hours Today: Is Schnucks Open on New Year’s Eve? New Year’s Day?Christmas may be over but there’s still one more special occasion to celebrate in 2016! New Year’s Eve is finally here and families everywhere are heading to... Earn The Necklace 1 week ago - EntertainmentAlso reported by •NJ.com Twin sisters from Devon celebrate Christmas babiesBBC Local News: Devon -- Twin sisters are celebrating the birth of their babies within hours of each other on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. BBC Local News 1 week ago - UK MCC support homeless at Clock Tower on Xmas EveWith hot drinks, music and Christmas gifts, the Metropolitan Community Church (MCC) Brighton shared its Christmas message with the homeless of Brighton & Hove on... GScene 6 days ago - LifestyleAlso reported by •Earn The Necklace Is Walmart open today? New Year's Eve, New Year's Day and Jan. 2, 2017 holiday store hours, dealsHere are Walmart store hours and specials for the New Year's Day weekend, Saturday, Dec. 31, 2016 through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, which is a federal holiday. Use... NJ.com 1 week ago - USAlso reported by •Earn The Necklace New Years Day, Eve Hours: Walmart, Target, Best Buy, Costco, Kmart, Kroger & PublixBoth Walmart and Target are open on New Year’s Day and New Year’s Eve—also on Monday, which is considered a federal holiday. Before going out, check... Epoch Times 6 days ago - USAlso reported by •NJ.com Arson investigation launched into Robin Hood pub Christmas fires...The fire that destroyed a popular pub on Christmas Day morning was started deliberately, the fire service's official investigation has confirmed. Two blazes... Burton Mail 10 hours ago - UK Other recent news in US Florida Gov. Scott Says He Called Trump, But Not Obama, After Fort LAUDERDALE AIRPORT Shooting FORT LAUDERDALE airport shooting witness says gunman was not trying to leave SeaWorld: TILIKUM, Orca That Killed Trainer, Has Died Reports: Speculation Hillary Clinton Could Run for NEW YORK CITY Mayor Mounts 5 Dead, 8 Wounded in Shooting at FLORIDA Airport, Suspect in Custody MICHELLE OBAMA: 'Lead by example, with hope never fear' Trump: MEXICO Will Totally Pay Us Back For Our 'Great Wall' Someday, You'll See This WEEKEND Is All About Chilaquiles Breakfast Tacos & Bottomless Mimosas 'I hope I've made you proud.' FIRST LADY Michelle Obama chokes up during final speech WINTER STORM: South Braces for Snow, Sleet and Freezing Rain Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Barack Obama Michelle Obama Vladimir Putin Carrie Fisher Current Topics Fort Lauderdale Florida Multiple People Final Speech Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Is Nintendo Teaming Up With Nickelodeon? Are You Ready To Tune In.. To Nigel Farage? Has This Disney Director Just Confirmed That Elsa And Anna Have a Secret Brother..? Is It Apple's Time To Face The Music? New Lawsuit Places Firm In Hot Water The UK Just Lost Its Top Brexit Negotiator MOVIE REVIEW: Passengers Coming Soon - A Brief Look AT 2017's Biggest Movies New Year's Honours List: Olympic Stars Celebrated Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1802 comments Featured Guns Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCR .327 Federal Magnum 3:13 PM 11/28/2016 Gun Test: Arex Rex Zero 1S Pistol 10:16 AM 11/23/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Handgun 4:22 PM 11/18/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Woman arrested after allegedly leaving 6-hour-old infant in tras - CBS46 News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Local News Crime Cobb DeKalb Fulton Gwinnett Other Counties Georgia Politics US and World News North Georgia drought and wildfires Traffic Gas Prices Web Links News Tips WeatheRate & 3° Guarantee 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Weekend Forecast Photo Friday Current Temperatures Interactive Map Live Radar Weather Maps Daily Pollen Count Weather Cams with Radar School Closings Download the CBS46 Weather App Photos CBS46 Live Stream Watch CBS Shows Metro Atlanta HD Live Look Cams Better Call Harry Videos Ticket Tuesday Positively Georgia CBS46 Cares Books to Kids Events Atlanta Falcons Atlanta Braves Atlanta Hawks SEC College Sports News Meet the Staff Program Schedule Watch CBS Shows Peachtree TV CBS46 Deals Job openings Internships Contests Closed Captioning Connect With CBS46 Print Woman arrested after allegedly leaving 6-hour-old infant in trash can in New Roads Walmart Posted: Friday, December 23, 2016 10:21 PM EST Updated: Tuesday, December 27, 2016 4:53 PM EST By Rachael Thomas, Digital Content Producer Email Connect rachaelthomas@wafb.com Kyandrea Thomas (Source: EBRSO) Source: WAFB Source: WAFB NEW ROADS, LA (WAFB) - Officials have identified and arrested a woman who allegedly gave birth and left an infant in a trash can at the Walmart in New Roads. According to the Pointe Coupee Parish Sheriff's Office, Kyandrea Thomas, 34, was arrested by New Roads Police Department shortly after noon on December 24. She is charged with attempted second degree murder. Thomas was also arrested in 2009 on a negligent homicide charge after leaving a young child in a hot car. Officials say they believe Thomas gave birth to the baby in the store and proceeded to throw the infant in the trash. She later checked herself into Lane Regional Medical Center, where she was later discharged and taken into custody immediately. According to NRPD, the infant may have been found by a Walmart employee. Chief Deputy Joe Gannon with the Pointe Coupee Parish Coroner's Office says the baby was approximately 4 to 6 hours old when found. The baby was unresponsive at first, but medical personnel were able to stabilize the baby at the hospital. Officials are temporarily calling the baby girl Olivia. The baby was initially taken to Pointe Coupee General Hospital for treatment and was then transferred to Our Lady of the Lake in Baton Rouge via Air Med flight. According to EMS, the baby is currently in stable condition. On Tuesday morning, Thomas was transferred from the East Baton Rouge Parish Prison to the Pointe Coupee Parish Jail. She is currently incarcerated there awaiting a bond hearing. Copyright 2016 WAFB. All rights reserved. Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> weather Sleet, freezing rain reported in north metro Atlanta Winter storm warning in Atlanta to start at 4 p.m. Friday Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 7:42 PM EST2017-01-07 00:42:53 GMT As temperatures continue to cool, sleet and freezing rain is now being reported in north metro Atlanta, as far south as Alpharetta and north Fulton County. More > As temperatures continue to cool, sleet and freezing rain is now being reported in north metro Atlanta, as far south as Alpharetta and north Fulton County.More > Popular Atlanta chef found dead Popular Atlanta chef found dead Updated: Wednesday, January 4 2017 11:59 PM EST2017-01-05 04:59:58 GMT Flowers lay at the door of 8ARM Restaurant on Ponce de Leon in memory of a chef gone too soon. More > Flowers lay at the door of 8ARM Restaurant on Ponce de Leon in memory of a chef gone too soon.More > Georgia counties with the highest percentage of residents receiving public assistance Georgia counties with the highest percentage of residents receiving public assistance Updated: Monday, January 2 2017 11:56 AM EST2017-01-02 16:56:24 GMT Source: MGN Online Although the U.S. economy is continuing to improve, many people are still having a tough time recovering from the recession. Take a look at the counties in Georgia with the highest percentage of resident receiving public assistance. More > Although the U.S. economy is continuing to improve, many people are still having a tough time recovering from the recession. Take a look at the counties in Georgia with the highest percentage of resident receiving public assistance.More > News Video Weather Photos Station Meet the Staff Program Schedule Job Openings Online Public File Closed Captioning Childrens Programming FCC EEO Public File Report Public File Contact All content © 2000- 2017 WGCL-TV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive Del Taco helps local family pay it forward Saturday Dec 24, 2016 at 12:43 PM Dec 24, 2016 at 12:43 PM Rene Ray De La Cruz Staff Writer @DP_ReneDeLaCruz APPLE VALLEY — Good Samaritan Seth Burrell said his family were in joyous shock when Del Taco officials decided to help them “pay if forward” as the family prepares to feed the homeless on Christmas Day. Burrell said Del Taco officials gave his family $100 in restaurant gift cards after the Irvine-based company read the Daily Press’ story “Pay it Forward,” which detailed how a total stranger paid for Christmas toys at the Apple Valley Wal-Mart when the Burrells came up short. During the exchange at Wal-Mart earlier this month, the stranger told Burrell to continue being humble and to “pay it forward” because, "You never know when you might need it again." “Jackie Lytle (field marketing manager) at Del Taco headquarters told me the company wanted to help us feed the homeless on Christmas Day,” Burrell, 29, said. “I was totally speechless and in shock after I spoke to her and she said they were going to give us $100 in gift cards.” Every Christmas Day, for the last nine years, the Burrell family have distributed Del Taco food and personal items to the homeless through the High Desert, the Daily Press reported. Burrell said his wife, Sandy, didn’t believe him when he delivered the "Del Taco good news," adding his entire family went into “wow mode” once the truth sunk in. According to Burrell, his 8-year-old daughter, Marissa, was “beyond excited” to find out that the family will be armed with $100 worth of Del Taco to “feed hungry bellies” this weekend. “You know Marissa, she was so excited,”Burrell said. “My other kids were excited, but they also said, ‘Let’s get a milkshake.’” Burrell said Christmas Day plans for his family include enjoying Christmas dinner, visiting family members throughout the High Desert and handing out the gift cards and warm clothing to the homeless in Apple Valley and Victorville. “It says a lot when a big restaurant chain reaches out to a family that wants to help others,” Burrell said. “We want to thank Jackie and her colleagues at Del Taco, and we want to wish everyone a Merry Christmas.” Rene Ray De La Cruz may be reached at 760-951-6227, RDeLa Cruz@VVDailyPress.com or on Twitter @DP_ReneDeLaCruz. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Home News Local News News Links KOIN 6 Unsolved Photo Galleries Oregon Washington National International Editor’s Pick Sports High School Sports Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Civic Affairs Weekly News Quiz Weather Weather Forecast (Video) 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Radar Interactive Satellite Webcams Wind Tracker Drought Monitor Closings Weather Alerts Weather Blog Pet Walk Forecast PDX Weather App Weather Photos Ski Conditions Special Reports KOIN 6 Unsolved Report It Traffic KOIN Commute Interactive Traffic Map Portland Traffic Cams Vancouver Traffic Cams Watch KOIN 6 News Live Stream CBSN Live Watch CBS Shows KOIN TV Listings KOIN Video Extras Community Coat Drive Oregon Food Bank SOLVE Water…Do Your Part Dick Hannah’s Nice Challenge Wednesday’s Child Second Chance Pets Community Calendar Susan G. Komen More Contests The Governor’s Ball Game On! Contact Us KOIN 6 on Instagram About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team KOIN 6 Mobile KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts Job Postings KOIN 6 Internships KOIN Media 27° F Clear Hi: 34° F Lo: 23° F 7 Day Forecast Weather Radar Satellite 18 Weather Alerts 10 Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News News Links KOIN 6 Unsolved Photo Galleries Oregon Washington National International Editor’s Pick Sports High School Sports Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Civic Affairs Weekly News Quiz Featured: KOIN 6 Blitz Where We Live Latest Headlines UN chief sees ‘historic opportunity’ for Cyprus breakthrough Updated: 4 mins ago UNITED NATIONS (AP) — Secretary-General Antonio Guterres believes there is “a historic opportunity” for a breakthrough in upcoming negotiati… US ambassador meets goal _ visiting 189 UN missions Updated: 4 mins ago UNITED NATIONS (AP) — Samantha Power has completed a personal goal she set when becoming the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations in August… Portland dive teams are ready for ice rescues 5:14 pm Police brace for Sri Lanka rally against port lease to China Updated: 4 mins ago Mexico rejects “threats” against foreign firms’ investments Updated: 44 mins ago Weather Weather Weather Forecast (Video) 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Radar Interactive Satellite Webcams Wind Tracker Drought Monitor Closings Weather Alerts Weather Blog Pet Walk Forecast PDX Weather App Weather Photos Ski Conditions Current Conditions 27° F Clear Feels Like: 14° F Wind: ESE 17 Humidity: 53% Dewpoint: 12° F Sunrise: 7:50 AM Sunset: 4:43 PM Portland Weather Forecast Radar Satellite Currents 7 Day Sponsored by: Special Reports KOIN 6 Unsolved Report It Traffic KOIN Commute Interactive Traffic Map Portland Traffic Cams Vancouver Traffic Cams Watch KOIN 6 News Live Stream CBSN Live Watch CBS Shows KOIN TV Listings KOIN Video Extras Community Coat Drive Oregon Food Bank SOLVE Water…Do Your Part Dick Hannah’s Nice Challenge Wednesday’s Child Second Chance Pets Community Calendar Susan G. Komen More Contests The Governor’s Ball Game On! Contact Us KOIN 6 on Instagram About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team KOIN 6 Mobile KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts Job Postings KOIN 6 Internships KOIN Media Search for: Search the site 27° F Clear Hi: 34° F Lo: 23° F Man accused of touching 9-year-old girl at Walmart If you can help identify him call Albany Police at 541.917.7680 KOIN 6 News Staff Published: December 22, 2016, 4:24 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Police are asking for the public's help identifying this man accused of touching a girl at Walmart. (Albany PD) ALBANY, Ore. (KOIN) — Police are asking for the public’s help identifying a man accused of sexually touching a 9-year-old girl at an Albany Walmart. The girl’s mother said it happened around 5:30 p.m. Wednesday at the Walmart on SE Goldfish Farm Road, Albany Police Dept. said. Anyone with information on the suspect’s identity should call 541.917.7680. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Police: Man tried to kidnap boy at Bend Walmart Oregon City tools thief caught on camera Woman photographed in Walmart bathroom, voyeur caught I-84 shooting suspect pleads not guilty to assault Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Today's Forecast Winter Storm Warning this Weekend 5:01 pm Cold & Sunny Friday, Snow This Weekend Trending Stories on KOIN.com More Crime Stories Hubbard fire investigation focused on murder-suicide 3:07 pm The man and 3 children found dead after a Hubbard house fire suffered gunshot wounds to the head. The adult woman died of blunt force trauma… Missing children may be with wanted mother 1:21 pm The Clackamas County Sheriff’s Office is looking for a 4-year-old and 4-week-old who were meant to be turned over to Department of Human Ser… Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KOIN 6 © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Headlines Investigations Local News National International Editor’s Pick Entertainment Photo Galleries Crime Game On News Links Hollywood Today Live Traffic Weather Weather Closings Weather Alerts 7 Day Forecast Radar Interactive Satellite PDX Weather App Station About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team Contact Us Job Postings KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts KOIN 6 Mobile Report It KOIN TV Listings Business KOIN Media FCC Public File EEO Report Terms of use Privacy Policy Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Contact Us! Go to our ReportIt form to send us your news tips, investigations and weather pictures. You can also ask us programming questions and provide feedback on our digital products. Thank you! Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
My SUN+ account Logout Search Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Edmonton Sun Friday January 6 2017 Home News In News Edmonton Alberta Canada World Weird Archives Sports In Sports Latest Scores Oilers Eskimos Lacrosse Hockey Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Curling Tennis Golf Mixed Martial Arts Other Sports Archives Entertainment In Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Books Stage Archives Life In Life Sex Files Health & Fitness YEG Man Eat Fashion Sun in the Community Archives Tech In Tech News Gadgets Gaming Archives Money In Money Money Home Search Jobs Archives Travel In Travel Alberta Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion In Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos In Photos Videos In Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Sunshine Girl Snowscene Sunshine Girl In Sunshine Girl Become a Sunshine Girl Archives Moremore Flyers This week Snow Scene As Advertised Edmonton Motor Show Homes Weather Golf Twitter / Facebook Contests Special Sections Lottery results Manage my account Read E-edition Must Reads Edmonton Alberta Canada World Weird Archives News Edmonton Adopt-A-Teen Adopt-A-Teen: Hours left and thousands of teens still need your help at Christmas By Claire Theobald First posted: Thursday, December 22, 2016 06:10 PM MST | Updated: Thursday, December 22, 2016 06:19 PM MST Graham Hicks, founder of Edmonton Sun Adopt-A-Teen, would give the sweater off his back to ensure all 9,000 teens on our list have a $50 gift card waiting for them come Christmas. Article Tweet Change text size for the story Print this story Report an error Trees have been trimmed, halls have been decked, tables are being set and relatives are all gathering as Edmontonians prepare for the Christmas season. But as the countdown to Christmas turns from days into hours, Edmonton Sun Adopt-A-Teen still has 2,880 teens in need on our list who are unaccounted for. As of Thursday afternoon, generous donors have gifted Adopt-A-Teen with $306,000 — enough to put a gift under the tree for 6,120 teens on our list, teens who without you would go without. Adopt-A-Teen's 2016 campaign was the biggest ask we've yet made of Edmontonians, hoping to provide a $50 Walmart gift card for as many as 9,000 impoverished teens at Christmas. It can be hard to picture the full scale of poverty in Edmonton, but on the first day of the Christmas Bureau of Edmonton's Walk-In Days — where families who missed the deadline to apply can come to the Jerry Forbes Centre at 12122 68 St. on Thursday and Friday and apply in person to receive a Christmas hamper through the Christmas Bureau of Edmonton, toys for their children from 630 CHED Santas Anonymous and a $50 Walmart gift card for every teen in their home from Adopt-A-Teen on the spot — lines stretched outside the door. “I think there are a lot of families that have tried to see as best they could if they could pull things together, and they just can't,” said Darlene Kowalchuk, executive director of the Christmas Bureau of Edmonton. “They want to give their kids a proper Christmas, a traditional Christmas, something they have done year after year, that we do year after year and take for granted.” Tough economic times across the province have pushed many families into poverty, and as demand for services grows, donations dwindle. “There's a lot of desperation out in the community now,” said Kowalchuk. “Definitely with the economy, everything that is happening right now has caused a lot of people to come looking for help that normally wouldn't.” While impoverished families struggle throughout the year to make ends meet, Christmas can prove an especially trying time. By working together, the Christmas Bureau of Edmonton, 630 CHED Santas Anonymous and Adopt-A-Teen help ensure every family, regardless of their circumstances, can be included in the joy the holidays bring. “Thank you for your kind gesture and making my daughter's Christmas wish come through, God bless you all,” wrote one mother, who was able to afford the perfect gift for her teenage daughter through help from Adopt-A-Teen. Help us make Christmas wishes come true for every underprivileged teen on our list. For more information, or to donate online, visit us at www.adoptateenedmonton.ca To make a donation over the phone, call the Christmas Bureau of Edmonton at 780-414-7694 during regular business hours. Cash or cheques made out to "Adopt-A-Teen Edmonton" can be dropped off in person at any Edmonton fire hall. Cheques can also be mailed to Adopt-A-Teen, c/o The Christmas Bureau, #200, 4230 118 Ave. NW, Edmonton, AB, T5W 1A4. twitter.com/AdoptATeen  As Advertised in the Edmonton SUN Adopt-A-Teen Adopt-A-Teen: Hours left and thousands of teens still need your help at Christmas By Claire Theobald First posted: Thursday, December 22, 2016 06:10 PM MST | Updated: Thursday, December 22, 2016 06:19 PM MST Trees have been trimmed, halls have been decked, tables are being set and relatives are all gathering as Edmontonians prepare for the Christmas season. But as the countdown to Christmas turns from days into hours, Edmonton Sun Adopt-A-Teen still has 2,880 teens in need on our list who are unaccounted for. As of Thursday afternoon, generous donors have gifted Adopt-A-Teen with $306,000 — enough to put a gift under the tree for 6,120 teens on our list, teens who without you would go without. Adopt-A-Teen's 2016 campaign was the biggest ask we've yet made of Edmontonians, hoping to provide a $50 Walmart gift card for as many as 9,000 impoverished teens at Christmas. It can be hard to picture the full scale of poverty in Edmonton, but on the first day of the Christmas Bureau of Edmonton's Walk-In Days — where families who missed the deadline to apply can come to the Jerry Forbes Centre at 12122 68 St. on Thursday and Friday and apply in person to receive a Christ About the author Claire Theobald Other Stories 'Ukrainian Christmas' just around the corner It's not too late to wish your Ukrainian friends a "Khrystos Rodyvsya," as Ukrainian-Canadian families prepare to celebrate Christmas on Saturday.“Ukrainian Christmas is all about food and family and faith,” said Kevin Baron, senior interpreter with the Ukrainian Cultural Heritage Village, about 50 kilometres east of Edmonton. Thousands take in Edmonton New Year's Eve events There were plenty of options around Edmonton for those looking to start 2017 with a bang. See more from Claire Theobald » Top stories Popular Latest Videos Larsson silencing critics of Taylor Hall trade Political correctness has run amok Man charged in first Edmonton homicide of 2017 'The firing just went on and on'; 5 dead in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting Woman accused of manslaughter may be in Edmonton, say RCMP Stats suggest more photo radar dollars should be spent on infrastructure fixes, council hopeful says Airport shooting suspect 'lost his mind' after Iraq tour: Aunt U.S. ambassador to Canada told to step down Carbon tax will cost Alberta schools millions, push up school fees, Wildrose says 'The firing just went on and on'; 5 dead in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting Woman found dead at northwest Edmonton house Walterdale Bridge Tour Edmonton property owners see dip in value thanks to slow economy, says city Ups and downs seen in Edmonton's 2017 housing forecast You will see benefits of carbon tax More from Edmonton Stats suggest more photo radar dollars should be spent on infrastructure fixes, council hopeful says Carbon tax will cost Alberta schools millions, push up school fees, Wildrose says Slingshot vandal dodges criminal record for bus shelter 'carnage' Man charged in first Edmonton homicide of 2017 Woman who beat husband to death sentenced to 15 years in prison Inside Edmonton sun.com Home Rounds Fore Less 2016 Home Send/read letters News Judge rebukes suspects in beating News Judge allows Que. man to keep pet crow News Where should photo radar dollars be spent? News Family struggled with former soldier's PTSD News Human remains found in Lake Erie News Airport shooting suspect 'lost' mind News Walmart, Visa declare truce over credit card fees News U.S. ambassador to Canada told to step down News City senior unfit for trial in wife's death News Carbon tax to cost schools millions says Wildrose Home Mobile version News Edmonton Alberta Canada World Weird Archives Sports Latest Scores Oilers Eskimos Lacrosse Hockey Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Curling Tennis Golf MMA Other Sports Archives Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Books Stage Archives Life Sex Files Health & Fitness YEG Man Eat Fashion Sun in the Community Archives Tech News Gadgets Gaming Archives Money Money Home Search Jobs Archives Travel Alberta Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Sunshine Girl Snowscene Flyers This week Snow Scene As Advertised Edmonton Motor Show Homes Weather Golf Twitter / Facebook Contests Special Sections Lottery results Manage my account Read E-edition Must Reads Sunshine Girl Follow Rss Facebook Twitter Subscribe Sun+ Print mobile Manage my account Buy SUN items Archives & Services Page Edmonton Sun Contact Us Letters to the editor Online Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Advertise In print Online Classified Advertising Opportunities Sun publications Toronto Sun Ottawa Sun Winnipeg Sun Calgary Sun More Publications Site map Privacy policy Terms & conditions Powered by Fatwire Canoe Sun Media is a member of Copyright © 2016 All rights reserved
Business Home LBoard Police: Religious depts not tough enough against extremism Muzliza Mustafa Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Asian stocks fall after Wall Street rally stalls AFP | December 23, 2016 Asian markets were hit after the Dow's closely monitored quest to hit 20,000 points hit another roadblock Thursday, with declines by retailers Wal-Mart Stores and Home Depot contributing to the index's second straight fall. HONG KONG: Most Asian markets fell Friday following a retreat on Wall Street and as oil prices weakened on the last trading day before Christmas. Regional stocks mirrored negative sentiment globally, with shares of US retailers falling sharply Thursday on anxiety about the holiday shopping period, and European stocks under pressure over worries about Italy’s ailing Monte dei Paschi di Siena bank. Hong Kong, Shanghai and Sydney were all down Friday amid muted sentiment ahead of the holiday, although Seoul posted a modest rise, while Tokyo was closed for a public holiday. Oil was also struggling Friday, with both contracts down. Asian markets were hit after the Dow’s closely monitored quest to hit 20,000 points hit another roadblock Thursday, with declines by retailers Wal-Mart Stores and Home Depot contributing to the index’s second straight fall. But volume was depressed due to many traders taking a vacation ahead of the holiday weekend. The yen — which has fallen sharply against the greenback since Donald Trump’s shock US presidential election win in November — rose against the dollar Friday as the greenback’s rally stalled. However, analysts tipped the US currency to build on its recent strength in the New Year. “Going into next year, we are confident the dollar will continue to make headway. It will be the currency that appreciates in 2017, it’s just a question of how much,” Andrew Milligan, head of global strategy at Standard Life Investments in Edinburgh, told Bloomberg News. Italy bank bailout Observers are widely betting Trump’s plans for a fiscal stimulus will stoke growth in the world’s largest economy, and speculation of higher spending has already sent the dollar to near a 14-year high against the euro. Mainland Chinese investors have been fretting over a weakening yuan, which has plunged 13 percent against the greenback since its peak in January 2014. The world’s second largest economy is also facing massive capital outflows as investors seek better and more stable investments abroad. The mood in Asia was not helped despite news Friday the Italian government has approved a bailout plan to rescue the country’s struggling banks on Friday, with Monte dei Paschi di Siena (BMPS) likely the first in line to receive state aid. BMPS is at the centre of a crisis in Italy’s financial sector, which includes some 700 banks and is buckling under the weight of bad loans estimated to total 360 billion euros. The plight of the stricken Italian lender has sparked fears of a possible rekindling of the eurozone debt crisis. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story World-famous diamond inspires new and bloody history Selangor Dayak NGO urges unity on Adat law issue ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Termination of franchise: Chatime operator in Malaysia to… MAS plane with Malaysian politicians turns back to KLIA Saya campak duit RM1 juta, kata Jamal Rat in 7-Eleven food warmer ‘self-contained, no… Najib rebranding himself, says The Economist DBKL denies RM1,500 fee to clean grease traps too high Genting Sempah tunnel to close for 60 days during daytime Sheikh Muszaphar seeking new frontiers with AladdinStreet Ramai warga Felda hebat, kenapa tak pilih, soal Anak Time for MACC to be independent, says Amanah leader ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Tak payah beri pilihan, laksana saja DLP How often are children abused in hostels? Why clamp cars parked within designated lots? ‘Perception is reality’ whether we like it or not Fines not enough to deter road traffic offenders BR1M goes deep, doesn’t just scratch the surface More... FMT Bahasa Mangsa banjir Terengganu meningkat semula, Kelantan berkurangan Tak payah beri pilihan, laksana saja DLP MH370: Makin buntu, siasatan terhadap kru, penumpang ‘negatif’ Sudah tiba masanya SPRM bebas, kata pemimpin Amanah Ramai warga Felda hebat, kenapa tak pilih, soal Anak Tikus: Pemanas 7-Eleven tutup rapat tak perlu infestasi More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
The all new CBS News App for Android® for iPad® for iPhone® Fully redesigned. Featuring CBSN, 24/7 live news. Get the App ╳ CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Sign in with         CBS Moneywatch Markets Money Work Small Business Retirement Tech Trending Video Get Trending Videos CBSN Live » Your Holiday Financial Guide Tips for best holiday tech gifts CBS This Morning Intelligence on Russian hack CBS This Morning Conway on Trump intel briefing CBS This Morning Facebook Live Chicago attack CBS This Morning New York snow storm CBS This Morning Parents of man killed by ISIS CBS This Morning SeaWorld phases out orca shows CBS This Morning Life after a murder verdict CBS This Morning President Washington's farewell Trending Glass penny from World War II sells for $70,000 Trending Jobless rate inched up in December, but wage growth jumps Trending Obamacare repeal warning: "massive job losses" Trending Is my Macy's store closing? Trending Mercedes is recalling 48K SUVs over airbag sensors Trending Coca-Cola lawsuit alleges deception in marketing practices Trending Federal Reserve eyes stepped-up rate hikes if growth moves faster Trending MyPillow gets downgraded over sales promo Trending Wendy's shows how to handle beef with Twitter troll Trending U.S. new vehicle sales near record in 2016, as demand slows Trending Ford ditches planned Mexico plant; will invest $700M in Michigan facility Trending 7 CEOs in the hot seat for 2017 By Lance Whitney MoneyWatch December 23, 2016, 5:00 AM Last-minute gift ideas, courtesy of the experts at Consumer Reports Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Still trying to think of the right holiday gifts for family, friends and other people in your life? Well, you want to buy something that ties into the person’s interests or hobbies. You want something that’s reliable, safe and recommended by a good source. And you want something that fits in your budget.  To match all those criteria, consider the venerable Consumer Reports and its 2016 Holiday Gift Guide, which breaks down products by different categories to make it easier to pick out the right gift. Play Video Your Holiday Financial Guide Popular tech gifts this holiday season If you got a late start on your Christmas shopping, don't worry. CNET senior editor Ashley Esqueda joins CBSN with some ideas for last-minute tec... CR’s Gift Guide suggests presents for people who are into technology, those who like to cook or just eat, and those who like home appliances. You’ll also find categories based on who you’re shopping for and how much you want to spend. You can browse each category to view the top picks, along with brief descriptions, price and where to purchase. Since it doesn’t accept advertising, Consumer Reports has long enjoyed a reputation as an impartial and independent judge of the best products on the market. So following its advice seems like a good way to pick out just the right gift for people who aren’t always easy to shop for. So let’s peruse the gift ideas CR suggests by category to see if it takes some of the challenges out of holiday shopping. Gifts for tech lovers Personal technology is a hot category and one that CR has filled with a variety of gift ideas. Under the category called “The Gift of Tech,” CR has served up recommendations on everything from headphones to to computers. Here are some the many gift ideas: 1) The Phiaton BT 100 NC headphone is available from Amazon for $100. Offering very good sound quality and noise-canceling technology, this headphone sits in place securely through a collar that fits around your neck. 2) The Sonos Play:5 (2015) wireless home speaker is sold by Amazon for $465. The speaker delivers very good sound, is simple to set up and can provide audio for a medium to large room. 3) The Apple TV (32 GB) (4th Gen) streaming media player is available from Amazon for $150. The latest version of Apple’s set-top box comes just in the nick of time for the holidays. It offers a speedier processor, a touchpad remote control and support for the Siri voice assistant. 4) The Amazon Echo wireless speaker is sold by Amazon for $180. Using a voice assistant known as Alexa, the Echo is a speaker system that resides in your home to provide news and weather, play music, order products online and control smart home appliances. Alexa can respond to your questions and commands, perform specific tasks and connect to Amazon’s cloud-based services. 5) The Lenovo Ideacentre 700 all-in-one 24-inch computer sells for $900. This one is a “lightning-fast desktop computer,” according to CR, with the power to help you edit videos and provide ample storage with its 1 terabyte hard drive. 6) The Epson Expression Premium XP-830 inkjet printer, scanner, and copier will cost you $104 at Amazon. This device offers a touchscreen display along with a feeder for copying and scanning documents. You can also send paperless faxes via your computer. 7) The Samsung Galaxy S7 smartphone goes for $650 at its full retail price. Outfitted with a 5.1-inch screen, Samsung’s latest flagship phone offers a 12.2-megapixel rear camera, healthy battery life and a water-resistant glass body. The base model comes with only 32GB of on-board storage, but you can up that to more than 128GB with the right microSD card. 8) The Apple Watch Series 2 (38mm) Aluminum case smartwatch runs $470. Apple has updated its smartwatch series with new features, most notably ones geared toward fitness buffs. The watch is now water-resistant up to 164 feet, includes built-in GPS to track your jogs and lets you share your workout details with other people. 9) The Microsoft Surface Book laptop starts at $1,499 at Walmart. Equipped with a detachable screen that transforms it into a tablet, the base model of Microsoft’s Surface Book offers a 13.5-inch touchscreen display, an Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB of RAM and 128GB of onboard storage. Those specs provide a hefty amount of power, but you can upgrade the processor, memory, and storage to truly beef up the machine. The Surface Book is ideal for photo and video editing, said CR, while the included Surface Pen helps you draw and take notes easily and precisely. 10) The Apple MacBook 12-inch MF855LL/A computer goes for $1,200 at its base configuration. Outfitted with a 12-inch Retina display, this model features a speedy Intel Core M 1.1GHz processor, 8GB of memory, a 256GB solid state drive and Intel HD Graphics 5300 graphics. A weight of only 2 pounds and 16 hours on a single battery charge are icing on the cake. The one item missing is an optical drive, so you’d have to buy an external drive if you need to use a CD or DVD. Appliance gifts Home appliances may not always be sexy, but they can certainly come in handy to help your gift recipient better take care of the home, more easily tackle housework, and cook up tasty meals more quickly. Here you’ll find everything from robot vacuums to microwaves to cookware to coffee makers. Some of the gift ideas include: 1) Samsung POWERbot SR20H9051 Series vacuum cleaner sells for $1,000. This robotic vacuum earned a top score from CR because of its ability to effectively clean both carpets and bare floors. The Samsung product’s edge brushes serve nicely to clean along walls, while the unit’s squared-off front helps it clean corners better than most of the competition. 2) The Roomba 880 vacuum cleaner is a less pricey robot vacuum than Samsung’s model, selling for just $500. The Roomba 880 was CR’s top pick before Samsung’s vacuum debuted and is still highly rated for its ability to clean both carpets and bare floors. And since it’s only 4 inches tall, this Roomba excels at cleaning under sofas and other low-ceiling objects. 3) The Samsung MC11H6033CT microwave oven goes for $300. Equipped with a convection mode, Samsung’s microwave can brown and crisp food better than rival units. The unit earned good grades for its ability to heat and defrost food evenly. You can even use it to bake a cake. 4) The Swiss Diamond Reinforced 10 piece #6010 kitchen cookware sells for $500 to $600. For that price, you get 8-inch and 9-inch frypans, 1.4-quart and 2.2-quart saucepans, a 3.2-quart saute pan, an 8.5-quart stockpot, and glass lids. The cookware is made of cast aluminum and offers nonstick coating. 5) The Bialetti Moka Express Stovetop Espresso Maker starts at $22 at Amazon. Available in five different sizes and various colors, the Bialetti Espresso Maker impressed Consumer Reports as it’s found in the homes of almost 90 percent of Italian households. The design ensures that heat is distributed evenly and that the two halves are easy to connect. Gifts for teens and ’tweens Looking for a present for your son, daughter, nephew, niece or someone else in the younger crowd? CR serves up some suggestions here, such as the Apple MacBook 12-inch MF855LL/A computer,  the Apple Watch Series 2 (38mm) Aluminum case smartwatch, and the The Lenovo Ideacentre 700 all-in-one 24-inch computer. Other ideas included the $99 1MORE E1001 Triple Driver headphone that offers “excellent sound quality” and comes with nine different earpieces in various sizes, the $350 Braven BRV-XXL wireless Bluetooth speaker that’s rugged enough to take with you on outdoor excursions, and the $200 Fujifilm FinePix XP90 digital camera equipped with a 6-megapixel lens, a 2.9-inch LCD, and 5x optical zoom. Gifts for moms and dads Find it harder to pick the right gift for your parents each year? CR’s suggestions may just help narrow down the choices. For mom, the magazine recommends Apple’s iPhone 7 starting at $650, the Fitbit Surge fitness tracker running for $250, and an iCoffee RCB100-BC12 coffee maker for $105. For pops, you may want to consider such items as a Garmin Vivosmart HR fitness tracker for $119, an LG OLED55E6P 55-inch 3D-capable OLED Ultra HD TV for $3,165, or a $600 Nikon Coolpix P900 digital camera. Gifts for grandmas and grandpas Looking for the right present for your grandparents? Some ideas from Consumer Reports include the Amazon Kindle Oasis WiFi e-book reader for $289, the $92 Clarity BT914 cordless phone with built-in answering machine, and the $40 Hunter QLS-03 portable humidifier. Gifts that best fit your budget Sometimes you’re seeking the right present for a family member, relative, friend, co-worker, or even just a casual acquaintance and don’t want to spend too much. CR’s gift ideas include items under a certain price if you’re working with a specific budget. Don’t want to spend more than $200. Consider such items as the $150 Apple TV (32 GB) (4th Gen) streaming media player, the $180 Asus ZenPad S 8.0 Z580C-B1 (32GB) tablet, and the $120 Brother MFC-J680DW all-in-one inkjet printer. For less than $100, you can snag a $60 Bell Draft Mips bike helmet for bicyclists, a Krups 2-Slice KH732D50 toaster for as little as $40, and a Ninja Personal Blender for $75. Need to go even cheaper? CR’s gift ideas under $50 include a Cuisinart CastLite Non-Stick 10-inch CIL22-26R kitchen cookware for $35, a Cuisinart Power Advantage HM-50 mixer for as little as $33, and a Scosche SportClip 3 headphone for as low as $28. And finally, if you don’t want to shell out more than $25 on a gift, check out the $22 Bialetti Moka Express Stovetop Espresso Maker, a bag of Blue Bottle Three Africans coffee beans for $15, and the Proctor-Silex Cool-Touch 22203 toaster for a little as $16. © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc.. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in Moneywatch 20 of the coolest places to retire in the world Find out what activities and attractions make these 20 cities and town some of the best places to retire around the world 10 products you should never buy generic Generics are a great way to save money in lots of cases, but here is a look at some clear exceptions Popular Market Data Latest Features Jeans that give directions? "Smart" products at CES Stocks keep climbing, even as job growth slows U.S. approves fix for some Volkswagen diesels Are consumers ready for homes that listen to them? Obamacare repeal warning: "massive job losses" Market News Moneywatch Spotlight 11 jobs that pay at least $100K at top U.S. employers 10 homes you can buy for $6 million 7 key retirement trends for 2017 and beyond 10 things likely to be less expensive in 2017 6 top food boxes for the holidays and beyond Stock Watchlist New Fire TV App Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions News provided by The Associated Press. Company fundamental data provided by Zacks. CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
null
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Asian stocks fall after Wall Street rally stallsAFP – Fri, Dec 23, 2016 11:25 AM AEDT Related Content View Photo Most Asian markets fell Friday following a retreat on Wall Street and as oil prices weakened on the last trading day before Christmas Hong Kong and Shanghai led an Asian sell-off Friday, as markets followed Wall Street lower and oil prices weakened on the last trading day before Christmas. Regional stocks mirrored negative sentiment globally, with shares of US retailers falling sharply and European stocks under pressure over worries about Italy's ailing Monte dei Paschi di Siena bank. Shanghai suffered the sharpest downturn Friday of almost one percent, while Hong Kong ended 0.28 percent down and Sydney also shed 0.28 percent on a shortened trading day in Australia ahead of the Christmas holiday. Tokyo was closed for a public holiday, Singapore fell 0.28 percent and Seoul edged up 0.01 percent. "Hong Kong stocks are troubled by capital outflows," Ben Kwong, executive director at KGI Asia in Hong Kong, told Bloomberg News. China is facing massive capital outflows as investors seek better and more stable investments abroad. Traders on the mainland were also grappling with fears over rising borrowing costs in the world's two largest economies. The US Federal Reserve raised borrowing costs earlier this month, while China has tightened monetary conditions. And oil struggled Friday, with both contracts down. Asian markets were hit after the Dow's closely monitored quest to hit 20,000 points struck another roadblock Thursday, with declines by retailers Wal-Mart Stores and Home Depot contributing to the index's second straight fall. - Italy bank bailout - In forex trade, the yen -- which has fallen sharply against the greenback since Donald Trump's shock US presidential election win in November -- rose against the dollar Friday. However, analysts tipped the US currency to build on its recent strength in the New Year. "Going into next year, we are confident the dollar will continue to make headway. It will be the currency that appreciates in 2017, it's just a question of how much," Andrew Milligan, head of global strategy at Standard Life Investments in Edinburgh, told Bloomberg News. Observers are betting Trump's plans for a fiscal stimulus will stoke growth in the US, and speculation of higher spending has already sent the dollar to near a 14-year high against the euro. Mainland Chinese investors have been fretting over a weakening yuan, which has plunged 13 percent against the greenback since its peak in January 2014. The mood in Asia remained downbeat despite news Friday the Italian government has approved a bailout plan to rescue the country's struggling banks, with Monte dei Paschi di Siena (BMPS) likely the first in line to receive state aid. BMPS is at the centre of a crisis in Italy's financial sector, which includes some 700 banks and is buckling under the weight of bad loans estimated to total 360 billion euros. The plight of the stricken Italian lender has sparked fears of a possible rekindling of the eurozone debt crisis. In early European trade London fell almost 0.1 percent while Paris rose nearly 0.1 percent and Frankfurt gained 0.2 percent. - Key figures around 0800 GMT - Tokyo - Nikkei 225: Closed Hong Kong - Hang Seng: DOWN 0.28 percent at 21,574.76 (close) Shanghai - Composite: DOWN 0.94 percent at 3,110.15 (close) Euro/dollar: UP at $1.0442 from $1.0438 Dollar/yen: DOWN at 117.46 yen from 117.56 yen Pound/dollar: DOWN at $1.2281 from $1.2373 Oil - West Texas Intermediate: DOWN 33 cents at $52.62 per barrel Oil - Brent North Sea: DOWN 29 cents at $54.76 New York - Dow: DOWN 0.1 percent at 19,918.88 (close) London - FTSE 100: DOWN 0.1 percent at 7,059.72 points Top Stories » Jamie Oliver to shut 6 UK restaurantsAAP Celebrity chef Jamie Oliver is shutting six of his 42 Jamie's Italian restaurants in Britain amid tough trading … Fiat avoids Trump wrath, but Mexico imports coming soonAFP Mexico slams 'threats' against investorsAFP VW near $2 bn US criminal settlement in 'dieselgate': reportAFP Sponsored  On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Car Insurance Sussan Ley NBN Florida airport Interflora James Hird Interest rate Australia Mexico wall Australia energy Tilikum Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscribe now Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search weather unavailableweather unavailable Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Religion Tarpon Springs High senior makes most of last chance at cross US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News What we know about Esteban Santiago, suspect in the Fort Lauderdale airport shooting Details emerge on suspect in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting that killed 5 14-year-old Pasco County teen tried to smother baby with pillow, deputies say Tampa turns crimson and orange as fans pour in for football celebration Tarpon Springs High senior makes most of last chance at cross News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana The Obameter: Eight years and 533 campaign promises later, measuring Barack Obama's legacy Top News Declassified report says Russian President Putin ordered intervention in presidential election Doesn't Donald Trump have more important things to do than tweet Arnold Schwarzenegger? Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi won't talk about job in Trump administration President-elect Trump says focus on Russian hacking is a 'political witch hunt' Everglades restoration: Debate rages over plan to spend $800 million to build a massive water cleaning reservoir? Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Evan Longoria Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More College College Football Playoff: Alabama's Nick Saban and the friend who helped show him the way Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News College Football Playoff: Alabama's Nick Saban and the friend who helped show him the way Sleeping Alabama, Clemson fans expected to crowd Tampa International Airport before their overnight flights home Estimated cost of ads for College Football championship: $1 million College Football Playoff: Dig deep into the tale of the turf at Raymond James College Football Playoff: Jalen Hurts, an unflappable true freshman QB Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2016 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Events Where's the party? Concerts, fireworks and parties for Tampa's College Football Playoff weekend Top News Golden Globes movie predictions: 'Moonlight,' 'La La Land,' Emma Stone and more Collection of 700-pound silver statues return 'home' for big game With new grants, Florida Orchestra is increasing its presence around the state Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Rethink Tampa's downtown library space Top Opinion Mark Sharpe: The key to growing Tampa Bay's economy Editorial: Rethink Tampa's downtown library space Editorial: A duty to repair Jordan Park housing complex Editorial: The Florida Orchestra reaches out Editorial: Legislature should standardize civil citations for juveniles Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Human Interest At 17, she gave him up and 45 years later, her son called Top News Golden Globes TV predictions: 'The Crown,' 'The People vs. O.J. Simpson" and more SeaWorld: Tilikum, orca that killed trainer, has died Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test You may not have heard of Superior Uniform in Seminole, but you probably see their apparel every day By Les Neuhaus, Times Correspondent LES NEUHAUSTampa Bay Times Friday, December 23, 2016 5:30am Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged Previous Next Previous Next SEMINOLE — Tucked away down an unassuming entryway off Seminole Boulevard, shielded by other roadside businesses, is the headquarters for Superior Uniform Group. Related News/Archive Have you noticed golf carts zipping down your street? That's UPS delivering holiday packages 3 Weeks Ago Which Tampa Bay neighborhood home values will rise most this year? The answer may surprise you. 10 Hours Ago Shhh, your washing machine might overhear you 1 Day Ago You may not have heard of the 96-year-old company, but chances are you come in contact with people wearing its apparel every day. "Sometimes when going home, I look on either side of the road and see our clients everywhere," Michael Benstock, Superior Uniform Group's CEO since 2003, said recently during an interview at his office. More than 5 million employees in the United States wear Superior's uniforms every day in sectors like health care, retail, transportation, private security and food service. Superior's portfolio of impressive Fortune 500 clients include household names like Walmart, Lowe's, Waffle House, CVS, Walgreens, Disney, Sonic and many more. The company was founded in 1920 by Benstock's Lithuanian great-grandmother in Long Island, N.Y., with his grandfather building and expanding the business. It went public with an IPO in 1968, relocated to Pinellas County in 1978 and switched from the American Stock Exchange to the Nasdaq in 2008. From 2011 through 2015, the company experienced 17 percent growth, practically doubling its net sales from $112.4 million to $210.3 million, and is expected to top out at roughly $250 million for 2016. Superior has diversified, too, stepping into other industries like the production of promotional products, staffing remote call centers, distribution and program management, and now has manufacturing facilities in Central America, the Horn of Africa, and south and east Asia. Superior posted net income of $13.1 million, or 90 cents a share, in 2015, compared to net income of $11.3 million, or 82 cents a share, a year earlier. With accolades, awards and prestigious annual rankings to its credit, Superior Uniform Group was named to Fortune magazine's list of the 100 fastest-growing companies in the world in September, coming in at No. 24. How did it get there? Much of it can be credited to the growth under Benstock's leadership. "You have to be laser-focused on projecting where you want to be and tuning out some of the day-to-day noise," Benstock, 61, said. "We manage our business long term, and you've got to have great people. I'll take fire in the belly over a college degree any time." Benstock's style and background go against the grain of what most people think makes up a typical executive profile. Although he finished high school at 16 and attended Cornell, Lehigh and Tel Aviv universities, he readily admits he never graduated from college, instead winding up in Israel, where he said he became a citizen and joined the Israeli Defense Forces, serving from 1974 to 1979 as a member of its underwater demolition teams. He's up at 4 a.m., out of the gym by 5:30 and the last out of the office, he said. Keeping his 1,200 employees happy starts by being engaged, he said. "Everybody wants to know that what we're doing is interesting, but they also want to know if there's something else available that's more interesting and pays better," he said. "Business is not about standing still and still succeeding. You've got to satisfy shareholders, so you've got to grow." Negotiating deals and buying companies are challenges that appeal to Benstock — not for the vanity and ego, but for the simple reason that most of what is earned is typically poured back into the company, he said, which makes it stronger. And he doesn't mind letting people know Superior Uniform Group is well organized. "There's not another publicly traded company in Florida that has as solid of a balance sheet than we have," he said. The company has an ambitious long-term objective of exceeding organic net sales growth at a rate of 6 percent per year, he said. With the number of acquisitions Superior has been undertaking, it's a realistic goal, Benstock said. In March, Superior bought Los Angeles-based BAMKO Inc., a merchandising company with subsidiaries in Hong Kong, England, Brazil and China, and an affiliate in India, according to a statement Superior released at the time. Benstock confirmed Superior bought BAMKO Inc. for $15.8 million in cash. As a part of the deal, the uniform company issued about $5.5 million in shares of its stock that will vest over five years. Further, Superior agreed to a possible payment in the future of up to $5.5 million in additional contingent consideration through 2021 and is assuming some of BAMKO's liabilities. Before BAMKO, Superior acquired uniform maker HPI Direct in 2013 for $34.8 million in cash and stock, plus future payouts, Benstock said. He hinted at another acquisition on the horizon for Superior but wouldn't give a name. According to Sanjiv Bhaskar, an analyst and vice president of research at Frost and Sullivan, the fact that Superior made the top 100 fastest growing companies in the world in Fortune is significant. "Superior has their own manufacturing facilities around the world — that helps them have control over their design," Bhaskar said by telephone from San Antonio, Texas. "The good news for the uniform services industry is that there are plenty of smaller companies to gobble up. And they are a good acquisition company. They have the experience of acquiring and integrating those companies successfully, something they seem to have mastered, which is good for them." Benstock suggested the company may have to think about expansion when asked how Superior keeps the good times going. "Just keep doing what we're doing," he said. "It seems to be working so far. I've only got room for 80 more cars in the parking lot." You may not have heard of Superior Uniform in Seminole, but you probably see their apparel every day 12/23/16 [Last modified: Friday, December 23, 2016 6:12pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Today's top stats MORE Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Purchase photos Reprints and licensing Online store Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2016 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Home FREE KP CLASSIFIED AD Submit Announcement About Us Circulation Contact Us CONTEST Watch Family-Life TV Live Stream Here NewsDesk Puzzles INFORMATION CENTER Today’s Edition Obituaries Hundreds Participate in Annual Lion’s Club Holiday Dinner Approximately 500 meals were prepared for senior citizens by Kittanning Lion’s Club volunteers on Sunday, December 10. by David Croyle The dog may not have been sitting at their feet waiting for a morsel of food to fall from their plate, but everything else resembled a holiday meal with family in a really big dining room of the St. Mary Parish Hall. This was the 41st year for the Kittanning Lion’s Club to serve up large helpings of turkey, stuffing, potatoes, a vegetable, and, of course, dessert. Delores Croyle, an East Franklin Township resident and Secretary for the Club, recalled the humble beginnings of the festive event. “They started it because of when they first built the highrises, they said there were senior citizens who either had lost their spouse or their family had moved away and they would not bother preparing a holiday meal. So, we thought that we would give them a free dinner between Thanksgiving and Christmas so that they would at least have one nice meal. And, then it just expanded to everybody.” Prior to the meal on Sunday, December 11, there were 475 reservations. However, despite a snowy day, the final count was more than 380 meals packaged for take-out and 120 people dining in the hall. As the event has grown throughout the years, so has the budget. Delores praised various merchants and organizations for their support. “We’ve been getting donations from different people. Wal-Mart is a big donor towards this event. We received donations from Rosebud Mining; from Dr. Frank Genovese -who is one of our associate members; and from Representative Jeff Pyle. Because of all the donations people give, it really doesn’t cost our Lion’s Club all that much, usually about $300-$400 total to feed a turkey dinner to 500 people.” It takes quite a few helpers – from meal preparation through the actual serving of the meal. “Other than getting the orders by individual members ahead of time, we spent 4 hours (Saturday). There were 16 of us here getting things ready (Sunday morning),” Delores estimated. “Sprankles cooked the turkeys for us and brought them over like 7 yesterday morning and then our members deboned them and we make everything ahead. We bought the buns from Sprankles. We got other things from Shop-n-Save and Sam’s Club – all the supplies for the meal. We have the Armstrong River Hawks Leo Club and the Lenape Vo-Tech Leo Club helping. Without them, we probably could not be serving all these people. We’ve probably got 20-25 people helping today from 7 in morning and til 3PM.” Alice Kammerdeiner lives at Garden Towers in Kittanning. She normally spends Thanksgiving and Christmas with her daughter on Hazel Street, but this is a special time for them. She was grateful for the hard work of the volunteers. “It’s delicious! The food is very, very good,” she said. “I’ve been here before.” Delores said the outreach by the Lion’s Club has special meaning to her. “I know my mother used to like getting this dinner because she was one that wouldn’t be preparing a dinner at this time. I’ve got relatives who’ve come in and they are enjoying the dinner. I like watching the people. They make it a social event. There are several that get together with their friends. I take the reservations and I’ll see like 6 people all signed up at once. And, they come in, and they sit, and they talk, and socialize. They spend longer than it takes just to eat a meal. The people enjoy themselves and then they stay with coffee afterwards and just talk.  It’s a nice socialization type of little party before Christmas.” Delores said the Kittanning club has members from different areas. “Our members are out in Adrian; we have some down Freeport; but basically Kittanning. We have some from Ford City even though there is a Ford City club. The Manor Club closed and so we have some from that area and out towards Kittanning Township. Rural Valley has its own Club and Worthington has its own Club. So, we’ll take anyone in between. We’d like to have members from Templeton too, but no one from that direction has asked to join us. We’re always looking for new members.” Persons who are considering joining the Lion’s Club can contact a member for an application. Annual dues are $55. A group of 25 volunteers did everything from preparation to serving a holiday meal to nearly 500 senior citizens at the St. Mary Parish Hall. This is the 41st year that the Kittanning Lion’s Club has offered a turkey dinner with all the trimmings between Thanksgiving and Christmas. Pictured on the serving line are: (L-R) Delores Croyle, Ted Croyle, Judy Crytzer, Megan Brown, and Steven Brown.           Local News | David Croyle December 23, 2016 No Comments No comments yet. RSS feed for comments on this post. Leave a comment You must be logged in to post a comment. Register Log in Recent News Headlines County Health Center Sold to Philadelphia-based Bidder Armstrong School Officials Narrow Possible Stadium Architects West Shamokin Girls Basketball Add Another Win to Their Record Against Marion Center Armstrong County Health Center Sold to Philadelphia Group East Franklin Township Auditors Issue Wage Increases Former Worthington Office Workers Plead Guilty to Theft Charges West Shamokin’s Fourth Quarter Surge Proved Not Enough Against Penns Manor Petrosky Named Manor Township Full-Time Police Chief Pages About Us Circulation Contact Us CONTEST FREE KP CLASSIFIED AD INFORMATION CENTER NewsDesk Obituaries Puzzles Submit Announcement Today’s Edition Watch Family-Life TV Live Stream Here Watch Family-Life TV Now! News Room Apollo Armstrong County Court House Armstrong School District BENNETT: Commentary Birth Announcements Dayton East Franklin Editorial Ford City Ford Cliff Freeport Front Porch Gossip Kittanning Borough Kittanning Township Leechburg Local News Local Sports Manor Township Obituaries Pine Township Regional News Regional Sports RETTIG: My Two Cents Sugarcreek Township Uncategorized West Kittanning Worthington WTYM AM 1380 Radio Recent Comments blutoblutarsky on Armstrong School Officials Narrow Possible Stadium Architects blutoblutarsky on 2017-18 House Leadership Team includes Regional Officials blutoblutarsky on When Other Papers Don’t Publish, WE DO! scott_starr on When Other Papers Don’t Publish, WE DO! Marc on When Other Papers Don’t Publish, WE DO! Copyright 2017 - The Kittanning Paper - 140 South Jefferson Street - Kittanning, PA 16201 Telephone: (724) 543-NEWS - FAX: (724) 543-5572
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Gaming News Nintendo NES Classic: New Retailers Selling Console; Where To Buy Now By Voltaire Ro?o Posted on December 23, 2016 Share Tweet Share Share Email The Nintendo NES Classic Edition has been sold out everywhere. The demand for this retro game console is just too much for the supply to handle. Essentially, all attempts to push out new stock go sold out the moment shoppers get a chance to get their hands on the console. According to NPD Group, about 196,000 The Nintendo NES Classic Edition consoles were sold in just November. If you?re still hoping to grab one of these consoles before Christmas, then we have some good news for you. I seems Santa?s answered everyone?s prayers by making the The Nintendo NES Classic Edition available in several retailers soon! Related: Nintendo NES Classic Upgraded Version: Build A Better Console Using Raspberry Pi The Nintendo NES Classic Edition As of writing, majority of shoppers are still scouring several retailers stores such as Walmart and Target, wherein the latter has more shoppers hunting the console. Although many people have already made the shift to shop online, the Nintendo NES Classic Edition is not available in the majority of retailer?s online stores. Particularly, it?s not available in Target?s online site and the store has already detailed that the console can only be bought in their physical stores all over the country. As of right now, it’s pretty unlikely that you?ll find the Nintendo NES Classic Edition in department stores that are usually visited by many consumers on a daily basis. There are rumors that the console can still be found in physical stores. At least, those that are not visited often by the general public. Related: NES Classic Edition GameStop, Amazon Restocks: Surprise Last Offers For 2016 However some retailers have announced that they WILL have stocks of the NES Classic Edition. Meijer has detailed they?ll have the console on sale in their physical stores this weekend. B&H has also announced that they will have the console on sale today in their physical stores. It was not detail though, whether all of their stores will have the console. We?d advise you to call the stores before hand to make sure your visit doesn?t go to waste. Also, if you?re really serious about buying one, then you might want to consider camping out before the store even opens. We hope all of this helps you out in?getting your own Nintendo NES Classic Edition just before Christmas! Also Read: Best Buy Releases NES Classic Edition Starting December 20 Stay tuned to TheBitbag for updates on the Nintendo NES Classic. Related Items:featured, NES Classic Edition, NES Classic Edition Amazon, nes classic edition best buy, nes classic edition controller, nes classic edition for sale, NES Classic Edition Games, NES Classic Edition Gamestop, NES Classic Edition Target, nes classic edition toys r us, nes classic edition walmart Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you NES Classic Edition Success May Push SNES Classic Edition For 2017 Nintendo NES Classic Edition Back In Stock At Nintendo?s NYC Store; See Where Else You Can Buy After Nintendo NES Classic Edition Release; Company To Bring Back SNES Console – Patent About the author Voltaire Ro?o Voltaire Rono?s a gaming enthusiast for most his life with firsthand experience with a plethora of different gaming platforms and genres. Voltaire?s specialty is with MMORPG?s having achieved various in-game achievements in Ran Online, Nostale, Dragon Nest, and Tree of Savior. He is always updated and studying the latest news and insights on gaming and technology in preparation for the next great adventure. Post navigation Stardew Valley Update: PS4 and Xbox One Bugs Still Unaddressed League Of Legends Warwick Rework: Singed Turns Champion Into Fantasy Wolverine Featured Gravity Rush 2 Powers: Kat Throwing Water Bubbles Excites Fans League Of Legends Warwick Rework: Singed Turns Champion Into Fantasy Wolverine Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS WWE 2K17 Future Stars Pack DLC: New Moves We Can Expect It’s been said many times: the WWE 2K17 Future Stars Pack is highly anticipated... Gears Of War 4 Update: Quitting Penalties, Bans, And More Coming In ‘Season 2’ Recently, the next Gears of War 4 update was confirmed on its official forums.... Final Fantasy 15 DLC: Episode Prompto Play Area Possibly The Whole Niflheim Map In Final Fantasy 15, each of Noctis’ friends has a DLC that focuses more... Mass Effect Andromeda Combat Mechanics: Everything We Know So Far Bioware’s Mass Effect Andromeda is shaping to be one of the most anticipated titles... Mass Effect Andromeda CES 2017 Gameplay Trailer Worries Fans Mass Effect Andromeda just debuted a new gameplay trailer during the Consumer Electronics Show... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft google Samsung Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky PC iOS Editors Pick EA mobile gaming facebook playstation 4 pokemon sun and moon fallout 4 featured Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones games Blizzard NBA 2k17 snskid NBA Trade Rumors PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright ? 2016 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Alert Disney cancels half marathon, Saturday kids races News Orlando Traffic Teen girl dead after car hits her near Orlando McDonald's, police say Christal Hayes Contact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy A 16-year-old girl has died after a car hit her near a McDonald's restaurant Thursday, Orlando police said. The girl, who wasn't identified, was hit about 6:35 p.m. in front of the restaurant on Semoran Boulevard near Lake Margaret Drive, in a shopping plaza with a Wal-Mart and Petland. The driver is being questioned by police. An off-duty officer who was working security responded to the crash and helped perform CPR before the teen was taken to the hospital, where she died. Southbound traffic was shut down on Semoran Boulevard for more than three hours but has since reopened. chayes@orlandosentinel.com, @Journo_Christal or 407-420-5493 Caption Mother of teen killed in Winter Park speaks after defendants released Adriana Thomé spoke with the press following a court hearing that saw the release of the two defendants accused of kiling Thomé's son, Roger Trindade, in Winter Park back in October, 2016. Adriana Thomé spoke with the press following a court hearing that saw the release of the two defendants accused of kiling Thomé's son, Roger Trindade, in Winter Park back in October, 2016. Caption Mother of teen killed in Winter Park speaks after defendants released Adriana Thomé spoke with the press following a court hearing that saw the release of the two defendants accused of kiling Thomé's son, Roger Trindade, in Winter Park back in October, 2016. Adriana Thomé spoke with the press following a court hearing that saw the release of the two defendants accused of kiling Thomé's son, Roger Trindade, in Winter Park back in October, 2016. Caption Man accused of shooting rifle at cows along Florida's Turnpike - 911 call A Florida man was arrested Saturday after accused of shooting at cows along Florida's Turnpike, according to the Florida Highway Patrol.  A Florida man was arrested Saturday after accused of shooting at cows along Florida's Turnpike, according to the Florida Highway Patrol.  Caption Hate crime reports up in Florida 2015 - Orlando News Now After a few years of sharp declines, hate crime reports were up in Florida in 2015, according to an attorney general's report this week. After a few years of sharp declines, hate crime reports were up in Florida in 2015, according to an attorney general's report this week. Caption Bomb threats close two Jewish centers Following multiple bomb threats the morning of Wednesday, January 4, 2017, the Jewish Academy in Maitland and the Chabad of South Orlando were evacuated. Following multiple bomb threats the morning of Wednesday, January 4, 2017, the Jewish Academy in Maitland and the Chabad of South Orlando were evacuated. Caption Suspects in Winter Park teen's death released with electronic monitoring - Orlando News Now Roger, 15, was found unconscious in Central Park on Oct. 15 and later taken off life support. A medical examiner determined he died from blunt-force trauma and ruled his death a homicide. Roger, 15, was found unconscious in Central Park on Oct. 15 and later taken off life support. A medical examiner determined he died from blunt-force trauma and ruled his death a homicide. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Interactive: Central Florida homicides map Live map: Active Orlando Police Department calls STAY CONNECTED: Download our app now! All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 70°
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Crime posted: 12/23/2016 5:30 AM Fox Valley's top stories of 2016 Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close Lexy Haeger Estes stands near the kiln area at Haeger Potteries in East Dundee weeks before the factory closed its doors for good. The company, which has been in her family four generations, ceased operations at the end of June. Rick West | Staff Photographer   Lauren Rohr Follow @LaurenRohr     Political battles in Kane County, a new chairman in McHenry County, construction projects throughout the area and some leadership changes at the municipal level were among the most memorable moments for towns in the Fox Valley in 2016. Here are some of the top stories: Haeger Potteries closes after 145 years: Haeger Potteries, a family-operated business for four generations, closed its doors last summer after 145 years because of overseas competition and the economic downturn. After the announcement of its closing this spring, however, people throughout the suburbs and beyond rushed to the East Dundee factory store to purchase the final pieces of Haeger pottery. President Lexy Haeger Estes said the outpouring of support from Haeger fans and collectors was humbling and overwhelming. The building has since been sold to local manufacturer Golden Plastics USA. Elgin Tower Building redevelopment: The Tower Building in downtown Elgin has new owners after nearly two years of negotiations for a project to turn it into apartments. - Rick West | Staff Photographer Built in 1929, the Elgin Tower Building suffered a slow deterioration with tenants gradually leaving until the building was condemned in 2014. In late September, after nearly two years of laborious negotiations, was the groundbreaking of a $16.6 million project, led by Capstone Development of St. Louis, to turn the building into rental apartments expected to be ready for opening in May. Free college credits: A select group of Community Unit District 300 high school seniors are getting a free full year of college this school year. The district is partnering with Elgin Community College on an Accelerate College program. The first of its kind in the suburbs, the program allows eligible high school seniors the ability to take a full year of college classes toward a two-year associate degree -- completing roughly half the required credits for a 60-hour program -- in arts, science and applied science. Upon graduation from high school, students can choose to complete their associate's program at ECC or transfer those college credits to any Illinois college or university. This prompted state legislators to approve the creation of a statewide pilot program modeled after District 300's program. South Elgin teen missing: South Elgin teen Kianna Galvin disappeared May 6 after telling her sister she was going to the nearby Jim Hansen Park. She has been missing ever since. Kianna Galvin of South Elgin vanished May 6 after telling her younger sister, Miah, she was walking to nearby Jim Hansen Park. Seven months later, her social media accounts have stayed silent, her friends haven't heard from her, and nothing has come from leads and tips -- numerous at first, dwindling as of late -- received by South Elgin police. Her mother, Fiona Galvin, hasn't given up hope that Kianna, who turned 18 in July, will return home safely. Fliers and pink ribbons are still posted throughout town, and loved ones held a vigil last month to remind people of Kianna. Clash between Kane County officials: Kane County Board Chairman Chris Lauzen The fallout between Kane County Board Chairman Chris Lauzen and State's Attorney Joe McMahon began when Lauzen condemned McMahon for giving state's attorney's office employees what Lauzen deemed as year-end bonuses. Shortly after, McMahon provided a legal opinion that Lauzen had broken the law and county code by giving no-bid contracts to an outside law firm. Lauzen then expressed no confidence in the legal abilities of McMahon and his employees. McMahon also pointed out Lauzen's "disconcerting" involvement in the awarding of a bid to another law firm that would help the county sell bonds to pay down pension debt. At the end of the year, McMahon sent a letter warning that Lauzen was in violation of the Illinois Open Meetings Act for not posting meeting minutes in a timely fashion. Lauzen then attacked McMahon for the bonuses again, calling them payments for loyalty and popularity. School board president thwarts shooting: St. Charles School District 303 Board President Steve Spurling and his wife Diane were out for a walk in early May when they saw a bloodied woman running from her home and her husband following behind her. Spurling's wife went to comfort the woman when, according to police, Scott Turyna pulled a gun and fired several shots in her direction. Spurling tackled Turyna, disarmed him and held him until authorities arrived. Turyna, 65, was charged with attempted murder. Spurling was later recognized for his actions, which police said saved two lives. McMahon named special prosecutor: Kane County State's Attorney Joe McMahon is sworn in by Judge Vincent Gaughan as the independent attorney to prosecute former Chicago police officer Jason Van Dyke during a hearing in August at the Leighton Criminal Courts Building in Chicago. - Pool Photo / Nancy Stone / Chicago Tribune In early August, Kane County State's Attorney Joe McMahon was named a special prosecutor in the case of former Chicago police officer Jason Van Dyke, who is accused of first-degree murder in the shooting of Laquan McDonald, 17, in October 2014. "We have one goal in this case, and that's to present the truth in court and seek justice," said McMahon, an Elgin resident who also is rumored as a candidate for U.S. Attorney under the new Republican presidential administration. McMahon also has three Kane prosecutors and a prosecutor from Winnebago County on his team. Locker room access for all: The state's second-largest school district's move to allow locker room access to a transgender student sparked controversy and upset many parents. As of Sept. 6, Elgin Area School District U-46 has allowed a transgender middle school student use of the locker room corresponding with the student's gender identity at the same time as other students. District practice previously had been to allow transgender students to change in the locker room of their choice when other students weren't present. A decision on Haines: Middle school closure and construction became the focus of efforts to address declining enrollment and threats to state funding for St. Charles schools. After more than a year of discussion, the district decided to close Haines Middle School and expand and improve the district's two remaining middle schools. Haines parents made a late, unsuccessful push for a tax increase referendum to delay the closure and expand the improvements. Franks elected McHenry County Board chairman:   Jack Franks is sworn in as McHenry County Board chairman in December by his father, Herb Franks. - Lauren Rohr | Staff Photographer In what was considered a historic race for McHenry County, Democrat Jack Franks claimed a victory in the Nov. 8 election as the first popularly elected county board chairman. The Marengo resident defeated Republican Michael Walkup, a District 3 board member. He has already begun implementing some of his plans to lower the county's property tax levy and restructure county government. U-46 board member criticized for Facebook post: Jeanette Ward is an Elgin Area U-46 school board member. Parents, teachers and community members chastised Elgin Area School District U-46 school board member Jeanette Ward over a Facebook post about Black History Month, with some calling for her resignation. The Feb. 1 post by Ward quoted author Jason L. Riley's book "Please Stop Helping Us: How Liberals Make It Harder for Blacks to Succeed." It was posted on Ward's board member page. She quoted Riley as saying, "Blacks have become their own worst enemy, and liberal leaders do not help matters by blaming self-inflicted wounds on whites or 'society.' The notion that racism is holding back blacks as a group, or that better black outcomes cannot be expected until racism has been vanquished, is a dodge. And encouraging blacks to look to politicians to solve their problems does them a disservice." It created a firestorm of criticism. Drug treatment center near Campton Hills: Plans to put a drug treatment facility just outside of Campton Hills failed when the Kane County Zoning Board of Appeals and county board both gave the project failing marks. The Campton Hills village board rejected a nearly identical project and continued to fight the plan in county hearings that proved to be the longest public hearing for a project in the county's history. The investors behind the facility then threatened a $68 million discrimination lawsuit. County board members recently agreed to give the project another look. Elgin leadership changes: Rick Kozal took over as Elgin city manager this year after his predecessor, Sean Stegall, left his post. The city of Elgin this year got a new city manager, Rick Kozal, and a new fire chief, Dave Schmidt, after predecessors Sean Stegall and John Fahy left their posts after seven and six years, respectively. Stegall took a job in North Carolina while Fahy retired and took a job with Elgin Community College. Also, Democrat Cristina Castro was elected in November to represent the 22nd Senate District, a seat held for a decade by Mike Noland, who didn't run for re-election. Pheasant Run agreement: The DuPage Airport reached an agreement with nearby Pheasant Run Resort in St. Charles in August that will not only keep the majority of the existing resort property open, but also help pave the way for an expansion with retail outlets closer to Main Street. Fulfilling a dream:   Kelly Schultz could walk when she was young, but spina bifida took away that ability. She worked toward her black belt this year at Focus Martial Arts in Lake in the Hills and is regaining some use of her legs. - John Starks | Staff Photographer Kelly Schultz of Crystal Lake became the only wheelchair-bound athlete to test for and earn her black belt in karate -- her dream since she was 11 -- in the able-bodied division earlier this year at Focus Martial Arts and Fitness in Lake in the Hills. Schultz, 33, has spina bifida, a birth defect affecting the spine that often causes mild to severe physical and intellectual problems. Higher tax levy for Kane County: Though every candidate on the Kane County Board/Kane County Forest Preserve District Commission ran on platforms of keeping tax levies frozen as long as possible, levy increases went into place for both taxing bodies at the end of 2016. The rising cost of staff salaries was a factor for both entities, as was the loss of some major revenue streams on the county side with the loss of a federal marshal contract at the county jail. New leadership in Dundee-area fire entities: West Dundee Fire Chief Randy Freise will also oversee the East Dundee & Countryside Fire Protection District starting next year. Fire districts in East and West Dundee took a step forward toward a functional consolidation this year by agreeing to share a fire chief. With Chief Steve Schmitendorf, of the East Dundee & Countryside Fire Protection District, retiring, West Dundee Chief Randy Freise will begin overseeing both departments Jan. 1. The Carpentersville Fire Department also hired a new leader this summer after former Chief John Skillman retired. His successor, John-Paul Schilling, created a list of 10 goals and is working to revamp the department. U.S. 20 interchange done in Elgin: Construction of the new interchange at Route 20 and McLean Boulevard in Elgin was completed this year. - Rick West | Staff Photographer The reconstruction of the interchange of Route 20 and McLean Boulevard was finally completed this fall, after more than four years of construction work that affected area businesses and residents. The goals of the $44 million-plus project by the Illinois Department of Transportation were to enhance the flow of traffic, improve safety and reduce the potential for accidents. Queen Noor visits Judson:   Queen Noor of Jordan speaks at the sixth annual World Leaders Forum at Judson University in Elgin. - Rick West | Staff Photographer Queen Noor of Jordan spoke of the urgency of humanitarian response to the Syrian refugee crisis at Judson University's sixth annual World Leaders Forum. Noor's visit was the Christian liberal arts university's and Elgin's first brush with royalty. The widowed queen is the first leader from the Middle East to speak at Judson's forum. In 2015, former Mexican President Felipe Calderón was the first Latin American former head of state to appear at Judson. The American-born Noor, 64, is the widow of Jordan's King Hussein, who died in 1999. She is an advocate for cross-cultural understanding and conflict prevention, missing people, poverty, climate change and disarmament. Dundee-Crown student competes on national TV:   Dundee-Crown High School junior Riley Elmore was a contestant on NBC's "The Voice" this year. The school hosted a rally in honor of the 16-year-old West Dundee resident after he was eliminated from the competition. - Patrick Kunzer | Staff Photographer Dundee-Crown High School junior Riley Elmore made it to the live playoffs on Season 11 of NBC's "The Voice" before the young jazz singer was eliminated from the competition. Elmore, a 16-year-old West Dundee resident, wowed judges during blind auditions with his Frank Sinatra-style voice and ended up competing on coach Adam Levine's team. His peers, teachers and administrators from Community Unit District 300 hosted a rally in his honor when he returned home this fall. Judges, attorneys retire in Kane: The Kane County legal community lost two judges with a combined 46 years of experience on the bench to retirement, along with a highly respected Geneva defense attorney. Judith Brawka, who was the first female chief judge for the 16th Judicial Circuit and served 25 years on the bench, retired last summer. So did Thomas Mueller, an Aurora resident who presided over juvenile court and promoted diversity. Kathleen Colton, a private defense attorney known for her tenacity, knowledge and thoroughness, retired in August. Wal-Mart opens in Carpentersville:   Carpentersville Village President Ed Ritter addresses the large crowd gathered in June during the grand opening of the new Wal-Mart at 365 Lake Marian Road. - Brian Hill | Staff Photographer The highly-anticipated Wal-Mart Supercenter opened at 365 Lake Marian Road in Carpentersville last summer. The company had been planning the move from its former East Dundee location less than two miles away for about four years -- a source of great contention between the two municipalities. Sheriff's deputies returned to schools: Kane County Sheriff Don Kramer made a decision to pull school resource officers away from their usual posts at Burlington and Kaneland high schools in favor of putting them back on patrol. Parents, school administrators and county board members fought the move. After winning some staffing and financial concessions from the board, Kramer returned the officers to the schools. New hospital opens in Huntley:   Centegra Hospital-Huntley opened in August. It's just the third new hospital in Illinois in 35 years. - Brian Hill | Staff Photographer The $230 million, 360,000-square-foot Centegra Hospital-Huntley opened Aug. 9 off Haligus Road, between Algonquin and Reed roads. It is expected to employ more than 1,000 people, including roughly 200 physicians and 450 associates. It offers 100 medical surgical beds, a full-service emergency department, a women's center with 20 private obstetric rooms, eight intensive care beds, 24-hour pediatric care and a helipad for transporting critical patients. Huntley High School students also began serving as part of a unique school-hospital partnership, which allows them to do extensive job-shadowing of physicians and health care professionals. Retirement fund investigates pensions: The Illinois Municipal Retirement Fund launched an investigation into whether McHenry County Board members were expected to work the annual 1,000 hours required to participate in the pension program. The inquiry began after then-state Rep. Jack Franks, who later was elected board chairman, questioned whether several board members enrolled in IMRF were eligible. The county board later voted to be removed from the program altogether, and the investigation was determined to be inconclusive, as program leaders couldn't find enough evidence to prove board members weren't putting enough time into their county positions. Plans unveiled for Batavia apartments: Developer Shodeen Inc. unveiled plans for a $40 million apartment-and-commercial complex in downtown Batavia, at Washington and Wilson streets. The city has agreed to give the land to the developer, including the former First Baptist Church, and to pay for construction of a new city-owned parking deck. Elgin teen tortured by cigarettes: In late February, Elgin police were called to a residence for a report of a woman being held against her will. They found a 19-year-old who was stripped, beaten and who had her shoulder tattoo repeatedly burned by cigarettes, according to Kane County court records. Three females were arrested in short order, but the accused ringleader of the group and ex-boyfriend of the woman, Luis Palomar of Lake in the Hills, wasn't caught until March 22 in Mexico. Each faces up to 30 years in prison if convicted. New Elburn church to be built: St. Gall Catholic Church in Elburn began construction in the spring of a new facility on the southern edge of town. It is trying to sell the current sanctuary and rectory at Shannon Street and Route 47. Famous gymnast visits Elgin: Mary Lou Retton, the first American to win the all-around gold medal in women's gymnastics at the 1984 Summer Olympic Games in Los Angeles, headlined Judson University's World Leaders Forum Inspirational Series this fall. Her five Olympic medals were the most won by any athlete at the Games. Electronics for students: By 2020, all students in Algonquin-based Community Unit District 300 will be equipped with a personal computing device. The district began deploying one-to-one electronic devices in the 2016-17 school year for all students entering first through eighth grades, and will be adding a grade of high school in each ensuing year. New TIF in Geneva:   Demolition of the Mill Race Inn in Geneva began this year. Workers were separating the oldest part of the building, a 170-year-old manufactory, by hand. - Brian Hill | Staff Photographer Geneva also created a new tax-increment financing district for the eastern portion of its downtown, saying buildings in it were at risk of becoming blighted, or were vacant, or were obsolete. Included in the TIF was the vacant Mill Race Inn restaurant. A developer razed most of that building in the fall. U-46 expands dual language program: Elgin Area School District U-46 expanded its dual language program to middle schools this school year. Abbott, Ellis, Kimball, Larsen and Tefft middle schools implemented the 80:20 Dual Language Program in seventh grade -- "80:20" refers to the youngest students starting out with 80 percent of their instruction in Spanish and 20 percent in English. The Spanish-language portion is reduced by 10 percentage points each year from kindergarten through third grade until the split reaches 50-50, where it remains through sixth grade. Alternative school gets new focus: Elgin Area School District U-46's alternative school this fall changed its focus to provide more individualized care for struggling students. Gifford Street High School, which served high school and middle school students who needed help catching up to graduate with their class, is now the Dream Academy. The school now better accommodates students who are not flourishing in a traditional, comprehensive high school setting using a trauma-informed approach. • Daily Herald staff writers Elena Ferrarin, James Fuller, Harry Hitzeman, Madhu Krishnamurthy and Susan Sarkauskas contributed to this story. Get articles sent to your inbox. Click here to sign up for the Elgin Newsletter Tweet This article filed under: News Aurora Batavia Campton Hills Cary East Dundee Elburn Elgin Fox River Grove Geneva Gilberts Hampshire Huntley Lake in the Hills North Aurora Pingree Grove Sleepy Hollow South Elgin St. Charles Sugar Grove West Dundee Crime Kane County McHenry County Dundee Area Unit District 300 Elgin Area Unit District 46 Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: "Maintain, Don't Gain" Tip No. 1: Watch the Alcohol Pretty much every holiday party involves a few adult beverages -- we’re not saying you should avoid them all, but ... Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) Dec 23, 2016 at 6:00AM In this video from Motley Fool Answers, Alison Southwick and Robert Brokamp welcome Motley Fool Chief Wellness Officer Sam Whiteside to the show, as she offers her best advice on how to make it through the holiday season without adding to your waistline. Her first suggestion: Don't use the holidays as an excuse to drink too many of your calories!  A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Nov. 22, 2016. Alison Southwick: Today we are joined by the Fool's chief wellness officer, Sam Whiteside, and she brings us her best advice to maintain and not gain over the holidays. Hi, Sam. Sam Whiteside: Hi, Fools. Southwick: Thanks for coming back to the show. Whiteside: Absolutely. It's been too long. Southwick: It has been too long. Brokamp: It has. Southwick: So what I like about your "Maintain, Don't Gain" challenge that you do here at the Fool is the idea that, "Listen. We know you're going to overindulge. Just try to maintain. I'm not asking you to lose weight. Just try not to get fatter." Whiteside: Exactly. It's more about being cognizant in the moment, and making sure that you're aware of the choices that you're making. Southwick: Yeah, those choices. All of the choices. Whiteside: All of the choices. Brokamp: So many choices. Southwick: Because many of those choices are around the holidays, and take place at a party or among friends and family, I think it only makes sense for us to eavesdrop, a little bit, on a get-together and discover what trips people up the most over the holidays. Shall we go eavesdrop on a party? Brokamp: Let's do that. Southwick: Let's! [Door opens. Sounds of people talking at a party] Brokamp: I love living in New Hampshire! Southwick: Fill the pool with whiskey! Cannonball! Brokamp: Cannonball! [Door shuts] Southwick: So, yeah. Drinking alcohol. That happens a lot around the holidays. Whiteside: It sure does. Every single party [or get-together] I'm sure we will all attend this holiday season will have some sort of booze. Have you been to a party without booze during the holidays? Brokamp: Not that I'm aware of. Southwick: No. No. Maybe like a kid's birthday... Whiteside: No ... Southwick: ... no, even kids' birthday parties these days have like ... beer. The funny thing about alcohol is not only does alcohol have a lot of calories, but the mixers have a lot of calories and then you end up eating all this horrible food after you drink alcohol. It's just horrible. Brokamp: Did I mention eggnog yet? [00:08:57] Whiteside: Well, it's a funny thing. Let's take a guess. How many calories do you think an average pour of eggnog has? Southwick: Bro looks so sad right now. Brokamp: [Sobs] Don't confront me with reality! Whiteside: I'm going to tell you. It's 340 calories. Southwick: Wow! Whiteside: And 19 grams of fat. Brokamp: But eggs are good for you! Whiteside: Twelve grams of sugar ... Southwick: Wow. Whiteside: ... in a typical eggnog concoction ... Brokamp: Mm. Whiteside: ... so that brings me to my first point. The holidays -- don't use that as an excuse to overconsume and overindulge, specifically on alcohol. There are calories in those alcoholic beverages and just because it's liquid, it does not mean it doesn't count. It definitely goes into your total caloric intake. And so I usually recommend trying some alcohol-free days, specifically during the week when you know that you have a party to go to that Friday or Saturday. Number two. Every other alcoholic beverage -- maybe swap it out for a glass of water. Have that glass of water in your hand when you're walking around the party. That way someone won't come up to you and be like, "Hey, you don't have a drink in your hand." Southwick: Oh, yeah. Fools do that. Whiteside: How many times does that happen? That does happen a lot here. Your hands are empty! Brokamp: Every day, all day long. Southwick: No, not at work. Well, sometimes at work, but not often. Whiteside: So that will reduce someone coming up to you and saying, "Your hands are empty. You don't have anything in your hand." You do, and every other drink is a glass of water. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info Dec 23, 2016 at 6:00AM Investment Planning Read More Online Discount Brokers: Capital One vs. TradeKing My 3 (Financial) New Year's Resolutions, Ranked 5 Tips to Help You Save Your First $1,000 How to Sign Up for an OptionsHouse Online Brokerage Account: A Step-by-Step Guide Rule Breaker Investing Opens Up to Q&A for Entrepreneur Month Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool "Maintain, Don't Gain" Tip No. 1: Watch the Alcohol #stocks
Feature Articles Most Recent Articles A Font of Misery The Helpful Manager 'Twas the Night Before Go-Live The Call of the 90s Pulling Teeth Easter Eggs Frozen Out The Infrastructure CodeSOD Most Recent Articles Sche-ma Do You Think This is a Game? 1 Moment in Time Recycled Code Not Getting the Getters This is the Endian Un-Encoding Trimming the Fat Error'd Most Recent Articles Errors for Everyone! What's my Age Again? Now Playing - Exception, The Movie Null and Vague Lenovo Uh-Oh (and more!) Actually, My Father was a Folding Chair Does Anyone Here Speak CSS? Let's Eat Forums Other Articles Random Article Other Series Alex's Soapbox Announcements Best of… Best of Email Best of the Sidebar Bring Your Own Code Coded Smorgasbord Mandatory Fun Day Off Topic Representative Line News Roundup Editor's Soapbox Souvenir Potpourri Tales from the Interview The Daily WTF: Live Virtudyne feature articles codesod error'd forums other articles random article What's my Age Again? by Mark Bowytz in Error'd on 2016-12-23 Edit Mark Bowytz Besides contributing at @TheDailyWTF, I write DevDisasters for Visual Studio Magazine, and involved in various side projects including child rearing and marriage. "For your information, Walmart, no, I'm not too old to buy this game, no matter how many years old you think I should be," wrote Ryan F.   "The first rule of placeholders is, don't post about placeholders," writes Bruce R.   Eric L. wrote, "I knew that I'd get ripped off buying an HDMI cable from my TV provider."   "Thanks for letting me know my password will expire soon," writes Scott L., "Yeah, I'll get right on that..."   "Yeah, maybe it should take a user to an active games," writes Matkyas.   Marius E. wrote, "Our server installation of Automate 10 is aware of its many errors, so much so that it needs to tell us when something actually works!   "Maybe the people at RENFE cranked up the AC too much?" Blanca wondered.   [Advertisement] Release! is a light card game about software and the people who make it. Play with 2-5 people, or up to 10 with two copies - only $9.95 shipped! View all 14 comments » Best of 2016: Overpowered » « 'Twas the Night Before Go-Live Contact Privacy Policy RSS Copyright © 2004 - 2016 Inedo Publishing - v2016.23 Hosted on a dedicated server at HiVelocity • Deployed with BuildMaster
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: "Maintain, Don't Gain" Tip No. 2: Bring Something Great (but Healthy) So many parties, so many potlucks, and so few dishes that won’t hurt your diet. Be the change you want to see on your buffet table. Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) Dec 23, 2016 at 7:00AM In this video from Motley Fool Answers, Alison Southwick and Robert Brokamp welcome Motley Fool Chief Wellness Officer Sam Whiteside to the show, as she offers her best advice on how to make it through the holiday season without adding to your waistline. Her second tip regards those wonderful holiday potluck meals. But at this time of year, even most vegetable dishes stop being healthy (how many sticks of butter?). So when you contribute to the feast, choose your dish wisely. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Nov. 22, 2016. Alison Southwick: I'm going to eat all the carbs. Robert Brokamp: And the dairy. Cheese everyone. Cheese! [Door closes] Southwick: So sometimes going to parties, there's a lot of food. No, always there's food. We're Americans. Of course, at every party there is food and it's not always the healthiest. Whiteside: Yeah. And funny that you mentioned cheese. Most of the vegetables that you will likely see at holiday parties will be covered in cheese or... Southwick: Ooh, fondue! Whiteside: Right, fondue! Southwick: Cannonball! Whiteside: ... are going to be covered in things you might not typically cover vegetables with. Brokamp: Eggnog, for example? Whiteside: Eggnog, yes. Dipped in asparagus. Southwick: Ooh! Whiteside: That sounds amazing. And so I usually instruct Fools or clients to not only make sure you prepare for these parties, [but to] bring a health dish; specifically if it's a potluck get-together. Be the change in the world by bringing a healthy dish to an unhealthy party. Brokamp: You'll be so popular, too. Southwick: Well! Whiteside: And don't just bring a crudités plate or a vegetable tray that you picked up at your local grocery store. Make it fun. I usually do a sweet potato dish that's diced sweet potatoes, red potatoes, and purple potatoes drizzled with olive oil and a little bit of pesto. Stick it in the oven. Pull it right out five minutes before and top it with goat cheese. Not exactly the healthiest option you could ever eat in your entire life, but it's definitely one of the healthier options you might be able to bring to a holiday party. Southwick: You know what blew my mind when I had it? And we had it here at the Fool and we had a nutritionist come. And it was cauliflower to be made like mashed potatoes. Brokamp: I have heard of this, but I never tried it. Southwick: [Whispers] It was amazing. Brokamp: Really? Southwick: It was just cauliflower, salt, and like olive oil. Whiteside: It's hard, sometimes, to tell the difference between a really good cauliflower mash and regular mashed potatoes. Brokamp: Wow! Whiteside: So a good resource that I use a lot is a website called SparkPeople.com. On that website you can easily find all kinds of fitness and nutrition tips and you can also search for recipes that are low in sugar, or heart-healthy recipes, or that might be more diabetic friendly. Or with a specific vegetable. That website I definitely recommend for anyone looking for a healthy option. Southwick: I would also recommend making the recipe at least once before you take it to the party. Whiteside: That, too ... Southwick: Because I have made that mistake so many times where I just show up with this casserole dish and I'm like, "I'm sorry." I hand it over and then I walk away. Whiteside: It looks bad, but it might taste good. Brokamp: So let's say someone doesn't want to gain over the holidays, they go to a party, and they overindulge. Is it reasonable to compensate the next day by basically fasting or just eating vegetables? Can you counteract what you do by going the extreme other way on the next day or for the following week? Whiteside: That's a great question. I'm never really a great proponent of fasting. Your body is a machine. You need to feed it for it to perform, and so I definitely do not recommend fasting. Increasing your vegetable count during the holidays is always a good idea. And it's funny that you mentioned that. The Washington Post actually came out with a piece today that says "11 strategies for getting through the holidays without weight gain," and one of those strategies was to increase your vegetables during this time. So I would recommend that. I would definitely not recommend fasting. Southwick: You also recommended in the past eating before you go to a party. Whiteside: Absolutely. Southwick: So there you go. Get your vegetables in then, Bro ... Brokamp: OK. Southwick: ... so you can pound all the eggnog you want. Brokamp: And my asparagus-nog. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info Dec 23, 2016 at 7:00AM Investment Planning Read More Online Discount Brokers: Capital One vs. TradeKing My 3 (Financial) New Year's Resolutions, Ranked 5 Tips to Help You Save Your First $1,000 How to Sign Up for an OptionsHouse Online Brokerage Account: A Step-by-Step Guide Rule Breaker Investing Opens Up to Q&A for Entrepreneur Month Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool "Maintain, Don't Gain" Tip No. 2: Bring Something Great (but Healthy) #stocks
POWERED BY OBITUARIES FUNERAL HOMES SEND FLOWERS NEWS & ADVICE MEMORIALS Search SEARCH Obituaries and Guest Books BROWSE Most Recent By Location Notable Deaths SUBMIT Submit an Obituary SEARCH Search By Location SYMPATHY GIFTS Send Flowers BROWSE Funeral Flowers Charitable Donations BROWSE News & Advice Celebrity Deaths Culture and Trends Explore History Photo Galleries Advice and Support BROWSE Memorial Sites CREATE Memorial Websites WILMA E. HARMON Obituary Guest Book "She was a wonderful friend, a real help to me, especially..." - Wayne and Doris Bowman "In loving memory of a wonderful person. We will love you..." "Wilma was a great lady and was a good manager for Walmart. ..." - Gary & Kristin Stokes "My thoughts and prayers are with the family during this..." - Louise Stokes "Wilma was one of the sweetest, most genuine person I've..." - Barbara Cootes View Sign WILMA E. HARMON, 71 BARTOW - Wilma E. Harmon, 71, passed away Wednesday, December 21, 2016 at her home in Bartow, FL. She was born April 20, 1945 in New Haven, WV, Wilma moved to Bartow in 1983 from Beckley, WV. She was a Bartow Store Manager at Walmart. She was a member of Winter Haven Worship Center. She is survived by her husband Charlie Harmon of Bartow; three daughters, Linda Blackford (Danny) of Bartow, Sonja Jones of Norman, OK and Jennifer Ballenger (Duane) of Seattle, WA; stepson, Louis Harmon of Beckley, WV and 11 grandchildren. Two sisters, Linda Van Meter (Jack), Roberta Whitt and brother, James Parsons all of New Haven, WV. Family will receive friends Friday, December 23, 2016 from 1 to 2 pm at Winter Haven Worship Center, 1835 Overlook Drive. Funeral service will follow at 2:00 pm at Winter Haven Worship Center. Burial will be held at Homeland Cemetery in Homeland, FL. Condolences to family at www.whiddenmcleanfuneralhome.com Published in Ledger from Dec. 23 to Dec. 24, 2016 Print  |  View Guest Book  |  Helpful Links Additional Resources Send Funeral Flowers Donate to Charity How To Submit An Obituary Find Advice & Support Funeral Etiquette How to Write a Sympathy Note Advice on Coping with Loss   Return to today's Obituaries for Ledger Follow this Obituary Remember on Facebook Follow via email *Please enter a valid email address. Bookmark this memorial on Facebook with the My Memorials™ application. My Memorials™ helps you honor departed family members, friends, and even favorite celebrities – all on your Facebook page. Thank you. You have now memorialized  on Facebook. The My Memorials Facebook app allows you to: Connect with memorials that are important to you. Get updates on your memorials in your Facebook News Feed. Share your memories with your Facebook friends. VIEW YOUR MY MEMORIALS PAGE OR Return to Obituary No, ThanksGO CLOSE Close Search Obituaries & Guest Books You are searching By person By town Today Past 3 days Past 7 days Past 2 weeks Past 30 days Past 6 months Past year All time Specific date Date range  Close All Countries Australia Bahamas, The Bermuda Canada England New Zealand Northern Ireland Republic of Ireland Scotland United States All States Alaska Alabama Arkansas Arizona California Colorado Connecticut District of Columbia Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Iowa Idaho Illinois Indiana Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Massachusetts Maryland Maine Michigan Minnesota Missouri Mississippi Montana North Carolina North Dakota Nebraska New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico Nevada New York Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Virginia Vermont Washington Wisconsin West Virginia Wyoming American Samoa Guam Marshall Islands Micronesia Northern Marianas Palau Puerto Rico U.S. Virgin Islands U.S. Minor Outlying Islands All Florida obituaries Bradenton Herald Cedar Key Beacon Chiefland Citizen Citrus County Chronicle Daytona Beach News-Journal Florida Times-Union FloridaToday Gadsden County Times Gainesville Sun Herald Tribune Lake City Reporter Ledger Marco Island Sun Times Naples Daily News News-Chief NewsZapFL Northwest Florida Daily News Ocala Star-Banner Orlando Sentinel Osceola News Gazette Panama City News Herald Riverland News Santa Rosa Press Gazette South Marion Citizen St. Augustine Record Sumter County Times Sun-Sentinel Tallahassee Democrat Tampa Bay Times TC Palm The Apalach Times The Crestview News Bulletin The Leader-Union the Miami Herald The News Leader Group The News-Press The Palm Beach Post the Pensacola News Journal The Star The Wakulla News Washington County News West Marion Messenger Williston Pioneer Specific Date Range: To Powered by Legacy.com PRIVACY POLICYTERMSCONTACT USFAQ © 2017 Legacy.com. All rights reserved.
Fearless Muckraking Since 1993 Home Articles Recent Articles Magazine Current Issue Back Issues Subscribe Subscriber Access Subscribe Donate Archives Search Authors About JOIN LIST Books T-shirts podcasts FAQs December 23, 2016 Veterans for Standing Rock – A Photo Essay by Ruth Fowler by Tweet Email On December 2, Ruth Fowler joined a convoy of approximately 4,500 veterans heading to North Dakota in response to a plea put out by Michael Wood Jr. and Wesley Clark Jr. for fellow vets to support Standing Rock water protectors and provide frontline relief. ‘Veterans for Standing Rock’ was initially set up as a GoFundMe to support the several hundred vets the two believed might answer their call. No one quite thought the camps at Standing Rock would be besieged by over four thousand veterans on the same weekend.  Here’s the story in pictures – we’ll have an essay to follow by Ruth in the forthcoming CounterPunch magazine. – Joshua Frank ***   Former Combat Medic Christa McDermont takes selfies with the other veterans’ wives shortly before boarding a bus at Union Station, headed to the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation in North Dakota with a cargo of 25 veterans, five civilians and many donations. USAF Vet Sharne Matson, a mother of four, looks rested as she takes her seat on a bus journey which was estimated to take 22 hours. After the first driver takes multiple wrong turns, nearly hits several vehicles and freezes everyone by blasting the a/c throughout the night, the journey extended into 30 hours. Around 4am, the bus stops outside a hotel in Utah for the bus driver to swap out for a new driver. Anthony Aragon, wrapped in a sleeping bag, stretches his legs with the other vets before bedding down for the night. The Veterans wake up the next morning in frozen Utah. Steven Lee, a 37 year old with a soft Southern drawl and a baby face, was a cryptolinguist in the Marines. He now campaigns for deported Veterans and teaches in schools. After 24 hours on the bus, everyone takes a supply break at Walmart and stocks up on last minute items. Amanda Silvestri, one of the first female paratroopers in the 509th airborne infantry, strides along the aisles with 30 year old Elizabeth Torrance, an Iraq Vet. Around 6am on the second morning, the bus eventually finds its way to the Lakota Cultural Center in Fort Yates where a makeshift welcome area has been set up to welcome Vets and provide sustenance, rest, support and directions to the High School where they will sleep for a few hours before heading to the main camp. Sebastian Braidhair of Arizona plays while his Grandfather, Eric Braidhair, a Navajo veterans of fifteen years, sits in the background and waits for the Navajo Nation Veterans to show up at a registration office set up in Cannonball. Sebastian’s uncle is a combat marine who has completed four tours. Elizabeth Torrance takes a picture of camp as the Veterans march over the bridge to Oceti Sakowin after hearing the news that the Army Corps easement was denied. Native American children play in the snow as the various camps celebrate the news that the drilling is temporarily on hold. Around the Sacred Fire many veterans proudly display their cultural roots alongside their military honors. The celebration doesn’t last long for the LA veterans as the bus driver heads into Oceti Sakowin and immediately gets stuck in ice as the temperature drops and night closes in. Martina One Star and Vale Clements watch, amused, as the Vets try and free the bus. They are from the Rosebud Sioux tribe in Arizona and have been at Standing Rock for three months. After the bus is freed, the Vets are informed that because of the huge influx of Veterans, their accommodation has been given away. They are taken in by Camp Rosebud and housed in a former supply store with a faulty stove. Amanda sits surveying their new home with dismay. The next morning a blizzard sets in just as the Vets set off for a ceremonial march to the front lines. Veterans look confused as the Standing Rock elders stop the march from crossing the bridge. Many veterans had planned to be at the front line, taking hits, and were disappointed their role had become merely symbolic. The march is abandoned after an hour, and the Vets stumble back to their camp in zero visibility. As the blizzard worsens, the condensation formed on the roof of the canvas starts to fall back on the girls in the form of snow, and they have little choice but to get in their sleeping bags, cover themselves with a tarp, and get through the night. As the blizzard continues to worsen, tents fall down, catch on fire, and get snowed out. People frantically trying to leave in cars unequipped for the weather cause utter chaos within the camp. The vets make the call to try and leave to the local casino. At the Casino, hundreds of vets and water protectors alike are camping out in the hallways, amongst the slot machines, and under the bleachers while business continues regardless. Will McMichael stands wreathed in smoke having just discovered the elders made the decision not to serve alcohol until the Casino is cleared out. Co-founder Wesley Clark Jr. talks to the LA vets shortly before returning to LA and making the announcement that he had parted ways with the organization, leaving it clear for Michael Wood to form a 501c4 and deal with the catastrophic finances of over 4,500 vets seeking expenses for their trip. Join the debate on Facebook Ruth Fowler is a single mom of one small dog and a large twenty month old living in Venice Beach. She is currently raising funds to eliminate her legal debt and direct a short film about custody visitation at gig.me/at/IRMO – please give her lots of money. She promises not to hug you or believe in you in return. More articles by:Ruth Fowler next - Third Coast Pillory: Trump, Wages, and the Working Class, previous - A White Nationalist Counterrevolution?, CounterPunch Magazine Subscribe! 36 Pages, 6 Times a Year Weekend Edition January 06, 2017 Friday - Sunday Jason Hirthler On Whitewashing Russia: Power-worshippers Only See Black-and-White Anthony DiMaggio Politicizing Victimhood: Human Rights as a Propaganda Weapon in Aleppo and Mosul Jeffrey St. Clair Algorithm and Blues: Why Hillary’s Moneyball Strategy Failed Paul Street Hillary Clinton and the Installation of Authoritarian Right-Wing Regimes in the Americas Joshua Frank Of Grizzly Bears and Bureaucrats: The Quest for Survival Robert Fantina Kerry, Netanyahu and the Settlements Andrew Levine Obama: Sad and Glad to See the Back of Him Ignacio Ramonet The Fidel I Knew: My 100 Hours With Castro Rob Urie Resistance Margaret Kimberley Obama’s Propaganda Gift to Trump Richard Moser How Do We Organize a Hundred Million? Neve Gordon “Do You Want to Die Here?” How Azaria Exposed the Reality of Israel’s Colonial Project Mike Whitney The Trump Bubble William Binney and Ray McGovern Why the DNC Emails Were Leaked Not Hacked Vijay Prashad Arab Winter: Dispatch From Algiers Jason Hribal Tilikum and the Fall of Sea World Patrick Bond Will Washington’s New Pro-Moscow, Anti-Beijing Gang Drive a Wedge Through the BRICS in 2017? Roger Harris Pre-Inaugural Madness and the Impending Trump Presidency David Rosen Secrets of the Bible Belt: Trump, Porn & the Making of the New South Louis Proyect What Turkey Has Become Paul Buhle Those Radical Bohemians! Brian Cloughley Humbugs and Moderate Rebels Norman Pollack China: Saving America From Itself Dave Lindorff Federal Judge Orders Pennsylvania to Provide Anti-Viral Hep-C Treatment to Mumia Abu-Jamal William Hawes Lighting a Candle in Dark Times Lee R. Haven Yes, I’m a Black Nationalist Binoy Kampmark The War on Experts: Brexit, Populism and Sir Ivan Rogers’ Resignation Ramzy Baroud A Blessing in Disguise? The Trump Presidency May be Better for Palestine Ron Jacobs Warm San Francisco Nights Pete Dolack Economic Issues and “Identity” Issues Joseph Natoli Our Political Factions: January 2017 Murray Dobbin Transformative Change? It Starts With Community Matthew Vernon Whalan What is a Terrorist?: The Criminalization of American Dissent in the 21st Century Seth Sandronsky Rethinking Empires Thomas Knapp Term Limits: Painkiller, Not Cure David Swanson Why Release the Torture Report Now Uri Avnery The Problem With Settlements Charles R. Larson Review: Scholastique Mukasonga’s “Cockroaches” David Yearsley Keep Calm and Carry a Crown January 05, 2017 Melvin Goodman The Dark Side of Obama’s Legacy Ajamu Baraka Trump’s Neo-Fascism will be built on Neo-Fascism of Obama and Democratic Party Edmund Berger The Coming State of Fear Robert Fisk Inside the Scorpion: a Journalist’s Ordeal in Egypt’s Most Notorious Prison William A. Cohn Free Speech in 2017: Is the Town Square Model of Democracy Dead? Michael J. Sainato Democrats Denounced Sanders’ Ideas as “Impossible,” Now Many are Starting to Materialize CounterPunch Tells the Facts and Names the Names Published since 1996 Copyright © CounterPunch All rights reserved. counterpunch@counterpunch.org Mailing Address CounterPunch PO Box 228 Petrolia, CA 95558 Telephone 1(707) 629-3683 or 1(800) 840-3683 Editorial Jeffrey St. Clair, Editor Joshua Frank, Managing Editor Nathaniel St. Clair, Social Media Alexander Cockburn, 1941-2012 Business Becky Grant Business Manager counterpunchbiz@gmail.com Deva Wheeler Subscription and merchandise fulfillment counterpunchdeva@gmail.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. MENU Home Donate Donate via Paypal Search Recent Articles Top Stories Podcasts Subscribe Magazine – Current Issue Books Store Archives FAQs
Fearless Muckraking Since 1993 Home Articles Recent Articles Magazine Current Issue Back Issues Subscribe Subscriber Access Subscribe Donate Archives Search Authors About JOIN LIST Books T-shirts podcasts FAQs December 23, 2016 Bad Narratives Going Forward in the Age of Trump by Paul Street by Tweet Email Photo by thierry ehrmann | CC BY 2.0   The Twitter-addicted right-wing uber-asshole and authoritarian megalomaniac Donald Trump and his team of racist, arch-plutocratic, and eco-cidal vultures are about to set up shop alongside a right-wing Congress and a soon-to-be right-wing majority Supreme Court in Washington D.C. So what if the Republican Party is a widely hated institution, viewed with disapproval by nearly two-thirds of the U.S. populace? Fourteen Narratives to Reject As we struggle to build and expand popular resistance in this new era, here are fourteen narratives for left progressives (and others) to avoid about how this happened and what we must now do: 1 “The Green Party spoiled things for Hillary and elected Trump.” This story line is false. The numbers don’t remotely support it. If one makes the very bad assumption that all the voters who selected Jill Stein would have gone for Hillary if Stein had not been on the ballot, then Stein made the difference in Michigan and Wisconsin.  But that flawed calculation doesn’t explain Trump’s triumph in Pennsylvania, Ohio, or Florida, all bigger battleground states Mrs. Clinton lost.   Stein came in at one percent, nationally. 2 “Hillary was defeated by a big ugly racist, sexist, and nativist white working class ‘rustbelt rebellion’ that catapulted Trump into power.” Nope. The purported great white-Trumpenproletatian uprising has been badly oversold. Trump got pretty much the Republican presidential candidate’s usual voting share of non-college educated whites and whites making less than 50K a year while the Democratic candidate lost working class voters both white and non-white. As the left political scientist Anthony DiMaggio recently noted on Counterpunch, “The real story of the 2016 election is not that Trump won over working class America, so much as Clinton and the Democrats lost it…’Trump did not really flip white working-class voters in the Rust Belt. Mostly, Democrats lost them.’ Per data pulled from various exit polls, Slate reports that the decline of Democratic voters among the working class in 2016 (compared to 2012) was far larger than the increase in Republican voters during those two elections. Of those earning less than $50,000 a year, the decline in Democratic voting from 2012 to 2016 was 3.5 times greater than the rise in Republican voting.” 3 “Vladimir Putin’s Russian hackers did it.” There’s no real smoking-gun proof on Putin’s involvement. The notion that possibly Russia-initiated document dumps to WikiLeaks illustrating the Democratic National Committee(DNC)’s rigging of the primaries against Bernie Sanders cost Hillary the general election is a big reach, to say the least. The Russian hacking charge seems designed in part to help the DNC and the neoliberal Democratic Party elite more broadly avoid responsibility for blowing the election.  The Democrats went with a wooden, Wall Street-captive, and corruption-tainted candidate and campaign that couldn’t mobilize enough working- and lower-class voters defeat the noxious and highly unpopular Trump. The “Moscow Stole It” narrative is a fancy version of “My Dog Ate My Homework” for a dismal dollar-drenched Democratic Party that abandoned the working class and the causes of peace, social justice, and environmental sustainability a long time ago. 4 “The Electoral College screwed Hillary.” Yes, Hillary won the popular vote by nearly three million ballots. The Electoral College (EC) is an absurd violation of the core democratic principle of “one person, one vote.” It is a purposefully undemocratic institutional overhang from the aristo-republican Founding Fathers and their holy Constitution, which was explicitly designed to keep the Founders’ ultimate nightmare – democracy – at bay. It works to Republicans’ advantage because it over-represents disproportionately white and rural states with small populations. But the Clintons and the DNC knew all about the EC, of course, going into the campaign. It’s nothing new, after all.  The 2016 presidential election is the fifth one in American history given by the EC to a candidate who lost the popular vote. The Democrats made no efforts – Constitutional or otherwise – to challenge the Monty Python-esque EC after it (with some help from Florida Governor Jeb Bush, viciously racist and systematic voter suppression, and a Republican Supreme Court) handed the presidency to the open moron George W. Bush in 2000-2001. And Hillary still had no business losing key Electoral College states like Ohio, Florida, and Pennsylvania to Trump, who is heading into the White House with the lowest approval rating of any incoming president. 5 “Comey did it.” Of all the excuses the Democrats advance for why Trump’s victory wasn’t their fault, the chilling James Comey fiasco and the problem of Republican-led racist voter suppression (Greg Palast’s recurrent topic) in contested states are the most credible ones. But there’s no precise way to measure the impact of FBI Director Comey’s creepy political intervention ten days out from the election. The Comey card should not be seen as grounds to pardon Hillary and the Democrats for the dismally uninspiring and centrist campaign they ran. 6 “The Democrats’ 2016 humiliation will show them that they have no choice but to make themselves over as a progressive champion of all working people against the wealthy Few.” Don’t hold your breath. The Democratic Party’s recently installed new U.S. Senate Minority Leader isn’t a liberal or progressive Democrat like Elizabeth Warren (D-MA), Bernie Sanders (D-VT), or even Sherrod Brown (D-OH). It’s the neoliberal Wall Street Democrat Charles Schumer (D-NY). The House Minority Leader continues to be the big money San Francisco pro-war corporate Democrat Nancy Pelosi, idiotically endorsed by the supine AFL-CIO over the pro-union heartland progressive Democrat Tim Ryan (D-OH). Yes, the Bernie Sanders-affiliated Congressman Keith Ellison [D-MN] is considered a top contender for the chairmanship of the DNC.  But don’t be surprised if that falls through. He’s getting bashed for past association with Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan and for making some “anti-Israel” comments as a law student in the 1980s. Ellison’s ascendancy to the job of party chairman could cost the Democrats big money.  CNN recently quoted one of party’s biggest donors, Haim Saban, as saying that Ellison is “clearly an anti-Semitic and anti-Israel person.” It gets worse. Last Monday morning on CNN, Daily Beast columnist Patricia Murphy reported on interviews she’d recently conducted with Democrats around the country.  She found “no soul-searching” or critical self-reflection among the Hillary voters with whom she spoke. To the contrary, some Democrats even told her that “we won” because Mrs. Clinton did better than Trump in the popular vote – as if the EC is an irrelevant technicality.  Murphy also reported that the Democrats she spoke with seem ridiculously content to simply write off a huge part of the U.S. electorate – the white working class – as a mass of appallingly racist and sexist brutes (“deplorables”): “What I am astounded by talking to Democrats about what happened in the election, there is no consensus among Democrats about why they lost, or even whether they really lost. So it’s going to be very difficult for them to come up with a cohesive plan about how to move forward. I talked to Democrats and some of them will go back to saying, hey, we won the popular vote, we really did win. You know, it’s just a technicality that we didn’t win the White House. So when you have that kind of an attitude going forward, there are not — there’s very little soul searching, very little effort to look inside and say, what do we need to say and do differently in order to get more people to win? In particular, I mean, they’re writing off a large portion of the electorate as a group of people they don’t even want.” Soul-searching? Nah, it’s more fun to blame others – the Greens, Comey, Russia, and the big mythical racist-sexist-nativist “rebellion” of the “deplorable” white working class – than it is to take an honest look at one’s own failings. 7 “Trump’s election is an antiwar victory.” Come on. Yes, the Russia-hating NATO-expansionist warmonger Hillary “Queen of Chaos” Clinton seemed recklessly Hell-bent on a dangerous confrontation with Moscow – a confrontation that candidate Trump clearly wanted not to have. And yes, we do have some breathing space on the score for the next few months. Still, Trump’s campaign reeked with hyper-masculinist white-nationalist and anti-Muslim militarism. The coming “militarization of the West Wing” is quite pronounced. Trump has said profoundly dangerous things about the use and spread of nuclear weapons. His “defense” appointments and his rhetoric and Tweets (seriously?) point to coming dangerous conflicts with China and Iran, both key Russia allies. Don’t rule out conflict with Russia and the cooling of Trump’s hot bro-mance with Putin down the road.  Anyone who thinks Trump’s ascendancy heralds a new American era of pacifist isolationism – a retreat from imperial war as a central tool of U.S. “statecraft” – is engaged in some very seriously delusional thinking. 8 “The corporate and financial establishment hates Trump and will undermine him.” There may be some truth in this assertion but it should be treated with extreme skepticism. Hillary was their first choice, but Wall Street is playing make-up with Trump. Top financial services trade groups like the American Bankers Association have run to help Trump fill top financial regulatory positions in the next White House.  The Financial Services Roundtable is raising $4 million to help Trump “pay for the transition process.”  After Trump defeated Mrs. Clinton, the former harsh Trump critic and current Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein praised the victor as “market friendly and asset friendly.”  A Wall Street Journal three weeks ago was titled “Wall Street and Trump Make Up Quickly.” It matter-of-factly noted that “After largely opposing his 2016 presidential campaign, financial service executives are making fast friends with President-elect Trump… Wall Street,” the newspaper reports, “could wind up being a big winner under Mr. Trump, despite his broadsides against big banks during the campaign.” The accommodation makes perfect sense. Janus-faced finance capital runs like water to the powers that be at the end of the day. The elite financial sector is looking forward to significant regressive corporate and personal tax cuts and financial deregulation with Republicans in charge of both the White House and Congress in coming years.   The stocks of Bank of America, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley have been on a great run ever since the election. And Trump has given current and former Goldman Sachs elites and other top finance-capitalists (including coming Commerce Secretary and noted billionaire Wilbur Ross) numerous key economic policy positions in his coming administration. Every month, CNN reports, President Trump will consult with a group of top U.S. business executives convened by Steven Schwartzman, CEO of the infamous “alternative investment” firm the Blackstone Group. The group includes a “who’s who” of current and former Fortune 25 CEOs, featuring (so far) GM’s Mary Barra, JP Morgan Chase’s Jamie Dimon, GE’s former CEO Jack Welch, Disney’s Bob Iger, and Walmart’s Doug McMillon. The “populist” Trump is certainly doing his best to seduce the financial chieftains he sometimes railed against on the campaign trail. It isn’t just the financial elite he’s making up with. A New York Times report nine days ago related how Trump reached out to Silicon Valley captains: “The meeting between President-elect Donald Trump and the nations tech elite was hyped as something out ‘The Apprentice’: The new boss tells his minions to shape up. It turned out to be a charm offensive, a kind of ‘Dancing with the Silicon Valley Stars.’” ‘This is a truly amazing group of people,’ the president-elect said on Wednesday in a 25th-floor conference room at Trump Tower in Manhattan.  The gathering included Jeff Bezos of amazon; Elon Musk of Telsa; Timothy D. Cook of Apple; Sheryl Sandberg of Facebook; and Satray Nadella of Microsof, among others. ‘I’m here to help you folks do well,’ Mr. Trump said.” “He kept going in that vein. ‘There’s nobody like you in the world,’ he enthused.  ‘In the world!’ There’s nobody like the people in this room.’ Anything that government ‘can do to help this along,’ he made clear, ‘we’re going to be here for you.’” “And that was just in the first few minutes.  The candidate who warned during the presidential campaign that Amazon was going to have antitrust problems, that Apple needed to build its iPhones in the United States instead of China, was nowhere to be seen…on the way out, Safra Catz, the co-chief of Oracle who attended the meeting, gave a thumbs-up.” (NYT, 12/14/2016). Smart move by Trump. Silicon Valley stands alongside Wall Street and the military-industrial complex (MIC) as the three most powerful Big Business components of the state-capitalist Deep State that runs the nation beneath and beyond the marionette theater of electoral politics. As Mike Lofgren notes in his indispensable new book The Deep State: The Fall of the Constitution and the Rise of a Shadow Government (Penguin, 2016), “the Valley has far outstripped traditional smokestack industries as a generator or wealth and has generated individual fortunes that easily rival those of Wall Street. Its research and development operations are vital to the operation of the Deep State – not only for its globe-spanning surveillance technology, but for the avionics, sensors, and guidance systems of every plane, ship, tank, missile, and drone that the military buys.” Could Wall Street, Silicon Valley, and/or the MIC end up undermining Trump before it’s all over? Certainly. But there’s a honeymoon of sorts of underway right now and it would be foolish now to invest one’s hopes for the destruction of the Trump nightmare in the corporate and financial elite. 9 “Trump doesn’t really mean all the nasty stuff he said to get elected. He will govern differently than how he ran for office.” Well, candidate Trump certainly didn’t really mean it when he claimed to be a populist champion of the American working class in its struggle with Wall Street and other corporate-globalist evil-doers. Just look at his arch-plutocratic transition team and cabinet-in-formation.   Trump’s populism was fake, of course.  But Trump’s quasi-fascism probably isn’t and it would be foolish indeed to normalize what’s happened. Expect the administration’s racist and nativist scapegoating to accelerate in rough proportion to Trump’s service to the wealthy Few. The more he makes policy in the interest of his super-opulent upper-class comrades, after all, the more Trump is going to have to try to distract and divide the working-class majority with ugly racist and nationalist finger-pointing. 10 “All the people and others who have protested the Trump victory and ascendancy are silly sore losers manipulated by George Soros and MoveOn.” Yes, the left needs to watch out for elite liberal/neoliberal and Democratic Party-affiliated agents (for me that includes Sanders’ “Our Revolution”) working to control and manipulate anti-Trump resistance. Absolutely. But the reflexive denunciation of all anti-Trump protesters as childish agents of the Democratic establishment takes pseudo-radical cynicism to a new low. Folks don’t need to be prodded by slimy actors like Soros and MoveOn to find some very good and obvious reasons to march against incoming Trump administration. 11 “Resistance to Trump is illegitimate on the part of people who failed to adequately protest the neoliberal and imperialist Barack Obama presidency.” Yes, it is depressing that many U.S. citizens can’t seem to get it together to fight back when the White House is held by a smooth-talking teleprompter-ized Democrat like Bill Clinton, Obama, or (as I and most left analysts expected) Hillary Clinton. It’s sad and irritating that it seems to take a brutish white male Republican in the White House for a lot of Americans to protest and resist Deep State policies that are in fact richly bipartisan. But, okay, it’s a fact. Work with the opportunity afforded by the new public enemy number one – the coming appalling Trump administration – to build a new popular resistance movement that cannot be hijacked by movement-killing Democratic Party electoralists and opportunists and the deadly election cycle. Connect with people on issues and do your best to show them why such a movement is worthwhile 12 “Noam Chomsky and other left intellectuals and activists who called (again) for Lesser Evil Voting [LEV] were shills for Hillary Clinton.” There is a recurrent debate on the U.S. left about whether progressives should vote for Democratic Party candidates as the “lesser evil.” I’m on the anti-LEV side of that debate for reasons I won’t rehearse here. But it’s a difference about strategy and tactics, not underlying world-view. It’s unfair to call fellow leftists “shills” for Hillary when they referred to Mrs. Clinton as a “lying neoliberal warmonger” (Adolph Reed, Jr.), a “right-wing fanatic” (Arun Gupta), and, well, evil. (I used to make the left-LEV argument myself and was no less of a radical when I did than I am now. My position changed on tactical and strategic grounds.)  Demonizing folks who come (often for some defensible if ultimately flawed reasons) to the LEV position (I know some very smart and radical folks who do)  is also dysfunctional going forward. As Chomsky himself has long argued, the question of how to vote (or not) for five minutes in the one-every-four-years candidate circus is a secondary matter compared to much more important and urgent politics of movement-building beneath and beyond the nation’s populace-marginalizing and mass-marketed quadrennial electoral extravaganzas. Do we really want sniping over the question of what was the best lane to be in on the bourgeois-electoral highway to get in the way of acknowledging the many things you agree with, say, Chomsky or Reed or Gupta about? In the way of forming an anti-Trump resistance?  In the way of building great people’s movements beyond the election cycle – movements that should include in their list of demands a call for radical electoral reforms what would allow progressives to back candidates aligned with their values without fear that doing so might help the rightmost of the major capitalist parties prevail?  I think not. At the same time, many on the other side of the quadrennial intra-leftist voting debate also need to stand down from snotty sniping over what was the best way to respond to the terrible “choices” on offer in the U.S. presidential voting booth.  Both sides might want to think of this endless and ugly debate as yet another form of top-down divide-and-conquer. 13 “The 2016 Election Shows the Futility of Any and All Identity Politics. Serious Progressives Must Reject Any and All Such Politics in Favor of Class Politics.” Nonsense. Yes, the Left is committed to the bottom-up political struggle of the (multiracial-multiethnic-multi-religious [partly irreligious] and multi-gendered) working class against the capitalist wealthy Few. But we cannot and must not simply abandon the particular realities of: female experience and oppression: Black experience and oppression; Latino experience and oppression; Muslim experience and oppression; gay experience and oppression, and so on. Such class-reductionist denialism leads nowhere morally or politically. What needs to be rejected is the sickening kind of bourgeois identitarianism that candidate Hillary advanced. As Conor Lynch noted on Salon last month, “The Clinton campaign tried to make this election all about Trump’s hatefulness (‘Love Trumps Hate’) and his ‘basket of deplorables,’ while offering no real vision of progressive and populist change. And when those on the left raised legitimate concerns about Clinton’s uninspiring message or her political baggage during and after the primaries, they were ridiculously labeled sexist or racist ‘bros’ by establishment figures (even though some of Clinton’s harshest progressive critics were in fact women and people of color ).” Earlier in the year, Daniel Denvir insightfully described the Clinton’s strategy as “peak neoliberalism, where a distorted version of identity politics is used to defend an oligarchy and a national security state, celebrating diversity in the management of exploitation and warfare.” The left at its best has always understood identity differently – in ways that are opposed to both ruling class divide-and-conquer (ala Hillary Clinton and Herr Trump) and to class reductionism (ala some of Bernie Sanders’ supporters). As the “unrepentant Marxist” Louis Proyect recently reflected on Counterpunch: “While the idea of uniting workers on the basis of their class interests and transcending ethnic, gender and other differences has enormous appeal at first blush, there are no easy ways to implement such an approach given the capitalist system’s innate tendency to create divisions in the working class in order to maintain its grip over the class as a whole…My own experience goes back to the 1960s when the Trotskyist movement was still rooted in American realities. Party leaders conceived of the coming American revolution as a kind of united front of different struggles that would come together on a basis of shared class interests. If that is a concession to ‘identity politics,’ I plead guilty…A socialist movement that disavows particular Black demands and those of other sectors of the population acting on their own interests on the basis of gender, sexual preference, etc. will inevitably lack the universality it needs to triumph over a unified capitalist class. To state it in dialectical terms, denying the existence of contradictions and refusing to resolve them will only lead to deeper contradictions.” (emphasis added) That strikes me as brilliantly stated – and emblematic of the sort of intelligent, reality- and history-based Marxism for which no repentance is due.  Working class left “identity politics” is very different from what Denvir calls “neoliberal identity politics.” 14 “Trump’s election shows that U.S. politics and society is completely hopeless and pathetic. It’s time to retreat into personal concerns.” That’s your option, of course, but it will only make things worse. The Chicago-based anti-racist writer and activist Jamie Kalven rightly worries about the “danger…that people will become demoralized and retreat into denial, that they will seek refuge amid the pleasures and fulfillments of private life.  That would give carte blanche to power…That is certainly tempting at a time like this,” Kalven adds: “to live one’s life in the wholly private realm, enjoying the company of friends, good food and drink, the pleasures of music and literature, and so on.  Privileged sectors of our society are already heavily skewed that way.  It’s a real danger at a time like this.  If we withdraw from public engagement now, we aid and abet that which we deplore.” (The Chicago Reader, December 8, 2016,emphasis added). The threat to become an “expatriate” (which I am hearing again and again online) is a particularly pouty and privileged version of the same dysfunctional syndrome.  Becoming an émigré – either internal (retreating into private life) or external and literal (leaving the county if you can) – will fix nothing. (And, by the way, you can’t really escape the American Empire on this planet.) Two Narratives to Handle with Extreme Care Here are two narratives not to be rejected so much as to be handled with extreme care. 1 “There are great popular movement-building and system-challenging silver linings – from a dialectical and radical perspective – in Trump’s victory.” I do not simply reject this “accelerationist” storyline. To the contrary, I recently specified what some of those “silver linings” might be. Kalven is right, I think, when he says that “this is a moment of great opportunity – and also peril. The election of Trump certainly increases peril, but it may also increase the clarity we need to be effective…one door closes, another door opens.” But the “silver lining” trope should come with two key qualifications.  Caveat number one is that none of the movement opportunities afforded by Trump’s coming presidency (and by the discrediting of a dismal dollar-drenched Democratic Party that proved itself too corrupt, unimaginative, corporatized, dull and conservative to defeat Trump) are going to show themselves in real history without dedicated and difficult day-to-day rank and file activism connected to radical-reformist and revolutionary vision – real progressive policy ideas and societal alternatives.  The second caveat is that Trump’s election is a grave threat to vast swaths of humanity at home and abroad and indeed to life itself. It is indeed a great black cloud. If you are or seem happy that a vicious racist and sexist bastard like Donald Trump is moving in the White House, then God help you, comrade. “It’s important now.” Kalven adds, “to take time to absorb what’s happened and to grieve…I’m looking for a word besides catastrophe.” The word fits. 2 “The left must overcome single-issue obsessions.” I agree with that statement to a very significant degree. How could I not after decades of witnessing progressives fighting on numerous separate causes that cry out for consolidation and common struggle in a many-sided anti-capitalist movement? The left is way too scattered, issue- and other-wise. But it’s not true that none of the left’s issues stand out above all others.  We need to be candid and forthright about the primacy of the environmental question. The capitalogenic climate change-driven threat of ecosystem collapse by the end of the current century is now “the biggest issue of our or any time” (John Sanbonmatsu). As Noam Chomsky has argued, nothing that we care about on the left is going to matter all that much if environmental catastrophe isn’t averted soon by serious efforts to – among other things but first and foremost – keep fossil fuels in the ground and shift to renewable energy. Who wants to more equitably share out the pieces of a poisoned pie? What good is it to turn the world upside down and “inherit” (take) it from the ruling classes if the planet has been poisoned beyond safe habitation? Of all the dreadful things about the coming Trump administration, the one that strikes me as most horrific and most urgently in need of dedicated popular opposition is Trump’s arch-petro-capitalist commitment to the Greenhouse Gassing-to-death of life on Earth. The opposition already has a North America movement vanguard, so to speak: the remarkable multi-tribal struggle of Native Americans and others who came together beneath and beyond the election cycle to confront Energy Transfer Partners’ planet-cooking Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL) in Standing Rock.  Expect Trump to target the North Dakota pipeline fighters and water-/climate-protectors as “economic terrorists.” Prepare to defend those environmental heroes as the leading symbols and agents of the Resistance we need to build and expand if humanity is going any shot at a decent future. Join the debate on Facebook Paul Street’s latest book is They Rule: The 1% v. Democracy (Paradigm, 2014) More articles by:Paul Street next - Militant Hope in the Age of the Politics of the Disconnect, previous - Roaming Charges: the Russian Game, CounterPunch Magazine Subscribe! 36 Pages, 6 Times a Year Weekend Edition January 06, 2017 Friday - Sunday Jason Hirthler On Whitewashing Russia: Power-worshippers Only See Black-and-White Anthony DiMaggio Politicizing Victimhood: Human Rights as a Propaganda Weapon in Aleppo and Mosul Jeffrey St. Clair Algorithm and Blues: Why Hillary’s Moneyball Strategy Failed Paul Street Hillary Clinton and the Installation of Authoritarian Right-Wing Regimes in the Americas Joshua Frank Of Grizzly Bears and Bureaucrats: The Quest for Survival Robert Fantina Kerry, Netanyahu and the Settlements Andrew Levine Obama: Sad and Glad to See the Back of Him Ignacio Ramonet The Fidel I Knew: My 100 Hours With Castro Rob Urie Resistance Margaret Kimberley Obama’s Propaganda Gift to Trump Neve Gordon “Do You Want to Die Here?” How Azaria Exposed the Reality of Israel’s Colonial Project Richard Moser How Do We Organize a Hundred Million? Mike Whitney The Trump Bubble William Binney and Ray McGovern Why the DNC Emails Were Leaked Not Hacked Vijay Prashad Arab Winter: Dispatch From Algiers Jason Hribal Tilikum and the Fall of Sea World Patrick Bond Will Washington’s New Pro-Moscow, Anti-Beijing Gang Drive a Wedge Through the BRICS in 2017? Roger Harris Pre-Inaugural Madness and the Impending Trump Presidency David Rosen Secrets of the Bible Belt: Trump, Porn & the Making of the New South Louis Proyect What Turkey Has Become Paul Buhle Those Radical Bohemians! Brian Cloughley Humbugs and Moderate Rebels Norman Pollack China: Saving America From Itself Dave Lindorff Federal Judge Orders Pennsylvania to Provide Anti-Viral Hep-C Treatment to Mumia Abu-Jamal William Hawes Lighting a Candle in Dark Times Lee R. Haven Yes, I’m a Black Nationalist Binoy Kampmark The War on Experts: Brexit, Populism and Sir Ivan Rogers’ Resignation Ramzy Baroud A Blessing in Disguise? The Trump Presidency May be Better for Palestine Ron Jacobs Warm San Francisco Nights Pete Dolack Economic Issues and “Identity” Issues Joseph Natoli Our Political Factions: January 2017 Murray Dobbin Transformative Change? It Starts With Community Matthew Vernon Whalan What is a Terrorist?: The Criminalization of American Dissent in the 21st Century Seth Sandronsky Rethinking Empires Thomas Knapp Term Limits: Painkiller, Not Cure David Swanson Why Release the Torture Report Now Uri Avnery The Problem With Settlements Charles R. Larson Review: Scholastique Mukasonga’s “Cockroaches” David Yearsley Keep Calm and Carry a Crown January 05, 2017 Melvin Goodman The Dark Side of Obama’s Legacy Ajamu Baraka Trump’s Neo-Fascism will be built on Neo-Fascism of Obama and Democratic Party Edmund Berger The Coming State of Fear Robert Fisk Inside the Scorpion: a Journalist’s Ordeal in Egypt’s Most Notorious Prison William A. Cohn Free Speech in 2017: Is the Town Square Model of Democracy Dead? Michael J. Sainato Democrats Denounced Sanders’ Ideas as “Impossible,” Now Many are Starting to Materialize CounterPunch Tells the Facts and Names the Names Published since 1996 Copyright © CounterPunch All rights reserved. counterpunch@counterpunch.org Mailing Address CounterPunch PO Box 228 Petrolia, CA 95558 Telephone 1(707) 629-3683 or 1(800) 840-3683 Editorial Jeffrey St. Clair, Editor Joshua Frank, Managing Editor Nathaniel St. Clair, Social Media Alexander Cockburn, 1941-2012 Business Becky Grant Business Manager counterpunchbiz@gmail.com Deva Wheeler Subscription and merchandise fulfillment counterpunchdeva@gmail.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. MENU Home Donate Donate via Paypal Search Recent Articles Top Stories Podcasts Subscribe Magazine – Current Issue Books Store Archives FAQs
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 06, 8:45 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe National Last-Minute Tech Gifts? Find Christmas Eve Deals At Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon And Apple Stores By Tim Marcin @TimMarcin On 12/23/16 AT 8:34 AM Close It's almost Christmas and you still haven't gotten gifts for everyone. Don't panic! In a world that's increasingly wired and well connected, a great tech gift might be the perfect fix for your Christmas gift woes.  Here are some items you can get in stores this week at the last second, all of which will be sure to please this Christmas. Best Buy The Google Home could be a perfect product for any techie. It's essentially like living in a long-imagined future where you speak commands  — such as "Play a favorite song" or ask a random question — and the little, oblong speaker calmly answers. You can purchase one at Best Buy for $129 but you could save up to $30 on a combined purchase, according to the store's site. The store is also running a "deal of the day," which you can find here. A recent example was a 39-inch, Insignia LED television for just $159, a $30 discount. The store also has a page dedicated to ongoing deals, which you can find here. Some of the best deals include HP laptops for $80 less than usual, nearly half-off Skullcandy headphones and half-off Bluetooth speakers. Best Buy is also still running deals on iPhone 7s. For Verizon customers that means a discounted price on an installment plan while AT&T customers can buy one and get one free. Sprint customers, meanwhile, get a $200 store gift card. Walmart There are a number of tech deals at Walmart this holiday season. Some tablets are about $60-$100 off in the lead-up to Christmas. A higher-end Samsung Galaxy tablet can be had for $188, which represents $112 in savings. There are also too many deals on TVs to list as well as a number of deals on laptops, including some HPs and Samsungs for less than $200. Almost everything on sale can be ordered online and picked up in store the same day. Amazon The online e-tailer famously runs 12 days of Christmas deals, but has also put together a holiday electronics gift guide here, which has a number of ideas for gamers, drone hobbyists, computer-lovers and everyone in between. Related Stories CES 2017: 5 Smartphones Expected To Be Launched Last Minute Gift Ideas For Christmas 2016 It's also running deals on its entire Alexa home system, which is a lot like the Google Home. The Amazon Echo is going for $139.99 while and Echo Dot (a smaller speaker that allows the Echo's range to expand to other rooms) is on sale for $40.  The electronic deals shift at Amazon, but they can provide good savings. One recent deal was a gaming keyboard at a 60 percent price reduction. Apple stores It's a bit more difficult to find deals at Apple stores, but that doesn't mean there aren't great gifts to be had. Apple Watches now go for as little as $269 while accessories like specialty bands go for about $50. The Apple TV, which goes for $149, could also be a good idea for a cord-cutter. Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Business Donald Trump Attacks Toyota On Twitter The president-elect has previously targeted other automakers, including General Motors in a recent tweet, and Ford Motor on the campaign trail. Technology NVIDIA, Mercedes-Benz Will Make An AI-Powered Car The two companies announced the partnership at CES this week. World War Over Water? In Central Asia, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and China Battle Over Dry Land Seasonal snow melt generally feeds into area rivers, providing water to communities in Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and the Xinjiang region in China. National Esteben Santiago Isn't The First Ex-Serviceman To Turn Weapons On Civilians Reports indicate he served in both the Alaska and Puerto Rico National Guard. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Google Sites Audience Hits 246 Million, Topping Industry By Douglas A. McIntyre December 23, 2016 8:40 am EST Print Email Tweet Alphabet Inc.’s (NASDAQ: GOOGL) Google sites were at the head of U.S. internet properties in November, based on unique visitors. They posted over 246 million according to comScore, ahead of second-place Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ: FB) at 209 million. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) sites were the only others above 200 million, as a group logging in third place at 206 million. Other than the largest search engine company and world’s largest social medium, the media and portal sites at the top of the list have struggled to drive advertising revenue enough to be highly profitable. Microsoft sites ranked fourth at 189 million, which included its MSN portal. Portal company AOL ranked in eighth place with 160 million unique visitors. The only e-commerce site in the top 10 was Amazon at 141 million. Wal-Mart sites ranked 17th with 111 million. Among the largest media sites, CBS Interactive had 167 million, followed by NBCUniversal, which was behind it by only a few hundred thousand visitors. Behind them, Turner Digital, which includes CNN, had 152 million. The Time Network had 128 million, followed by the USA Today Network at 122 million and New York Times Digital operations at 118 million. While e-commerce company Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) has had spectacular success, portals and media companies continue to battle over the very modest ad market that is left after ad spending on Facebook and Google, the revenues of which have been put at over 50% of all new online spending in 2015. The nature of the trouble for media companies that have moved much of their content online from traditional TV and print has shown up in their earnings. For example, Yahoo and Time Inc. have been dealing with falling revenue, with no ready solutions. Google and Facebook are the largest U.S. properties, and they get an outsized portion of online revenue. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Douglas A. McIntyre « RBC Has 5 Large-Cap Tech Stocks to Buy for 2017 Consumer Reports Gets Into Car Sales Business » Read more: Media, Corporate Performance, Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN), Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), GOOGL, Yahoo! (NASDAQ:YHOO) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Most Dangerous Cars in America America's Best States to Live In America's Fastest Growing (and Shrinking) Housing Markets 18 Biggest Companies That May IPO in 2017 The Worst Companies to Work For Recent DryShips, Merrimack Tumble into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Nike, Goldman Sachs Lift DJIA Friday 2016 Boeing Commercial Orders Fall Far Short of Deliveries Friday’s 6 Biopharma Movers That Can’t Be Ignored Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Will Comcast Dethrone Walt Disney as Box Office King in 2017? How to Sign Up for a TradeStation Online Brokerage Account: A Step-by-Step Guide 2 Numbers PayPal Investors Should Watch Kaplan: Fed should be able to raise interest rates gradually, patiently Fed's Kaplan says oil market will reach balance in first half of this year Stage Stores shares down 17.5% in after-hours trading Momenta (MNTA) to Receive $50M Under CSL Collaboration Why Microchip Is a Better Semiconductor Stock than Monolithic Will AMD's Vega Pose a Threat to NVIDIA's GPU Dominance? Boosted by Apple, Wall Street parties like it's 19,999 U.S. job growth slows, but wages rebound strongly In sign of more hawkish Fed, Evans nods to three rate hikes Will Comcast Dethrone Walt Disney as Box Office King in 2017? Ford plant turns 'cemetery' as Trump wrenches Mexican autos How to Sign Up for a TradeStation Online Brokerage Account: A Step-by-Step Guide These Gadgets Are Designed To Save Your Sleep World's Coral Reefs Are Headed For Major Die-Off Vietnamese Refugee In Canada Now Helping Syrian Family Resettle Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
More Sites Times News Legals Games Local Ads TV Listings INFO My Profile Subscribe Logout Law Enforcement Sections / Search Subscribe Info + Help Help Celebration Forms info Corrections FAQs Submit A News Tip Write a Letter to the Editor Info Advertise With Us Carrier Application Contact Us Deadlines and Policies Statewide Public Notices Subscribe Legal Comment Policy Copyright Information Privacy Policy Terms of Service More Jonesborough Herald & Tribune Kingsport Times-News Mountain City Tomahawk The Erwin Record Now Law Enforcement Home All Updates Quick Obituaries Arrested The Christmas Box Mountain Hops Local News Legal Notices Read the E-JCPress GO Tri MAIN |+ News Local Business Courts Education Health Care History Law Enforcement Nation Politics State Weather |+ Opinion Blog Column Editorial Letter to the Editor |+ Announcements Anniversary Community Engagement Obituary Wedding |+ Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Motorsports Softball Track & Field |+ Entertainment Art & Culture Fairs & Festivals GoTri Events Music |+ Lifestyle Cooking Faith Fashion Health & Fitness Hobbies & Interests Parenting Pets Seniors |+ Classifieds + More Autos Boats Classifieds Homes Jobs Rentals More Photos Videos Newsletter Signup Member Rewards Games & Puzzles Local Ads Special Sections Johnson City Police Car theft investigation leads to Fall Branch man's arrest on Johnson City drug charges Johnson City Press • Dec 23, 2016 at 8:48 AM A Fall Branch man was arrested on drug charges Wednesday night as Johnson City police were conducting an investigation into a possible stolen car at one of the city’s Walmarts. According to a Johnson City Police Department news release, Daniel S. Cornett, 39, 307 Bank Drive, was charged with possession with the intent to distribute schedule IV drugs, simple possession/casual exchange of schedule VI drugs and identity theft. Police said Cornett had approximately 2.2 grams of marijuana and 48.5 Xanax on his person. Police said Cornett also identified himself as someone else in order to prevent being arrested on unrelated outstanding warrants. According to the release, the vehicle in question was not stolen. Cornett was taken to the Washington County Detention Center where he was held on $22,000 bond. He is scheduled to be arraigned Thursday, Dec. 29, at 1:30 p.m. in Sessions Court. Recommended for You Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Get Email Newsletters Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Add Us On Google+ RSS Feeds Most Commented Stories Johnson City Press Videos
FRI, JAN 06, 2017 | -11 °C Mainly clear Full Text Archive LIVE: Traffic, Weather & Road Conditions Report the news Newsletter Signup Home & Garden Contact Us Print Editions In Your Neighbourhood Milton Christmas Light Tour Milton mayor marks a milestone Hot Topics Newsletter Signup Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news sports what's on opinion community Obituaries Autos Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Crime Education Ontario Canada World 45 minutes ago 5 dead, 8 wounded in airport shooting; US veteran arrested 5 dead, 8 wounded in shooting at Florida airport Latest News SEE MORE Authorities: Victims appear to be part of murder-suicide 5 dead, 8 wounded in airport shooting; US veteran arrested Putin ordered effort to help Trump, hurt Clinton: US report Baseball Basketball Football Golf High School Hockey Lacrosse Olympics Soccer University 31 minutes ago Australia close in on series sweep; Pakistan 127-5 at lunch Australia close in on series sweep; Pakistan 127-5 at lunch Latest Sports SEE MORE Silent Bird wins feature by a neck at Santa Anita P.J. Fleck leaving Western Michigan to coach Minnesota Cowboys' Jerry Jones unfazed by uncertain future of defence Contests Events Movies Wow Celebrity Daytripping 1 hour ago Fadi Fawaz: 'Police have not accused me of anything' George Michael's boyfriend Fadi Fawaz has told the Daily Mail that police... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Ciara drops Future lawsuit 'Things not great' between Kim Kardashian West and Kanye West Vivica A. Fox and 50 Cent end feud Blogs Columns Editorial Letters Cartoon 7 hours ago Putting it all away After hosting the Brown family gathering on New Year’s Day (with 27 family... Happy New Year VIEW MORE OPINION Small Business Week Community Guide Crowdfunding Environment Family Home and Garden Money Matters Pets and Animals Wellness 2 hours ago Burlington teen facing multiple drug charges A two-month Halton police drug trafficking investigation has led to the... Community Stories SEE MORE Christmas kettle campaign falls just short in Burlington Reunion fundraiser event at Oakville's Knights of Columbus Hall Meeting Tuesday for Halton Hills Chamber of Commerce fall trip to China Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca Up to 55% off House Cleaning discount: 50% | value: $150.00 | You Save: $75.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Website development vital for your business’s online presence Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Up to 55% off House Cleaning discount: 50% | value: $150.00 | You Save: $75.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Dentists and Denturists: A Working Partnership Home News Crime FUGITIVE FRIDAY: Police seek man facing slew of... | Dec 23, 2016  |  Vote 0    0 FUGITIVE FRIDAY: Police seek man facing slew of charges Wanted by police next play/pause pre Milton Canadian Champion In week 51 of Halton police's Fugitive Friday initiative, the Milton Offender Management Unit is searching for Bradley Alles, 29, of Guelph. It is alleged that In June, Alles stole several items from Walmart in Milton and upon his arrest illegal drugs were located on him. It's also alleged he failed to appear in court. A warrant has been issued for his arrest. He faces charges of: • Possession of stolen property (three counts) • Possession of a prohibited weapon • Possession of a controlled substance • Fail to comply with probation • Fail to attend court Alles is described as five-foot-nine, 200 lbs with brown hair and hazel eyes. He is know to frequent Milton, Georgetown, Guelph and the surrounding areas. Anyone who may have witnessed this person or has information that would assist investigators in locating him are encouraged to contact D/C Mark Craig of the Milton Criminal Investigations Bureau at 905-825-4747, ext. 2485, or Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 (TIPS), or through the web at www.haltoncrimestoppers.ca, or by texting "Tip201" with your message to 274637 (crimes). In the weekly Fugitive Friday initiative, police reach out to the public to help locate wanted persons and hold them accountable for their actions. Karen Miceli is the editor, online content for insidehalton.com. She can be reached at kmiceli@metroland.com . Follow her on Twitter and the Milton Canadian Champion on Facebook | (0) Comment Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest Local News News Burlington teen facing multiple drug charges Snapshot News Fugitive Friday: Accused fraudster Andrew Lawson Snapshot News Record high for December home prices in Burlington Snapshot News Christmas kettle campaign falls just short in Burlington Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos Photo Gallery 2016 Year in Photos - Graham Paine Photo Gallery 2017 Courage Brothers Polar Bear Dip Photo Gallery Holiday skiing/snowboarding at Glen Eden Photo Gallery 2016 Golden Horseshoe Hockey Tournament The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Changes coming in downtown Oakville as it prepares for Lakeshore Road reconstruction UPDATED: Youths stranded after falling in creek in Oakville Burlington 17-year-old charged with possessing cocaine, heroin for trafficking purposes Lunch with Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne in Oakville Jan. 13 Record high for December home prices in Hamilton area In Your Neighbourhood Today How to convert trial users to loyal customers with online communications There's no doubt that connecting with new customers digitally is an effective marketing method for... Dieting doesn't have to be all or nothing There are many diet programs out there that take a dive-right-in approach which requires you to cut... Flexible options for memorial urns, customized cremation containers Since 1998, Just Cremation and Burial has offered families throughout Burlington, Oakville and the... 5 ways for business owners to understand the competition When it comes to running a successful business venture, there's more to it than keeping an eye on... What you need to know before you buy that business The barristers and solicitors at Jeffrey L. Eason in Halton Hills will be the first to congratulate... Pool heaters extend the enjoyment of your backyard oasis longer Patterned Concrete Mississauga and sister operation Yorkstone Pools & Landscapes know that you want... Why is self-storage good for you? Self-storage is usually related to moving or renovating, but, as the staff at Storage Solutions... The truth about head lice You may be horrified when your child comes home from school with head lice, but The Lice Shack of... Ontario wines: The perfect complement to a fine dining experience Aberfoyle Mill Restaurant in Aberfoyle, Ontario, has been satisfying guests with delicious cuisine... Tax tips for new business owners Starting a new business venture shouldn't be any more taxing than it needs to be — which is why you... Get a second opinion when it comes to your finances Y.I.S. Financial Inc. in Burlington, Ontario, knows that in order for a financial portfolio to be... Estate planning 101 Estate planning is done to protect your assets, and the people you love, says Burlington’s Michael... 10 ways to make your cozy apartment feel festive So, you live in a 500-square-foot rental but still want to decorate your place for the holidays.... Understanding BTUs Appleby Systems Georgetown Inc. in Halton Hills offers heating and cooling systems for your home.... Energy-efficient dishwashers save both time and money At Oakville Appliance Centre, the latest models of automatic dishwashers make kitchen cleanups... You just bought an electric vehicle: What are the next steps? Oakville’s JML Electric specializes in installing electric car charging stations, so they know a... Attic insulation should be the highest priority in a home retrofit When it comes to improving your home's efficiency, you probably think of retrofitting the most... ‘Gliding shelves’ transform cupboards, cabinets for ease of use Gliding shelves are sure to simplify your home lifestyle by making the contents of all cupboards,... Hamilton-area salon and spa offers customized group packages Those looking to beautify and add special glitz and enjoyment to weddings and other celebrations... Santa Claus is coming to town Mark Sunday, November 20, 2016, down on your calendar, because the big guy in red will be riding... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal Up to 86% off a Microdermabrasion With Deep Cleansing Facial and Extractions $39 View Deal Up to 53% off House Cleaning Sessions $69 View Deal 46% off a Prix Fixe Dinner $35 View Deal 50% off Battered Wild Caught Haddock Portions $25 View Deal 42% off Canadian Haddock $35 View Deal 43% off Boston Blue Fish Fillets $20 View Deal 62% off Golfing for 2 $70 View Deal View All Deals MORE CRIME Brampton man accused of million-dollar investment fraud Hit-and-run suspect charged with drunk driving UPDATE: New info about Mercedes that allegedly fled Gardiner crash Hamilton home invasion sends two to hospital Two pedestrians, a mother and son, hit in Mississauga PreviousNext Toronto police arrest 16 people in investigation of 50 GTA robberies Waterloo police investigate Christmas Eve stabbing Halton Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Commitment to Accessibility Commenting Guidelines Contact Us Content Removal Policy Corporate Sales Mobile Newsletter Signup Order a Photo Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Crowdfunding Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com HamiltonNews.com InsideToronto.com Mississauga.com NiagaraThisWeek.com Sachem.ca TheIFP.ca TheRecord.com TheSpec.com Resources Goldbook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Subscribe Today   Customer Service  P-Edition  Advertise Top Workplaces UnidosSC.com Weather Home News Sports Entertainment Business Life Opinion Blogs Cannifornian Obits Press-Enterprise Rewards CARS JOBS HOMES DEALS Classifieds City NewsPoliticsTopicsEnvironmentEducationAnnouncementsTrafficPhotosBlogs Business More than one holiday is over: Gasoline prices headed for $3 News SeaWorld: Tilikum, orca profiled in documentary 'Blackfish,' has died News San Jacinto tightens pot laws Entertainment 2017 list of festivals, fairs and events in the Inland Empire and Southern California News Busted! Attempted carjacking suspect arrested after his mom called police Nineteen-year-old Sawyer Lee Aston was apprehended during the lunch hour Thursday, Dec. 22. Tweet    Riverside Yellow Pages THINGS TO DO     By RICHARD BROOKS / STAFF WRITER Published: Dec. 22, 2016 Updated: Dec. 23, 2016 3:43 p.m. Busted! Attempted carjacking suspect arrested after his mom called police Print Photo Share Pin It More Galleries     Sawyer Lee Aston, 19, Wildomar Related article » A Wildomar man is behind bars in a Lake Elsinore attempted-carjacking case that deputies say they interrupted with the help of the suspect's mother. Nineteen-year-old Sawyer Lee Aston was apprehended during the lunch hour Thursday, Dec. 22, in the parking lot of the Walmart shopping center along the 31700 block of Grape Street. Deputies were summoned to investigate a report of a mentally disturbed person, Sgt. Luke Torres said in a written statement. "The suspect's mother called police, stating she saw him walking though the parking lot...and she believed he was possibly carrying a firearm," according to the statement. Shortly before deputies arrived, a business manager was accosted in the parking lot as he was entering his vehicle. "The suspect pressed a pistol against the manager's head and demanded the...keys," Torres wrote. "Deputies arrived during the crime...and took (Aston) into custody. "The pistol was found to be a semi-automatic BB gun replica." Anyone with additional information may call deputies at 951-776-1099. Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off More from Breaking News FBI releases documents related to San Bernardino iPhone Who broke into Highland tire store? That’s what deputies want to know US veteran arrested in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting; 5 dead, 8 wounded COMMENTS | PRINT | EMAIL |    Join the conversation Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our User Agreement We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. Return to Top Home News Cities Sports Entertainment Business Life Opinion Blogs Photos Obituaries Weather Real Estate Jobs Cars Classifieds Copyright © 2017 The Press-Enterprise & Digital First Media. All Rights Reserved. About Us | Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Map
coventrytelegraphLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Coventry News UK & World News Business Health Crime Politics Education Motors History News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On Food & Drink Things To Do ShoppingExpand Sport Latest Sport Coventry City FC Football Rugby Wasps RFC Coventry RFC Rugby League Speedway Other Sport Sport OpinionExpand Football Coventry City FC Wasps RFC Business In Your Area Coventry Warwickshire Nuneaton See all locationsExpand Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory Family Notices BuySell Dating Book an Ad Buy a Photo Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror Midlands Home What's On Food & Drink Christmas What's On These supermarkets are selling Christmas vegetables for LESS than 20p Savvy shoppers can pick up seasonal packs of veg - for barely any money at all  Share  Comments ByJames Rodger 13:00, 23 DEC 2016 What's On Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in A tour around Aldi's newest Coventry store at Cannon Park Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Asda, Aldi and Lidl are all offering savvy shoppers the chance to pick up packs of Christmas vegetables - for less than 20p. While the Walmart-owned supermarket Asda is selling the seasonal veg for just 20 pence, budget retailers Aldi and Lidl have undercut the chain by a penny. The offer from Asda, which boasts numerous stores across Coventry and throughout Warwickshire, includes 1kg Grower's Selection Carrots, 500g Grower's Selection Sprouts, 500g Grower's Selection Parsnips and 360g Growers Selection Broccoli. Asda say shoppers will save around £2.2million on Christmas vegetables thanks to the price-cuts. For those who prefer to shop at Lidl, the German supermarket has also lowered their prices of some Christmas staples too. For 19p you can buy either a pack of 1kg of carrots, 500g of sprouts, 1.5kg of British mini-roast potatoes, or 500g of parsnips. Andrew Moore, Asda’s chief merchandising officer, told The Sun: “There’s been a lot of talk about food inflation this year but Asda customers can be confident that their festive feast will deliver on value as well as taste this Christmas. “Sprouts will sit proudly on every plate next Sunday and when they cost 49% less than last year, you’re more likely to love them than hate them – especially when they are served next to our delicious Butcher’s Selection turkey crown that is just £6.75 per kilo." Read More Battered SPROUTS being offered by Warwick chip shop this Christmas The winter bargains from budget supermarket chains Aldi and Lidl, meanwhile, are part of the supermarket's weekly fresh fruit and vegetable deals which change every week. Lidl's 'Pick of the Week' deals: British carrots, 1kg - 19p British mini roast potatoes, 1.5kg - 19p Brussels sprouts, 500g - 19p British parsnips, 500g - 19p Offer available from December 18 to December 24, 2016 whilst stocks last Aldi Read More When are Asda, Morrisons, Sainsbury's and Tesco open in Coventry over Christmas 2016? Aldi's 'Super 6' deals: Carrots, 1kg - 19p Maris Piper potatoes, 2kg - 19p Brussels sprouts, 500g - 19p Wood Farm British parsnips, 600g - 19p Broccoli, each - 19p Little Gem lettuce - 19p Offer available from December 18 to December 31, 2016 whilst stocks last Read More Christmas 2016 Countdown to Christmas How to get a letter from Santa Last posting dates Last supermarket order dates Why the Coca-Cola truck ISN'T coming All the Christmas adverts in one place Santa's sleigh returns to Coventry Presents for every Coventrian Presents for CCFC fans Santa's grottos in Cov and Warks Where to buy a turkey Where to buy a tree Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @covtelegraph Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Asda Morrisons Sainsbury's Tesco Coventry Warwick Warwickshire Coventry Shopping Christmas What's On all Most Read Most Recent Pubs in CoventryLook inside Coventry's haunted medieval pub after £300,000 makeover The Golden Cross re-opens on January 6 after a three-month project that saw the landlady spooked by ghostly goings-on CoventryThis is how childcare laws are changing in 2017 The amount of free childcare available is set to double Things to Do CoventryWhen is Burns Night in 2017? All you need to know about the celebration Supper is the most traditional aspect of the celebration, which can be traced back as far as 1801 British AirwaysBritish Airways sale launched with cheap flights to US and Europe Sale includes ski holidays from £169 , European beach holidays from £159 and city mini-breaks from £99. CoventryCoventry beauty salon owners urged to sign up for new TV show The makers of the TV show are seeking competitive beauty salon owners who are proud of their services CoventryThis is how childcare laws are changing in 2017 The amount of free childcare available is set to double ThomsonTomorrow is the most popular day for booking holidays - and this is why The day - dubbed 'Sunshine Saturday' - will see scores Brits rush to grab the best getaway deals for 2017 British AirwaysBritish Airways sale launched with cheap flights to US and Europe Sale includes ski holidays from £169 , European beach holidays from £159 and city mini-breaks from £99. Pubs in CoventryLook inside Coventry's haunted medieval pub after £300,000 makeover The Golden Cross re-opens on January 6 after a three-month project that saw the landlady spooked by ghostly goings-on CoventryCoventry beauty salon owners urged to sign up for new TV show The makers of the TV show are seeking competitive beauty salon owners who are proud of their services Most Read Most Recent CoventryCoventry named most dangerous city in UK - and in Europe's top 10 The list was based on factors including perceived threat of harassment by locals CourtsThree years for drunk learner driver who killed mum-of-two while speeding at 65mph Danielle Bartlett was drunk when her car smashed into the vehicle carrying 42-year-old Anna Downey in October 2015 NewsCoventry named the UK's most dangerous city. Really? Coventry has been named the UK's most dangerous city. Really? CoventryTeenage drink driver who killed Coventry mum of two will spend just 18 MONTHS behind bars "Troubled" Danielle Bartlett crashed into a taxi which Anna Downey was travelling in NuneatonCannabis farm sniffed out at Nuneaton pub at centre of St George's flag row The pub, which hit the headlines last year, is currently looking for new management BedworthMissing teenage girl may be in Coventry, Nuneaton or Bedworth Police are trying to find 15-year-old Caitlyn Normoyle Coventry City FCCoventry City boss Russell Slade: "He’s prepared to get his leg broken for the cause" Sky Blues manager's 30-somethings offers much-needed experience NewsCoventry named the UK's most dangerous city. Really? Coventry has been named the UK's most dangerous city. Really? CourtsCourt hears murder accused talked of satanic rituals and The Illuminati before sadistic killing Bethany Hill died in February last year. Her former boyfriend and a close friend deny murder CoventryTeenage drink driver who killed Coventry mum of two will spend just 18 MONTHS behind bars "Troubled" Danielle Bartlett crashed into a taxi which Anna Downey was travelling in Top Stories CoventryTeenage drink driver who killed Coventry mum of two will spend just 18 MONTHS behind bars "Troubled" Danielle Bartlett crashed into a taxi which Anna Downey was travelling in CourtsCourt hears murder accused talked of satanic rituals and The Illuminati before sadistic killing Bethany Hill died in February last year. Her former boyfriend and a close friend deny murder CrimeParents want heartbreaking murdered schoolgirl video shown in EVERY school The video has been published by police to show the dangers of child sexual exploitation NewsCoventry named the UK's most dangerous city. Really? Coventry has been named the UK's most dangerous city. Really? In The NewsPlaytime Beds: Parents told to stop using cots IMMEDIATELY after death of baby An urgent recall notice has been issued by Playtime Beds who say children could get strangled or crushed University Hospital CoventryCouple left fighting for their lives after M1 smash before Christmas now on road to recovery Shazia Khousar and Abid Nazir, from Rochdale, are both still recovering in hospital in Coventry Birmingham AirportEx-SAS rare egg thief on the run after cleaner busted his Birmingham Airport smuggle bid Jeffrey Lendrum has spent a lifetime abseiling cliffs and scaling mountain tops to steal rare eggs Stratford-on-AvonRecap: Murder accused had "looked into satanic rituals" before sadistic killing, court hears The prosecution is continuing its case against Bethany's ex and his transgender lover at Warwick Crown Court today Coventry City CouncilCouncil blows £850,000 on 'new democratic centre' - featuring meeting room with SIX giant TVs The public funds were spent against a background of service cuts NuneatonCannabis farm sniffed out in Nuneaton pub at centre of St George's flag row The pub, which hit the headlines last year, is currently looking for new management CourtsWillenhall drunk threatened satellite repairman with deadly Samurai sword Paul Carter got angry because he thought the contractor was messing with his satellite dish, a court heard Leamington SpaPolice pay just £21,000 to family of tragic woman who died in 14-hour 999 wait Luisa Mendes died in October 2012 News What's On Sport Football Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror Midlands This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
News Obama responds to Fort Lauderdale incident, laments mass shootings during his presidency "It is over." Biden stops cold House Democrat attempts to keep Trump from office Judge rebukes the Chicago four who tortured special needs man, and denies them bail Liberal comedian Patton Oswalt politicizes Ft. Lauderdale shooting with another offensive tweet Channels Glenn Beck Dana Loesch Tomi Lahren Pat and Stu Check out all channels MyVoice Radio TV Login Join 0 www.theblaze.com Mysterious shopper strikes back against terrible parking job with this awesome prank Sara Gonzales Dec 23, 2016 10:04 am AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File 296 Follow Share Tweet With many running out to get their last minute shopping done, parking lots tend to get frustratingly busy a week before Christmas. So when someone trying to finish up their Christmas shopping arrived at a Wal-Mart in Maine and found a car carelessly taking up two parking spots, they decided to take action. Matthew Mills of Biddeford, Maine, posted a picture on Facebook of a silver Nissan boxed in the parking spots with shopping carts, writing, “This guy got a lesson in parking.” Perhaps the owner of the car will think twice before committing such a crime against humanity. Rate this story 94% 2% 1% 1% 2% 296 Comments Get TheBlaze Newsletters Sign Up Refer Friends, Earn Rewards! Menu × Radio TV Company Help Jobs Advertise Content Partners Tips Company Help Jobs Advertise Content Partners Get TheBlaze Newsletters Sign Up Refer Friends, Earn Rewards! © 2017 TheBlaze, Inc. Your use of or registration on this site constitutes your acceptance of our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy × Menu News Channels MyVoice Radio TV Logout Following Saved Content Help Invite Friends Contact Jobs Advertise Content Partners Terms Privacy × × Get TheBlaze Newsletters Sign Up Refer Friends, Earn Rewards! × × Comment Section FAQ What is the red near my name? Moderators assign strikes for violations of our comment policy. They will go away automatically in 24 hours, provided you have no further violations. However, if you earn three strikes within 24 hours, your account will be temporary banned. How do I delete my own comment? Please email moderation@theblaze.com to let us know you would like it removed. Why am I getting an error when I try to post? If you see an error, this may be because of a problem with your account. Email moderation@theblaze.com with a description and screenshot of the error and we’ll promptly fix it. I am not seeing my post to MyVoice. How come? Most posts to MyVoice will be live within a few hours. MyVoice is for posting intelligent, engaging, entertaining and thought-provoking commentary, so following these guidelines will help get your post noticed. What can I do if see someone causing problems? Flag the post to inform a moderator. You can also email us at moderation@theblaze.com. I’m having trouble with editing and replying to comments. What can I do? If you notice something not working like it should, please email us at moderation@theblaze.com. × × Community Rules Speak your mind. Please be respectful of our rules and community. Asking people to upvote you or your post are not allowed. No spam, abuse, obscenities, off-topic comments, racial or ethnic slurs, threats, hate, comments that incite violence or excessive use of flagging permitted. Please be respectful of our community and spread some love. Any of the following may result in a permanent ban: Spam Abusive Obscene language Obscene photos Off-topic comments Racial or ethnic slurs Threats of any kind Hate messages Excessive use or the flagging (report as spam) feature Asking people to upvote your comments or posts For more information, please see our Terms of Use. Now, go have fun and speak your mind!   × × ×
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × US Economy Economy World Economy US Economy The Fed Central Banks Jobs GDP outlook Trump's tax plan will pass despite resistance from big business: Analyst Peter Boockvar Elizabeth Gurdus | @elizabethgurdus Friday, 23 Dec 2016 | 10:04 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Markets feel a lot like 1980: Pro    Friday, 23 Dec 2016 | 7:06 AM ET | 04:05 U.S. consumers are feeling pressure on their wallets with costs and interest rates rising, and that makes a convincing case for President-elect Donald Trump's proposal to cut income taxes, analyst Peter Boockvar told CNBC on Friday. "I think the personal income number yesterday was disappointing, the spending number was disappointing," The Lindsey Group's chief market analyst told "Squawk Box." Boockvar was referring to the Commerce Department report for November's personal income and spending. Personal income remained unchanged from October, while spending edged up 0.2 percent. "Consumers are still stretched, they're still allocating more of their wallet to health-care cost and rising housing costs, leaving less to spend on other things," Boockvar said, making the case that Trump's plan will pass Congress despite trade-related risks for large companies. "I agree there's going to be political pushback here, but the tax plan's going to pass. It's just a matter of how we respond to it," he said. "The whole 'border adjustment' thing is getting [to be] a big deal." Border adjustment refers to the way imports and exports are taxed. A tax reform blueprint written by House Republicans suggests that products should be taxed based on where they are consumed, not where they are manufactured. It also proposes that U.S. exports do not get taxed and imports coming into the country do. "From a company standpoint, the border adjustability is a big deal for them," Boockvar said. Multinational retailers like Wal-Mart that import many of their products are worried that taxes on imports will outweigh their profits, forcing them to raise prices on consumers. "Wal-Mart is at the head of the class in lobbying against this," Boockvar said. Stifel Wealth and Investment Management's Hans Olsen said corporate lobbyists on Washington's K Street could generate enough resistance to the tax overhaul to slow it down. "What he hasn't run into yet is K Street, and when you start monkeying around with tax deductions, tax rates, cherished items that vested interests have, you run into a wall," Olsen told "Squawk Box." "Because K Street, the lobby class, starts to spool up, and they will slow things down. I think that's the risk," Olsen said. show chapters Markets need more clarity: Pro    Friday, 23 Dec 2016 | 6:06 AM ET | 02:37 Independent consultant Alison Deans told CNBC she's concerned that the market rally since the election is based on a lack of clarity about Trump's plans. "It's been a bit of a Goldilocks attitude towards what's going to happen coming out of the policies he's stated, and so at these levels, I'd be concerned," Deans told "Squawk Box." "No matter how you look at it, it's looking expensive in an environment of uncertainty," she added. "I also feel as if the rally seems to be biased towards all the good aspects of the Trump policy without concerns of some of the potential trade issues that could crop up." Morning Squawk: CNBC's before the bell news roundup Sign up to get Morning Squawk each weekday Job Industry Advertising/Marketing Automotive Communications/PR Construction/Manufacturing Education Finance/Banking/Insurance Legal Media/Entertainment Medical/Health Care Mining/Oil/Gas/Utilities Gov't/Non-Profit Real Estate Retail Technology/IT Transportation/Shipping Travel/Hospitality Other Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about about our products and service. Privacy Policy. Submit Please enter a valid email address Elizabeth GurdusNews Associate To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: "Maintain, Don't Gain" Tip No. 4: Manage Your Stress Family, politics, a full schedule. Everyone judging each other and themselves. We suggest you shift from “oh my god” to “ommmmm". Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) Dec 23, 2016 at 9:00AM In this video from Motley Fool Answers, Alison Southwick and Robert Brokamp welcome Motley Fool Chief Wellness Officer Sam Whiteside to the show, as she offers her best advice on how to make it through the holiday season with a focus on your health. Her fourth tip can make a big difference to your mental state, which is directly connected to your physical well-being. Just a little meditation will go a long way toward improving both, and it is not nearly as hard as you might think. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Nov. 22, 2016. Robert Brokamp: Everyone in my family has opinions on how to cook the turkey and fix our economy. I'm so stressed. [Door closes] Alison Southwick: Yeah, so stressed. I'm actually pretty lucky that my holidays are usually pretty stress-free, but for other people like old Bro, over here ... Brokamp: I think this holiday season will be very interesting, given the recent election, for people who come from mixed political families like I do. So it will be interesting. Sam Whiteside: It will be interesting. So a great way, and an easy way, and a way that will not take very much of your time to make sure that you're handling, managing, decreasing your stress is the "M" word, meditation. The "M" word ... Brokamp: The "M" word ... Whiteside: Some people are so scared of meditation. You'll be so surprised. Or they think, "Oh, gosh. That's not for me. I can't do that." Or, "That's too left field." The idea of meditation is simply to find a quiet space and to try and put more time in between the thoughts that come through your mind. It's not about doing yoga, or standing on your head, or having a certain pose, or being completely quiet and having no thoughts come in. It's basically trying to put more space in between the thoughts that come through your brain. Because we're humans, our brains are consistently trying to create stories around things that come through, and it's basically just trying to decrease that. [To] give yourself more quiet space in your brain. There's some really great apps out there. Some free ones. Calm, Headspace, Omvana, Take a Break, and Smiling Mind are some of the top free apps out there. Some cheap ones are Buddhify and Simply Being. And with each of these apps you can go anywhere from five minutes to 45 or 60 minutes of meditation. You can play with the music. Different themes. There can be guided imagery. An easy way to make sure that you're taking care of yourself and decreasing that stress. Southwick: So what does that mean, though? I think when people think of meditation, they think of someone sitting in the lotus position. Is that what it's called? And just being like, "Ohhmmm." Whiteside: Right. Southwick: While incense is wafting through, and chimes, and stuff like that. Brokamp: Boomm ... Southwick: So what are you going to get from one of these apps? What is this app going to ask me to do? Because if there's some funky mind control in there by some tech company... And yes, maybe I got these conspiracy theories from watching Westworld, but ... Brokamp: Pull out your credit card ... Southwick: What's going to happen when I use one of these apps? Whiteside: That's the great thing about all the apps that I mentioned. There's a lot of different variability that you can play with. You can play with different music or the different sounds. Or having someone speak to you. Or, "No, I don't want to listen to anyone talk right now. I just want to listen to some waves crashing on the beach." And so you definitely have all of those choices with all of those apps that I just mentioned. Brokamp: In a previous episode I mentioned the Beck Diet Solution, which is based on cognitive therapy ... basically how you think affects how you act, and one of the premises of the book is we have all these permission-giving thoughts about eating when we know we shouldn't, and I think stress is a big part of that. I'm very stressed. I know I shouldn't eat this, but I'm so stressed I'm going to go ahead ... Whiteside: Exactly. Brokamp: ... and eat this, or I need that drink because I'm so stressed. Whiteside: Right. We place a link between those things, and there should be no link. Don't give yourself an excuse to have two brownies just because you're stressed out. If you're stressed out, find a different coping mechanism. Find a positive one that's going to impact you in a positive way. Southwick: I'm currently in the process of trying to link running and destressing. Brokamp: It will work, too. Southwick: It does work. I just have to keep reminding myself that I will feel better, and I will feel less stressed if I go run for a little bit. Whiteside: Right. Southwick: But it's like reprogramming myself. Whiteside: Right. And as a Western culture, we associate food with happiness and food with decreasing stress. Or food as a gift. Those are things in our culture I see we can probably work on. It definitely plays a huge role in a family unit. Every time that you get together with your girlfriends, or you have a big family outing, we all eat, or drink, or eat and drink a lot. That's something that provides a lot of joy, but you can find joy in other ways. Southwick: Make it a sometimes. Sometimes food. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info Dec 23, 2016 at 9:00AM Investment Planning Read More Online Discount Brokers: Capital One vs. TradeKing My 3 (Financial) New Year's Resolutions, Ranked 5 Tips to Help You Save Your First $1,000 How to Sign Up for an OptionsHouse Online Brokerage Account: A Step-by-Step Guide Rule Breaker Investing Opens Up to Q&A for Entrepreneur Month Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool "Maintain, Don't Gain" Tip No. 4: Manage Your Stress #stocks
Menu Primary Menu Skip to content Local News Events Sports Society Obituaries Opinion Classifieds Contact Us Show Header Sidebar Content Search for: Facebook Twitter Email Chipley Bugle The Little Paper with the Big Toot Home »Obituaries»Sims obit Sims obit Posted onDecember 23, 2016December 23, 2016Authoreditor Jimmie Sue Sims, 85, of Marianna, died Thursday, December 22, 2016, at her residence. Jimmie was born August 18, 1931 in Brownfield, TX.  She was a bookkeeper in her family’s businesses for many years. After that she began working at Walmart as a cashier and greeter, she also volunteered for Habitat.  Jimmie Sue was a member of St. Luke’s Episcopal Church in Marianna, FL. She was preceded in death by her husband, June Sims; two sons, Mike Sims and Frank Sims and her parents, Winford James and Grace Marie Williams.  She is survived by her daughter, Cindy Smith and husband, Chuck; one son, Bill Sims and wife, Shirley all of Marianna; one sister, Jackie McMullian; four grandchildren and eight great-grandchildren. Funeral services will be 10 a.m. Monday, December 26, 2016 at St. Luke’s Episcopal Church with Father David Green officiating. Interment will follow in Pinecrest Memorial Gardens with James & Sikes Funeral Home Maddox Chapel directing.  The family will receive friends from 8:30a.m. to 9:30 a.m. Monday, December 26, in The MacKinnon Parish Hall at St. Luke’s Episcopal Church. Those wishing may make memorial contributions to St. Luke’s Episcopal Church, 4362 Lafayette St. Marianna, FL 32446. Like this: Like Loading... CategoriesObituaries Follow us on TwitterMy Tweets December 2016 S M T W T F S « Nov   Jan »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 Footer Menu Skip to content About the Bugle Advertising Churches Pictures from the Past Schools Copyright © 2000-2017 Chipley Bugle. All Rights Reserved. Scroll Up Local News Events Sports Society Obituaries Opinion Classifieds Contact Us %d bloggers like this:
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: "Maintain, Don't Gain" Tip No. 5: Give Back! Volunteering and doing good works refills your emotional tank during this busy period, which can make it easier not to fill up in other ways. Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) Dec 23, 2016 at 10:00AM In this video from Motley Fool Answers, Alison Southwick and Robert Brokamp welcome Motley Fool Chief Wellness Officer Sam Whiteside to the show, as she offers her best advice on how to make it through the holiday season with a focus on your health. Her final piece of advice: Get out and give back. The best way to improve your mental state amid the stress of the holidays is to volunteer. And the busier you are helping out, the less busy you are eating the cookie batter. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Nov. 22, 2016. Alison Soutwick: I do want to hear Sam's bottom-line, best piece of advice for everyone over the holidays, and it is... Sam Whiteside: Shoo! That's a hard one, but if I had to choose one thing, it would definitely be to volunteer. Give back. Specifically during the holiday season, we not only are stressed out, but we're making possibly poor decisions. We're being pulled at all different angles and what I call "keeping your tank full"... Our tanks start to decrease. We start to feel frazzled. So for me, an easy way to keep my tank full or to refill that tank is to give back in some capacity. An easy way to do that for me is to go onto a couple of different websites. One is HandsOn Network. It's definitely an easy way to find local volunteer opportunities wherever you are. If you going to PointsofLight.org/HandsOnNetwork, you will be able to find local volunteer opportunities pretty much in whatever zip code you live in. I have been using that network, probably, for about six or seven years. On Thursday morning on Thanksgiving Day, I will be volunteering at New Hope Housing's Thanksgiving lunch, so I will be making dinner rolls the night before and a potato dish of some kind, and a healthy... Robert Brokamp: A healthy one, of course. Southwick: I've heard of one that has sweet potatoes and regular potatoes. Whiteside: Yeah, where'd you get that from? Brokamp: And asparagus-nog. Southwick: Someone is making asparagus-nog. That's like the meanest thing you could make for someone. Whiteside: That is horrible. That sounds gross. And so I will be serving that food to some of our chronically homeless here in Alexandria. So, yeah. Brokamp: Good for you. Southwick: Yeah! Brokamp: That's great. Southwick: I love that idea, because if you're volunteering, you're not eating, you're not overindulging, and you're also not spending money which we also like to do. Whiteside: Save that money. Brokamp: Could you imagine serving food to the homeless and then overindulging? Taking all their food? That would be horrible. Absolutely horrible. Whiteside: That is not giving back well. That is not going to help you lose those 10 pounds. Brokamp: I'm here for the free food. Southwick: If you did donate asparagus-nog, you would get it all to yourself Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info Dec 23, 2016 at 10:00AM Investment Planning Read More Online Discount Brokers: Capital One vs. TradeKing My 3 (Financial) New Year's Resolutions, Ranked 5 Tips to Help You Save Your First $1,000 How to Sign Up for an OptionsHouse Online Brokerage Account: A Step-by-Step Guide Rule Breaker Investing Opens Up to Q&A for Entrepreneur Month Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool "Maintain, Don't Gain" Tip No. 5: Give Back! #stocks
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 06, 8:45 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe National Gardening Store Selling All Lives Matter Christmas Ornaments Gets Blasted On Facebook By John Walsh @jrwalsh7 On 12/23/16 AT 11:23 AM Close A gardening supply store in Minnesota has received a great deal of backlash on social media for its decision to sell Christmas ornaments emblazoned with the words “All Lives Matter,” according to local reports Thursday. An optimistic person could interpret the ornament’s slogan as a calling for all races to come together in a colorblind society. But many interpret it as a direct attack against the goals of the Black Lives Matter movement, which was organized in part to accentuate the plight of black people who feel marginalized by U.S. institutions that disproportionately benefit the white majority. News of the controversy quickly circulated across the internet Wednesday night when one shopper posted a picture of the maligned Christmas decoration to a private Facebook group. The Facebook group had originally been created to support Hillary Clinton’s presidential candidacy this past election. A supporter of the UK branch of "Black Lives Matter" takes part in a demonstration in London, Aug. 5, 2016. Photo: Reuters Related Stories ‘Bulletproof: Black Lives Matter’ Clothing Pulled Off Walmart Shelves Trump Plans African-American Issues Meeting After the photo was posted, the Facebook page for the gardening store in the town of Grove Heights was inundated with complaints to remove the ornament. Those offended gave the store negative Facebook reviews in an attempt to tarnish its public image.  “It’s sad and disturbing that a local company would take a swipe at the Black Lives Matter movement during the Christmas season,” said Nekima Levy-Pounds a civil rights activist who was once been the president of the NAACP in Minneapolis, Minnesota. “This time of year is very painful and challenging for family members and loved ones mourning those who have died as a result of police violence. Beyond that, it is clear that all lives will not matter until black lives matter in this country, a pinnacle that has not yet been reached.” In accordance to the tremendous amount of political polarization currently in the U.S., Walmart announced Tuesday it would discontinue selling t-shirts and hooded sweatshirts that alternatively had the words “Bulletproof. Black Lives Matter” on them. An article published last week by the conservative Breitbart news website criticized Walmart for selling the pro Black Lives Matter merchandise after it had stopped selling products that displayed images of the Confederate flag in June 2015.  Walmart had also received condemnation from police departments across the country that thought the slogan insinuated violence against law enforcement officers, according to the Washington Post Tuesday. The national Fraternal Order of Police penned a letter to the retailer on Tuesday requesting it to stop selling the shirts. Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Business Donald Trump Attacks Toyota On Twitter The president-elect has previously targeted other automakers, including General Motors in a recent tweet, and Ford Motor on the campaign trail. Technology NVIDIA, Mercedes-Benz Will Make An AI-Powered Car The two companies announced the partnership at CES this week. World War Over Water? In Central Asia, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and China Battle Over Dry Land Seasonal snow melt generally feeds into area rivers, providing water to communities in Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and the Xinjiang region in China. National Esteben Santiago Isn't The First Ex-Serviceman To Turn Weapons On Civilians Reports indicate he served in both the Alaska and Puerto Rico National Guard. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Subscribe | Marketing Packages | Forums | Cookie Law | Our sites ThePigSite ThePoultrySite TheFishSite TheCattleSite TheDairySite TheBeefSite TheMeatSite TheCropSite TheSheepSite ThePetSite.co.uk ElSitioAvicola ElSitioPorcino ThePigSite.cn ThePoultrySite.cn TheFishSite.cn AgriTimes.ru 5M Farm Supplies 5M Books Follow @thepigsite News & Analysis Features Markets & Reports Knowledge Centre Business Directory Events Our Shop Forums Featured Articles Consumer Perspectives on Pork Quality23 December 2016 I was recently at the National Swine Improvement Federation (NSFI) conference in Raleigh, NC. This conference is held annually with most attendees being involved directly in the pork genetics industry. One of the key topics this year was consumer perspective and pork quality. Three different speakers, one from the National Pork Board, one private consultant, and one from the warehouse retailer Sam’s Club (owned by Wal-Mart) gave excellent talks about consumers’ wants and how the industry is not meeting these demands, writes Nick Boddicker, PhD. Here are some interesting facts from the speakers: 38% of US households are non-pork consumers 29% of US households account for 62% of the total fresh pork consumed 41% of US households consume bacon Pork is losing linear feet in the meat counter to: - Beef – it's hard to beat a good steak - Chicken – it's healthy and versatile - Salmon – tastes good, healthy, and versatile Seafood is growing in linear feet in retail stores Poultry is winning poundage shares, but not dollar shares Poultry continues to increase in per capita consumption It’s the only meat that is expected to increase based on Sam’s Club models Pork loin demand is on the decline Belly and ribs are supporting the pork cutout Not many pork options on restaurant menus As a whole, these are concerning figures and statements for the swine industry. Clearly, the consumer has spoken by consuming less pork year after year (4% decrease in the last 10 years according to the United States Department of Agriculture), but is the industry listening? At the producer and packing level, pork production is all about pounds of lean meat. This is probably why there are no meat quality standards and why the pork quality grading system has not been updated since 1985, nearly 31 years ago. According to consumer research presented by Laura Bachmeir from the National Pork Board, there is a considerable amount of variation in terms of color and marbling within pork products, such as fresh pork chops, offered to consumers at the retail level. This is not positive as consumers desire with-in product consistency over time. It is difficult to go into a store and get the same quality of product week after week. In order to improve the above figures the industry should change its objectives. All three speakers independently said the same thing; “the pork industry needs to align the grading with consumers demands.” The beef industry has done this and has been successful. Their grading system ranges from select to prime depending on the amount of marbling and the color of the meat. One of the speakers discussed a blind study that aimed to see if consumers could taste the difference between select and choice beef, and they could. However, the consumers could not describe the difference in the grading categories, only that the choice beef was a better eating experience. One limitation to grading pork is the lack of technology that can grade at the speed of the line. Human grading is subjective and time consuming. Once the technology is available and standards (marbling, color, pH) are developed, the consumer should be informed as to what they mean and what are acceptable values. The consumers can tell the difference when they eat pork with more marbling and tenderness. Panelists in a recent taste test of Genesus pork gave better sensory scores (higher overall texture, juiciness, flavor, and overall opinion) for the meat with higher pH and intramuscular fat, two important measures of pork quality. With a grading system similar to that of the beef industry, consumers could relate choice or prime pork with a positive and consistent eating experience. Another issue that leads to a poor eating experience is cooking techniques. Many consumers still believe that pork should be cooked to 165 F (74 C) because of trichinosis. Modern swine production has almost eliminated the disease through production practices, i.e. the pigs are not reared outside and fed table scraps. According to the US Center for Disease Control (CDC), trichinosis has decreased from 400 cases per year in the 1940s to 20 cases per year in the 2000s. The current recommended cooking temperature for pork is 145 F, or 63 C (http://www.porkbeinspired.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/2924.pdf). As we have previously written, Genesus is dedicated to improving carcass and meat quality. Genesus pigs regularly meet Japan’s pork quality requirements, which has strict criteria for marbling, color, and pH. Once the North American market develops its own standards (currently being reevaluated and developed by the National Pork Board), Genesus customers will be able to collect premiums without changing their population structure or production practices. There appears to be a growing interest as an industry to improve pork quality. Now words need to be turned into action. References: "Trichinellosis Fact Sheet – Division of Parasitic Diseases". Centre for Disease Control, US Government. August 2012. USDA. U.S. Beef and Pork Consumption Projected To Rebound. https://www.ers.usda.gov/amber-waves/2016/september/us-beef-and-pork-consumption-projected-to-rebound/ To find out more about Genesus Genetics, please take the time to visit their website at www.genesus.com . Share This Related Articles Consumers and Pork Quality - Tenderness 02 December 2016 Feed Intake, Growth, and Feed Conversion: What Does it All Mean? 09 September 2016 Maximizing Crossbred Pig Performance 17 June 2016 Managing Variation to Achieve Uniformity in Pig Production 13 May 2016 Disease Impacts on Performance of Grow-Finish Pigs 29 April 2016 Industry Showcase Our Sponsors Partners Seasonal Picks News Pig News Company News Headline News News by Category Analysis Latest Analysis Features Latest Features Reports CME Futures Market USDA Cash Grain Alan Brugler CME Archive Knowledge Walking the Pens Sow Group Housing Artificial-Insemination Managing Pig Health Pig Diseases Treatment Options Stockmanship Standards Disease Problem Solver Reproduction Problem Solver Swine Bibliography A Focus on Ileitis PCVAD and PMWS SwineCast Breeds of Swine Mycotoxins Videos Newsletter Links Marketing Marketing Packages Business Directory Submit Business Events Latest Events Submit Event About About 5m Publishing Our Editors © 2000 - 2014. 5m Publishing, Benchmark House, 8 Smithy Wood Drive, Sheffield, S35 1QN, England. 5m Enterprises Inc., Suite 4120, CBoT, 141 West Jackson Boulevard, Chicago, IL, 60604-2900, USA.- A Benchmark Holdings plc. Company No part of this site may be reproduced without permission. Co. Registration 3332321 VAT No. 100 1348 86 Terms and Conditions | Privacy | Disclaimer
× Weather Alert Information Alert data provided by http://alerts.weather.gov/ Close Contact Us Register Login DayExtra Classifieds Deals Jobs Homes Magazines Wheels Advertise Membership E-Paper High/Low: Humidity: Wind: Sunrise: Sunset: Visibility: View Full Forecast starting , ending . Powered by Forecast.io Local Toggle SECTIONS NEWS SPORTS OPINION COLUMNS & BLOGS ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS & VIDEO OBITUARIES News Sports Opinion Columns & Blogs Arts & Entertainment Photos & Video Obituaries DayExtra Classifieds Deals Jobs Homes Magazines WHEELS Advertise Membership E-Paper Police/Fire/Courts Business Local State/Northeast Nation/World Living Their Faith Special Reports Maps & Data Military UCONN High School Local Colleges Professional GameDay Editorials Letters Columns Op-Ed Guest Opinions Sports Features News Opinion Horoscopes Dear Abby Games & Puzzles Lifestyle Events & Exhibits Food & Drink Arts & Music Movies & TV Live Lunch Photo Galleries Videos GameDay Place an Ad Today's Listings Pets Garage & Yard Sales Map Jobs Day Saver Coupons Deal of the Day Rewards Business Directory Job Fair Local Jobs Homes of Distinction Find Local Listings Homes of Distinction Your Good Health Sound & Country Products Milestones Legal Obituary Classified Contact Us My Account Passport Rewards Subscribe Electronic Edition The Day's App Newspapers in Education Archives WARNING: This site requires JavaScript enabled to provide the best user experience possible. Please enable JavaScript within your browser for this site! LATEST NEWS Ledyard moves toward establishing charter revision commission 01-06 8:56 pm Snowy forecast leads to changes in Saturday's local sports schedule 01-06 8:56 pm I-95 clear after rollover in North Stonington closes left lane 01-06 8:50 pm Beemer close to resolving latest child molestation charges 01-06 8:23 pm Norwich officials meet with potential Reid & Hughes developer and will meet again 01-06 7:31 pm Norwich police cancel Silver Alert for missing teen 01-06 7:26 pm Police: Ledyard man arrested after robbery attempt, struggle 01-06 7:15 pm Judge imposes nine-year sentence in Montville shovel beating 01-06 6:47 pm East Lyme boards to hold joint meeting to review school proposal 01-06 6:43 pm 'Hardworking guy' sentenced to prison for sexual assault of teen 01-06 6:32 pm Tilikum, orca that killed trainer, dies at SeaWorld Orlando 01-06 6:25 pm Norwich school officials plan to absorb midyear cuts to state aid 01-06 5:36 pm Local News Local Sports Local Entertainment all day, every day Thank you for visiting theday.com. You've read 3 free articles. To continue reading up to 10 premium articles, you must register, or sign up and take advantage of this exclusive offer: Full Digital Access 12 weeks of savings $1 for 12 weeks Enjoy the benefits of membership for less. ACT NOW Already registered on theday.com? Login. Not registered? Register. No, thank you. ×Close Free kits make proper drug disposal easy Lisa Bragaw, clinical pharmacist at Simply Pharmacy in Waterford, on Thursday describes how to use the Medication Disposal System packages distributed free to 600 pharmacies by the state Department of Consumer Protection. (Judy Benson/The Day) Published December 23. 2016 11:59AM | Updated December 23. 2016 3:46PM By Judy Benson  Day staff writer j.benson@theday.com  BensonJudy Often after a family member dies, customers come to Simply Pharmacy or another local drug store to ask one of the pharmacists what to do with all their loved ones’ unused prescription medications. “A lot of people never throw stuff out,” Lisa Bragaw, clinical pharmacist at the Waterford store, said Thursday, describing medicine cabinets full of decades-old prescription vials. She and other local pharmacists have long been advising customers to bring the unused pills to medication drop boxes at local police departments. Or, they would hand them an instruction sheet describing steps for self-disposal: mix the unused portion with water or, if it’s a liquid, kitty litter, salt, coffee grounds, flour, charcoal or a powdered spice. The container should then be sealed with duct tape, placed inside a non-transparent bag and thrown in the trash. “We tell people one of the most important things is not to flush medication down the toilet,” said Phani Daggubati, pharmacy manager at Fort Hill Pharmacy in Groton. “And that they shouldn’t just keep it, because it can be easily abused.” Now, Daggubati, Bragaw and other pharmacists around the state have a new tool to help ensure that medications are disposed of properly. On Thursday, Gov. Dannel P. Malloy announced that 80,000 drug deactivation kits had been distributed free of charge to 600 pharmacies around the state, including Fort Hill and Simply Pharmacy, as well as CVS, Rite Aid, Walgreens, Wal-Mart, Stop & Shop, ShopRite and Big Y stores. The kits, in purple pouches about the size of a small tablet computer, were donated by the British-based company Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals and are now being given out for free to customers at the participating pharmacies. “Absolutely this is a good thing,” said Marghie Giuliano, executive vice president of the Connecticut Pharmacists Association. “It certainly raises awareness about the safe disposal of medications, and provides pharmacists with a new tool.” For years, she said, pharmacists have been telling customers not to flush drugs down the toilet, because municipal sewage treatment systems aren’t equipped to remove these substances from the waste stream, meaning residues end up being discharged into rivers and streams. In the past few years, though, with the worsening opioid crisis, proper drug disposal has taken on a new urgency. Getting unused drugs out of the house prevents them from being stolen and misused. Excess prescription opioids are “known to contribute to misuse, abuse and addiction,” according to a news release from Malloy. “These kits will allow Connecticut residents to safely dispose of these drugs at home without contaminating water sources or harming the environment,” the release said. Each kit can dispose of up to 45 pills or six ounces of liquid. The medications are placed inside the pouch, which contains charcoal. It is then filled halfway with warm water, and allowed to sit for 30 seconds. After that, it should be shaken gently and disposed of in the trash. “It’s very important to get drugs off the street, but also not to get it in the water supply,” Bragaw said. “This is small, and easy to use, and it’s free.” Simply Pharmacy has received about 250 of the packets, and Fort Hill Pharmacy has received about 65. Both say they’ve already given some away. Giuliano said the kits will be especially helpful for senior citizens, who may have difficulty bringing medications to a police department drop box or following the steps for proper self-disposal. “It can be a challenge for the elderly,” she said. j.benson@theday.com  More information: For locations of medication drop boxes, visit http://bit.ly/2hkNmNw. Any Connecticut pharmacy that has not received kits or would like to request additional ones should contact the state Department of Consumer Protection’s Drug Control Division at dcp.drugcontrol@ct.gov">dcp.drugcontrol@ct.gov or (860) 713-6065. Next Article Loading comment count... Commenting is closed. Comment threads are monitored for 48 hours after publication and then closed. READER COMMENTS Loading comments... Hide Comments MOST READ 1 Waterford police surround shopper's car, prompt complaint 2 Scott Bates of Stonington named deputy secretary of the state 3 Report: 3 kids watched movie as parents lay dead outside SUV 4 New class of ballistic missile submarines reaches milestone 5 UPDATED: Snowstorm leaves several schools with delayed start 6 Sisters' $8 million bequest to benefit birds, environment 7 Man found dead in Maryland woods had been Coast Guard cadet 8 Feds find $20M cash hidden in Massachusetts box spring 9 Sears to sell Craftsman tool brand, close some stores 10 Two promoted at New London Police Department MOST VIEWED MEDIA 1 GameDay preview: Ledyard-New London boys basketball 2 New London's Parkers are a coaching family 3 Ledyard's Trevor Hutchins on his 30-point game vs. Waterford 4 Take a test drive at Naskart Indoor Kart Racing in Montville 5 Northeast sees little population growth in 2016 MOST DISCUSSED STORIES 1 Waterford police surround shopper's car, prompt complaint 53 2 New class of ballistic missile submarines reaches milestone 41 3 New London woman who hit 5 parked cars charged with DUI 39 4 Malloy calls for smaller government, labor concessions, school aid changes 24 5 UPDATED: Report says Putin ordered campaign to help Trump 23 Back to Top About The Day The Day Publishing Company 47 Eugene O'Neill Drive P.O. Box 1231 New London, CT 06320-1231 USA Staff Profiles FAQs Jobs at The Day Contact Us Connect with us Quick Links DayExtra E-Paper Contests Lottery Numbers Horoscopes Puzzles TV Weather Calendar Milestones Today's Headlines Advertising About Our Ads Advertise Place a Classified Ad Contacts Find New London Area Jobs Services Full-page Reprints Photo Reprints The Day Collection Privacy Policy/Terms RSS Text/SMS Alerts
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Soccer Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 11° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low 8F. Winds NW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: January 6, 2017 @ 7:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Close The Associated Press In this Sunday, Dec. 26, 2010, file photo, a shopper at the Brea Mall in Brea, Calif., carries bags full of packages. Amid the holiday decorations and cheerful ads, splurging is not an option for many Americans struggling to get by. (Michael Goulding/The Orange County Register via AP, File) Holiday splurging not an option for many workers scraping by By Anne D'Innocenzio • AP Retail Writer Dec 23, 2016 (…) The Associated Press In this Sunday, Dec. 26, 2010, file photo, a shopper at the Brea Mall in Brea, Calif., carries bags full of packages. Amid the holiday decorations and cheerful ads, splurging is not an option for many Americans struggling to get by. (Michael Goulding/The Orange County Register via AP, File) ELIZABETH, N.J. • At the brightly lit mall, clothing stores highlight holiday sweaters and big signs tout the sales, while Duquan Allen keeps his expectations in check. Allen, who works full-time cleaning planes at Newark Airport, says his mother doesn't expect anything big, and he usually gets a hooded sweatshirt. He plans to spend about $150 on presents for his grandmother, mother and 21-year-old sister. "I'm good at budgeting," says Allen, who makes $10.10 an hour. Heading into this holiday season, with gas and food costs down, unemployment at its lowest point since 2007 and clothing prices on the decline, economists and retail executives declared it a great time to be a consumer. But seven years into the recovery, there's a stubborn divide that hourly workers see more starkly during the holidays, between themselves and better-off consumers who have benefited more as the economy improved. "I see people traveling. I wish I could afford it," said Allen. Many workers are indeed earning more. Average hourly earnings have picked up 2.5 percent over the past year, and major retailers have raised wages as competition for workers has increased. Thanksgiving weekend featured crowds of shoppers at stores and malls, snapping up new TVs and clothing. Luxury stores have promoted "feel-good" gifts like $1,000 silk pajamas. Americans spent $3.45 billion online on Cyber Monday, according to Adobe Digital Insights, and nearly that much on Black Friday, the day after Thanksgiving. The National Retail Federation trade group expects holiday sales for the November and December period to rise 3.6 percent to $655.8 billion. From the data, people seem very able to buy. Overall, people plan to spend about $935 per person this holiday season, according to an NRF survey. Behind that figure, though, there's a split. Consumers with income under $50,000 plan to spend a little over $362 on gifts for their family and friends, while for those with income of $50,000 and higher, that number is about $768. Throwing in decorations, greeting cards, flowers and food, the difference is even larger — around $512, compared to about $1,020. That divide also hasn't budged since the recession. "The U.S. economy is not creating high-wage jobs for lower- and middle-income consumers," said Ken Perkins, president of research firm Retail Metrics LLC. "This is making it extremely difficult for lower-income consumers to make a living. There's really not a lot left for Santa Claus." About half of American workers have seen their share of overall income growth shrink since 1980, according to a recent study by economists Thomas Piketty, Emmanuel Saez and Gabriel Zucman. In 1980, the top 1 percent of adults earned on average 27 times more than the bottom 50 percent adults; now, they earn 81 times more. Workers at Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the nation's largest private employer, now earn an average of $13.38 an hour, while the average hourly pay for cashiers and low-level retail sales staff across the industry is $9.26, according to a Hay Group survey. But some groups say hourly employees across the board still don't make enough to live on. Their fight will face hurdles with President-elect Donald Trump's pick for labor secretary: fast-food CEO Andrew Puzder, who has been critical of minimum wage increases. "It's a scary-looking administration," said Scott Courtney, executive vice president of the Service Employees International Union. But he said the "Fight for $15" campaign that began with retail and restaurant workers is not giving up. "You are going to see a lot more opposition and a lot more people taking part." Besides the hourly wage, some workers say an issue is they can't get enough hours. The share of people working part-time because that's all they can get remains at recessionary low levels, according to research by Penn State professor and the University of Illinois' Project for Middle Class Renewal senior research analyst Lonnie Golden, published by the Economic Policy Institute. That level is nearly 45 percent higher than it was in 2008, fueled by a few industries like the retail sector. Who's hired? Check our People in Business See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis How do they stack up? Compare pay of top St. Louis executives Maria Coates, 20, of Elizabeth, N.J., works about 35 hours a week at a mall-based clothing store, but would like more hours to make more money. "I wish I could shop for my mother, my grandmother and my sister," said Coates, who plans to spend $50 for the whole family. More than that, she'd like to be able to afford to study accounting. "What I really want is to go to school so I can get a better job." After rent and rising health care costs, some workers find there's not much left. Allen says of the $1,260 per month he takes home, more than half goes toward rent. After food, Wi-Fi, phone and utilities, he has about $310 per month for any other needs. He doesn't have health insurance and recently paid $100 to fix an abscessed tooth — the equivalent of about ten hours of work. "The real story for the economic pinch seems to be the rise in health insurance costs," said economist Michael P. Niemira, who examined 2015 data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics and focused on the second-lowest income strata, which had an average pretax income of $28,343 — about $13.63 an hour for full-time work. Niemira, principal at The Retail Economist LLC, says health insurance costs as a share of pretax wages for that group were 15 percent in 2015, up from 8 percent in 2005. Other needs like rent are a bigger burden as well. For those in the income group Niemira examined, rent accounts for nearly 12 percent of pretax income, compared to less than 7 percent for all consumers, and just 2.7 percent for those in the highest 20 percent of income. In metropolitan areas like New York, it can be much, much higher. Mojisola Arogundade, who like Allen works at Newark for contractor PrimeFlight, says she saved about $250 since July to spend on presents for her six grandchildren. She's hoping to buy them clothes, but usually goes to thrift shops or local stores in Elizabeth, New Jersey, where she lives. "For a nightgown, I can get $2.99," says Arogundade. She rarely finds what she can afford at the mall: "I just come here for sightseeing." Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Business General News Labor Economy Wages And Salaries Holidays Economy Holiday Shopping Public Opinion Recessions And Depressions Personal Spending Personal Finance Personnel Occasions Lifestyle Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Shopping Social Affairs Retail And Wholesale Sector Performance Worker Commerce Work Finance Wage Industry Economics View (…) comments Most popular Kmart closing stores in St. Louis, Alton and Granite City Infomercial sensation 'My Pillow' flunks out of Better Business Bureau Four St. Louis projects win nearly $51 million in TIF support St. Louis to get new nonstop flight to Charleston, S.C. Ford cancels $1.6 billion Mexican plant, will invest $700 million in Michigan factory Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section J.C. Penney holiday sales fell 0.8 percent, shares slide Apartments, parking garage out of next Cortex growth spurt Boosted by Apple, Wall Street parties like it's 19,999 The Limited closing all stores across the U.S. Boeing's 2016 orders lowest since 2010, deliveries hit target Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Find the dream job you are looking for Get your Blues gear from the Post-Dispatch Store! See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Member Rewards log in Site Archive Frank Lloyd Wright house finds a new home in Arkansas Friday Dec 23, 2016 at 11:18 AM Dec 23, 2016 at 11:21 AM By Kelly P. Kissel of the Associated Press BENTONVILLE, Ark. — A Frank Lloyd Wright house that was flooded by Superstorm Sandy in New Jersey is high and dry in Arkansas. And it's getting thousands of visitors as part of the Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art. The Bachman-Wilson House, originally located in Millstone, N.J., was one of Wright's famed Usonian homes. The architect created these small, simple structures for middle-class Americans, and about 60 were built. The Crystal Bridges Museum, founded by Wal-Mart heiress Alice Walton, had the home moved to Bentonville, Ark., where it was aligned on the same axis Wright used when laying out the building in 1954. More than 80,000 people have toured the Bachman-Wilson House in the past year. The home is presented as a retreat — a place to get away from it all without having to get away. "You're completely immersed in your natural environment," said Dylan Turk, a curatorial assistant at Crystal Bridges. "Wright's using materials that are American and comfortable — woods and natural materials — because he feels that is more connectible than steel, which is what other architects were using at that time." Wright desired an American identity among everyday homes and labeled his style "Usonian," for the "United States of North America." He wanted them to be affordable, and charged just $400 for the plans for the Bachman-Wilson House. The house cost about $30,000 to build. Wright actually never visited a Usonian home, Turk said. He was busy working on the Price Tower in Bartlesville, Okla., and the Guggenheim Museum in New York, when the Bachman-Wilson House was built. "Wright valued everything he designed, but he was also working on, at the time, The Guggenheim, which he thought would be his shining moment as an architect. He may have been a little preoccupied," Turk said. While it wasn't part of the Crystal Bridges' initial plan, the Wright-designed home fits in with the museum's concentration on art, architecture and nature, Turk said. Crystal Bridges architect Moshe Safdie sited the museum above Town Branch Creek. The Bachman-Wilson House overlooks Crystal Spring, a tributary well out of the flood plain. Students from the University of Arkansas' school of architecture, which is named after Wright protege Fay Jones, designed a welcome pavilion nearby. Wright, Jones and Safdie each won the American Institute of Architects' Gold Medal. "I wish I could have said I initiated the action to get the house, but I didn't," Safdie said. While he hasn't yet seen the Bachman-Wilson House in Arkansas, he said he was thrilled to hear about the acquisition and noted that he, Jones and Wright each now have an influence on the museum's grounds. "The trilogy has pleased me," he said. Before the house opened on a recent chilly morning, Turk sat down on the living room's low-slung bench, which abuts a cinder block wall designed as a barrier for the world outside. Across the room is a wall of glass, broken up by mahogany door frames and window frames cut in the shape of a maple tree's winged seed pod. The room faces southwest to catch the afternoon sun. "He wanted you to be as close to the ground as you possibly could be because he thought that grounded you," Turk said. "You're looking up. You can see the tops of the trees through the clerestory windows." A rust-colored floor, heated from beneath, extends beyond the glass. "He pioneered radiant heat in the United States. If you are outside on a cool night, you can feel your house," Turk said. "He wanted you to feel your house in as many ways as you possibly could." The Bachman-Wilson House flooded a number of times in New Jersey, most recently when Sandy hit in 2012. When its owners considered moving it to preserve it, Crystal Bridges said it would fit in with its mission. "Art is not just a painting that hangs on the wall," Turk said. "If you want to be creative, it doesn't have to be limited to a canvas. "This is familiar. It's a house," he said. "Most people live in a house, so it allows us to open up this space for people to come in and go, 'Huh, my house doesn't look like this. Why?' or 'I have this in my house. Why do I have this in my house?'"       About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Customer Service Newspaper in Education Submit an Ad Internships Contact Us Market Place Shop Cars Homes Free Classifieds Ad Classifieds Community Info Community Served About us Historic Headlines Peoria History Forms Anniversaries Births Engagements Weddings 100th Birthday Jobs in Peoria Pets Place a Classified Ad Real Estate Rentals Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse Entertainmentlife Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Journal Star ~ Peoria, IL 61643 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Phil Luciano Police/Fire/Courts Word on the Street Random Acts of Kindness Education State News Databases Election 2016 Sports Preps Columns Rivermen Peoria Chiefs Sports Forums Bradley Hoops Auto Racing Entertainment Books Dining Out More Puzzles Movies TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Shareables Opinion Our Editorials Forum Letters Other Columns Write a letter Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Blogs Calendar Celebrations Games Contests Branded Content Submit Your News Member Rewards Subscriber E-Edition Customer Service All Access Signup Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Local Directory Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
    Uh oh, looks like there is a problem. It appears your ad blocker is affecting our functionality. To continue reading, simply turn it off and refresh the page. Home News Naugatuck Beacon Falls Prospect Schools Naugatuck Region 16 Police Blotter Multimedia Sports All-Decade Baseball Basketball Cross Country Football Golf Soccer Softball Swimming Tennis Track and Field Volleyball Obituaries Letters Calendar Classifieds Announcements Employment Merchandise Notices Real Estate – Rent Real Estate – Sales Recreational Vehicles Service Directory Transportation Contact CN Home Delivery E-edition Police charge mother with leaving children in car, larceny   December 23, 2016 - Naugatuck, News - Tagged: Naugatuck, police - no comments NAUGATUCK — A 32-year-old Naugatuck woman was arrested Tuesday after police say she left her children in the car at Walmart while she attempted to fraudulently return items in the store. Police were called to the store on New Haven Road at about 4:40 p.m. for a report of children left alone in a car. Police located the children’s mother, Jennifer Sprague, inside the store and said she selected items and attempted to return them fraudulently. Naugatuck police spokesman Lt. Bryan Cammarata said two children, both under the age of 10, were left in the car. Police called the Department of Children and Families, he said, and the children’s father came to the store to pick them up. Sprague was charged with risk of injury to child, leaving child under 12 unsupervised, second-degree reckless endangerment and sixth-degree larceny. She was held on a $10,000 surety bond and scheduled to appear in Waterbury Superior Court on Wednesday. Share this: Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Related Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Recent Posts Obituary: Ruth M. Ryan School buses involved in minor accident Obituary: Madeleine B. Pritchard Top local sports stories of 2016 Borough to collect Christmas trees Recent Comments Skid Lee on Archdiocese plan could close 2 borough churches Skid Lee on Police seek larceny suspect Skid Lee on Police seek larceny suspect Skid Lee on Borough official found dead in car bfhillboy on Complaint renews allegations against official Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 Search Classifieds Search For: Select CategoryTRANSPORTATION (3)SERVICE DIRECTORY (11)RECREATIONAL VEHICLES (3)REAL ESTATE - SALES (3)REAL ESTATE - RENT (23)MERCHANDISE (2)EMPLOYMENT (22) Newspapers Bristol Observer Plainville Observer Republican American Southington Observer Featured Ads See All Ads Featured Coupons See All Ads Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Privacy Policy Contact us Citizens News 71 Weid Drive Naugatuck, CT 06770 Phone: (203) 729-2228 Fax : (203) 729-9099 Monday-Friday, 9 a.m.-5 p.m. Citizen's News Powered by WordPress Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Weather 35° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About TD Jakes More Video Photos Share It More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About TD Jakes More Video Photos Share It Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Closings Alert 41 closing alerts Weather Alert 67 weather alerts Close Gold coin, valued at more than $1.1K, found in Red Kettle WHAS11.com Staff , WHAS 11:47 AM. EST December 23, 2016 A Gold Krugerrand, valued at more than $1,100, was found in a Salvation Army Red Kettle on Dec. 22, 2016.  CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST LOUISVILLE (WHAS11) -- The Salvation Army found a gold coin in a Bashford Manor Walmart Red Kettle on Thursday night. The Gold Krugerrand is worth $1,134. “With just two days to go in our campaign and still about $3,500 short of where we were a year ago at this time, this was welcome news,” Major Roy Williams, with The Salvation Army, said. “Finding the gold coin really underscores the generosity of this great community and it reaffirms that folks continue to support our mission after 133 years in Louisville; it’s truly a blessing so close to Christmas.” The 126th Red Kettle campaign wraps up on Christmas Eve at 2 p.m. around Louisville. The Salvation Army says they want to reach $475,000 goal. The funds are used locally to maintain programs and services throughout the year. CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS 13News Now at Daybreak weather, Jan. 6 13News Now at Noon weather, Jan. 6 Two people hurt in overnight shooting Mad rush at stores before storm arrives Sailors mom brutally attacked over Christmas Whale in distress reported by Rudee Inlet Making Your Mark: Ways to keep your new year's resolution Local Navy Air Squadron moves to Japan More Stories Blizzard warning issued for parts of Hampton Roads Jan. 3, 2017, 2:53 p.m. Police searching for missing and endangered man in Va. Beach Jan. 6, 2017, 7:22 p.m. Virginia leaders say state is ready for the storm Jan. 6, 2017, 7:56 p.m. About Us Contact Us Meet The Team Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather 7 Day Outlook Hurricane Center Closings & Delays Weather Maps Weather Cameras National Webcams More... Weathercaster App More Weather Radars Pollen Forecast Location Search Weather Knowledge Beach and Boating Forecast Weather Insiders Weather Alerts Health Detail weather redirecct Local 13 News Now Investigates Links in the News Military News North Carolina News My City Lottery More... Mugshots Charlie Foxtrot More Local Politics Consumer Minute Newsmaker Headlines On Demand National Politics Peninsula Now Special Reports (needs cat) Virginia News BuyER Beware Side Effects Pearl Harbor Year in Review Nation Now Traffic Southside Gas Prices Live Cameras Peninsula Gas Prices North Carolina Traffic Airport Status Sports 2016 Olympics High School Sports Local College Sports Admirals Tides NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Making Your Mark Joe&s Job Holiday Salute Senior Source HealthLink 13Specialist More... Sweepstakes Hampton Roads Happenings More Features Consumer Minute Event Calendar Shelter Sunday Savings Sunday Coastal Connections Workplace Woes Peli-Cam Eagle Cam Archives The Oscars on ABC CMA Awards Watch ABC Shows TD Jakes Magnify Money Vote Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights American Theatre NORAD Santa Tracker About Meet The Team Advertise With Us Jobs Contact Us TV Listings Justice Network More... Closed Captioning ABC News Player TEGNA Foundation Lottery Numbers More About Us Privacy Terms Ad Choices ABC Player Community Rules Connect With Us Conversation Guidelines FAQ FCC Public Inspection File Newsletters RSS Text Alerts Survey TD Jakes More © 2017 WVEC-TV Services Advertise With Us WVEC Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners ABC Career Builder cars.com Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Stock Indices' Strong Closings Mask Underlying Weakness DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Here Are Four Stocks That Donald Trump Won't Be Tweeting About Which companies will Donald Trump tweet about next? Rhonda Schaffler Dec 23, 2016 12:45 PM EST While some companies live in fear of being the subject of a Donald Trump tweet, some are more likely to be Trump targets than others.   Chris Malone, founder of consulting firm Fidelum Partners, lists the next potential Trump tweet targets at Booz Allen Hamilton (BAH) , Samsung (SSNLF) , Volkswagen  (VLKAY) and Walmart (WMT) . In the case of Booz Allen Hamilton, Malone says most of the company's business is with the U.S. government, and two of its former employees were charged with stealing top-secret intelligence. Malone says VW and Samsung could be targets because of safety issues with their products, and Walmart could be a target for employing workers part-time to avoid paying them benefits.   But Malone says companies with strong leaders and loyal followers would likely avoid any criticism from Trump.  He says those companies include Amazon (AMZN) , Apple (AAPL) , Starbucks (SBUX) and Tesla (TSLA) . If you liked this article you might like Week Ahead: Fed Meeting, Jobs Report Paint Clearer Picture for Rate Hike Chances The Federal Reserve will again convene in the coming week to discuss monetary policy, but investors will instead focus on what it may mean for a rate hike in December. Keris Alison Lahiff Oct 30, 2016 9:50 AM EDT Closing Bell: Booz Allen Hamilton Slumps on NSA Arrest; U.S. Stocks Rally A crude oil rally Wednesday helped Wall Street rally to erase all losses endured in a selloff a day earlier. Keris Alison Lahiff Oct 5, 2016 4:38 PM EDT Wall Street Rallies as Crude Jumps to Three-Month High A crude oil rally helps Wall Street rally on Wednesday to erase all losses endured a day earlier. Keris Alison Lahiff Oct 5, 2016 4:04 PM EDT Trending Why Gold Prices Right Now Should Have You Feeling Beyond Thrilled 10 Financial Stocks to Devour Before Trump Rally Sends Them Soaring Health Care, Banks Lead Game Strategy for Next Week: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 1/6/17) 5 Stocks Setting Up for Big Breakouts Dying Sears Sells Craftsman for a Song to Stay Alive Another Year Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Check out the latest theme park experiences and attractions News Alert Disney cancels half marathon, Saturday kids races Tech Check On startups and technology in Central Florida Business Technology Central Florida Tech Check First Starter Studio grad still winning awards Shoflo accepts its award (handout photo) Marco SantanaContact Reporter Orlando's Shoflo wins event marketing award at ceremony It has been a good holiday season for an Orlando event software company. Shoflo, which designed a software platform for event planners and event production teams, recently won a tech and innovation award from ibtm. Ibtm, a leading group in the events space, handed out the award at an industry conference in Barcelona. Shoflo’s software has been used to organize events by major clients across the U.S., including Walmart, Mary Kay and the Orlando Magic. It helps team members coordinate in one place the flow of an event. For instance, if a change needs to be made to the order of presentations, all team members will know simultaneously. Previous systems were built off static paper schedules. Caption Macy’s closing multiple stores Macy’s is planning to close about 100 stores — nearly 15% of its locations — this year due to pressure as consumers increasingly shop online. (Jan. 5, 2017) Macy’s is planning to close about 100 stores — nearly 15% of its locations — this year due to pressure as consumers increasingly shop online. (Jan. 5, 2017) Caption Macy’s closing multiple stores Macy’s is planning to close about 100 stores — nearly 15% of its locations — this year due to pressure as consumers increasingly shop online. (Jan. 5, 2017) Macy’s is planning to close about 100 stores — nearly 15% of its locations — this year due to pressure as consumers increasingly shop online. (Jan. 5, 2017) Caption Fun Spot is still growing with a new roller coaster - Orlando News Now Fun Spot, which is in expansion mode -- and considered moving into other markets but decided there was more gold to mine in Central Florida. Fun Spot, which is in expansion mode -- and considered moving into other markets but decided there was more gold to mine in Central Florida. Caption Orlando Fashion Square Mall files for bankruptcy - Orlando News Now More to the story on Fashion Square mall financial troubles, with owner now accusing its bank of “fraud”… Exclusive scoop on mall owner filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy Friday morning. More to the story on Fashion Square mall financial troubles, with owner now accusing its bank of “fraud”… Exclusive scoop on mall owner filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy Friday morning. Caption How California's minimum wage law may affect the apparel industry In Los Angeles County, minimum wage will rise to $15 by 2021, and will become statewide in 2022. Here's how it could affect apparel companies in Los Angeles. (Jan. 3, 2017) In Los Angeles County, minimum wage will rise to $15 by 2021, and will become statewide in 2022. Here's how it could affect apparel companies in Los Angeles. (Jan. 3, 2017) Caption Bancorp Bank sues to foreclose on Orlando Fashion Square Mall - Orlando News Now Fashion Square's foreclosure issues are just the latest troubles for Orlando area malls. Many have tried to reinvent themselves, but have mostly failed. Festival Bay, West Oaks, Oviedo and even Winter Park Mall struggled and a few even met the wrecking ball. Fashion Square's foreclosure issues are just the latest troubles for Orlando area malls. Many have tried to reinvent themselves, but have mostly failed. Festival Bay, West Oaks, Oviedo and even Winter Park Mall struggled and a few even met the wrecking ball. Shoflo was among the first businesses to graduate from Starter Studio, an Orlando-based accelerator program that continues to draw interest from local startups. The company began its run there in August 2012. Shoflo has raised more than $800,000 during the last two years. Founder and CEO Stephen Bowles issued a statement about the award early this month. "It's an absolute honor to receive this award from ibtm world and EventMB,” he said. “Shoflo is more than just a new software widget, we are changing the behavior of an entire industry for the better. To win this prestigious global award at ibtm is such an encouragement and validation for my team and the industry as whole." msantana@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5256; Twitter, @marcosantana. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Breaking: Florida Angel Nexus to fund Orlando-based Shoflo All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 70°
Menu Search Home Biotech Diagnostics Health IT Medical Devices Payers Pharma Policy & Regulation Providers Population Health Events About Us Advertising Contact us Send Tips Advertising About Twitter Facebook RSS Feedly Subscribe via email Theranos cuts 41% of workforce as it concentrates on miniLab (updated) Reputation.com sought out healthcare-specific investment in new $20M round Exclusive: Counsyl’s oncology unit falters; 24 lose jobs Everybody Else Is Reading This Valencell says medical device companies are interested in potential of “hearables” $100M PatientsLikeMe-iCarbonX deal highlights huge day in digital health investment Here’s an infographic of drug patents expiring in 2017 Analysts are bullish on Abbott’s St. Jude Medical deal, but … What SCOTUS’s refusal to review cases on patent-eligible subject means For healthcare CEOs in early 2017, it’s hasta la vista, baby Takeda backs new celiac spin-out PvP Biologics Everybody Else Is Reading This In first major digital health deal of the year, Castlight Health acquires Jiff Diversity in clinical trials: An issue that we can no longer ignore Startup PeerWell enlists oft-injured NFL players in developing new ReHab app (Updated) Send Tips Advertising About Twitter Facebook RSS Feedly Subscribe via email MedCity News Patient Engagement Healthcare Convergence Investing & Startups Big Data Precision Medicine Events Who’s innovating in medication management for the 50+ market? You decide Join us at MedCity INVEST May 17-18 in Chicago, where investors and startups connect. Early bird pricing! Join us at MedCity INVEST May 17-18 in Chicago – meet and connect with investors and innovative health care startups. Get best rate NOW. Health IT, MedCitizens, Convergence Is the direct-to-patient model the future of clinical trials? By Zikria Syed Post a comment / Dec 23, 2016 at 1:58 PM Shares307 Black Friday, the day after Thanksgiving, is the biggest shopping day of the year in America. According to US News and World Reports, this year 99.1 million Americans shopped at malls and stores.  However, an even larger number – 108 million – shopped online. Remarkably enough, this gap appears to be widening rapidly — in 2015, 103 million shopped online and 102 million shopped in stores.   This growing disintermediation enabled by technology is not limited to retail.  For example, the traditional taxi service is quickly getting supplemented and supplanted by ride-sharing services like Uber and Lyft. Interestingly, these new offerings ultimately grow the market instead of just replacing the existing medium as evidenced by Uber’s estimated sales of $500 million in San Francisco adding to the $140 million sales for taxis. While this disintermediation is highly disruptive to existing players, the benefits to the consumer are significant in terms of cost saving, convenience, and potentially new offerings. However, the existing players often adjust to the new models (for example, Walmart is one of the largest online retailers) and prosper alongside new entrants so long as they are willing to adopt. The technology takeover has recently extended to healthcare. Hospitals such as Brigham and Women’s Hospital (BWH) in Boston are embracing virtual care or telehealth. Patients recognize the convenience and time saved by using virtual visits, and the speedier responses of e-visits. By embracing virtual care, Brigham and Women’s Hospital expects to reduce no-shows and increase the number of patients engaging with their doctors. Clinical trials are conducted in the typical brick-and-mortar retail model since pharmaceutical companies use clinical trial sites (hospitals or ambulatory clinics) for conducting them. During the conduct of the trial, sites are responsible for recruiting, treating, and following up on the patients. Additionally, clinical trial sites act as intermediaries, receiving shipments of Investigational Products (drugs that are being tested in the trial), and then dispensing them to the patients. In clinical trials, access to patients is one of the biggest factors driving costs higher and delaying completion of clinical trials.  A study sponsored by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) estimates the patient recruitment and retention costs to be three percent of trial budgets (or approximately $2.28 billion per year). However, pharmaceutical companies are unable to directly recruit patients and run trials as healthcare providers are the intermediaries running clinical trials on behalf of pharmaceutical companies.    In 2011, Pfizer with backing from the FDA, pioneered the concept of a virtual clinical trial in its US Research on Electronic Monitoring of OAB Treatment Experience (REMOTE).  The objective of the trial was to study the safety and efficacy of Detrol LA (tolterodine tartrate) on patients suffering from overactive bladder.  It used mobile and web-based technology for collecting study data from patients, thereby eliminating the need for a clinic visit. The goal of the study was to enroll 600 patients across 10 states in the US. Pfizer expected that if successful, this new approach could both speed up trials and improve their quality. Pfizer also promoted this study as an entirely new way for patients to participate in trials and contribute to biomedical research. Although the Pfizer trial was not successful, it created a starting point for virtual clinical trials, and there are many resulting lessons that the industry learned. Strengths of the trial included the extensive online process to ensure that applicants were qualified, and the process Pfizer used to guarantee that patient consent was properly acquired. However, the main problem of the study was that Pfizer failed to recruit enough of the 600 qualified patients that they needed. Although Pfizer advertised their trial through a cartoon video and thousands created accounts to participate, not enough of these people were qualified candidates for the trial. Craig Lipset, Pfizer’s head of clinical innovation, believes that the process of recruiting people online for the virtual clinical trials could potentially be successful, but that conventional offline channels are more effective for certain diseases and severity levels. Thus, the industry has not given up on the concept of the virtual trial. In 2015, Sanofi announced that it would hold its own virtual clinical trial in Europe. However, instead of testing a drug, the trial used Mendor’s  3-G-capable, wireless glucose meter to automatically send patient blood glucose levels to physicians. Therefore, measures could be taken in real-time to stabilize sugar levels. Additionally, the trial process was handled differently from the Pfizer trial. Although there was no physical trial area, the VERKKO remote online Phase IV clinical trial for diabetes used multiple partners. Although both Pfizer and Sanofi’s studies used social media recruitment, Sanofi’s trial was successful in recruiting patients, proving that the problem may have been with the specific disease studied in the Pfizer trial, rather than with virtual clinical trials themselves. Just as virtual clinical trials are currently being explored to improve the patient experience, direct-to-patient trials are also being tested. Similarly, in direct-to-patient trials, clinical trial centers are eliminated as intermediaries. Instead, doctors make home visits to patients, and patients receive their medications directly in the mail. This system could potentially greatly increase patient convenience and engagement. Geographical barriers would no longer limit participation since patients would not be required to live close to clinical trial sites, or make long, time-consuming journeys. Companies such as Science 37 are exploring this idea to pioneer better clinical trial programs. Science 37 offers “metasites”, or direct-to-patient trials in which patients can use their existing doctors, or receive home visits. To create the optimal direct-to-patient experience, Science 37 uses a cloud-based mobile platform, NORA (Network Oriented Research Assistant), to connect patients, researchers, and health professionals. The use of smartphones, which almost two-thirds of Americans use, could also make clinical trials much more accessible and easy for people to participate in. Similarly, Elligo Health Sciences is a company dedicated to running direct-to-patient trials. The company believes that the convenience of receiving care from home, and receiving investigational products directly at home will help to create trials in which more patients participate, thus accelerating the trial results. Although virtual clinical trials and direct-to-patient trials could revolutionize the healthcare industry, they are not sufficient for every type of trial. For example, cancer treatment trials would be best run from clinical trial sites since patients need biopsies. In other cases, finding participants for specific trials is easier in offline situations. However, the reform of the health care industry through technology is undeniable, as the concepts of virtual clinical trials and direct-to-patient trials are currently being explored. While these models are still currently being reformed, they could ultimately help expand the patient population—improving trial results, and potentially leaving clinical trial sites as a notion of the past. Jasmine Syed contributed to this article. Photo: Jirsak, Getty Images This post appears through the MedCity News MedCitizens program. Anyone can publish their perspective on business and innovation in healthcare on MedCity News through MedCitizens. Click here to find out how. Zikria Syed Zikria Syed is the founder and CEO of VitalTrax, a clinical trial solutions company specializing in electronic Clinical Outcomes Assessment (eCOA). He is passionate about creating amazing software and companies to address some of the biggest challenges in life sciences. More posts by Author Shares307 Topics biotech, Clinical Trials, digital health, pharma More controversy around Trump’s HHS pick, Tom Price Did Merck’s experimental vaccine help end the Ebola outbreak? Hear the latest industry news first. Sign up for our daily newsletter. No comments GOT NEWS? SEND US A TIP  MedCity >> Inbox Get the latest industry news first when you subscribe to our daily newsletter. Promoted Is your startup ready to pitch NFL owners, sports-focused VCs and medical professionals? The National Football League (NFL) is looking for promising innovations to help advance the game of football and the safety of its players. The NFL and the Texas Medical Center (TMC) are hosting a pitch competition to uncover the next breakthrough innovations in sports technology: 1st and Future. If this describes the goals of your company, this pitch competition is for you. Apply for the biggest sports-tech pitch competition of the year. The National Football League From the MedCity Team Analysts are bullish on Abbott’s St. Jude Medical deal, but … Arundhati Parmar  |  8:05 pm, January 5 Valencell says medical device companies are interested in potential of “hearables” Stephanie Baum  |  9:28 am, January 6 Exclusive: Counsyl’s oncology unit falters; 24 lose jobs Juliet Preston  |  3:15 pm, January 6 Theranos cuts 41% of workforce as it concentrates on miniLab (updated) Neil Versel  |  5:15 pm, January 6 Promoted An Intersection of Technology & Medicine – Digital Medicine Showcase Digital Medicine Showcase takes place during healthcare’s busiest week of the year in San Francisco January 10–11 at Biotech Showcase. With a focus on the “intersection of technology and medicine,” the event brings together companies showcasing clinically impactful digital health technologies with investors, pharma executives and professional advisors. Company presentations showcase the latest innovations in digital medicine technologies that impact the future of healthcare. #DigMedShow EBD Group × Hear the latest industry news first. Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow us No thanks Our Sites © 2017 Breaking Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Registration or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Shares307
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Men, No Viagra Needed If You Do This Once Daily - Fixes ED Home | Michael Shannon Tags: national endowment for the arts | government waste Artists Don't Need the NEA, So Defund It (Paul Hawthorne/Getty Images) By Michael Shannon Friday, 23 Dec 2016 12:41 PM More Posts by Michael Shannon Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    December is a great month for entertainment, unless you’re an atheist. There’s an almost unlimited menu of plays, concerts, exhibits, and lectures. Even jihadis look forward to Christmas because of the targeting opportunities. Yet the best part is all this activity takes place without being subsidized by a single dollar of taxpayer money. (Note: I’m not talking about Christmas counter-programming. For example, Santa as a cross-dressing lesbian who kills "Rudolph The Oppressor" and liberates the reindeer, thereby preventing the enslavement of millions of vulnerable children by a rapacious consumer society. Those are government grant productions, notable for their grim intensity, thin skin and lack of audience.) You might find this shocking, but prior to 1965 every "art" production managed to get by without a single federal taxpayer handout. Most of us don’t recall 1965 as being such a cultural wasteland that it required federal intervention for culture to continue. Movie audiences enjoyed "Doctor Zhivago" and "The Sound of Music." Theater attendees witnessed "Man of La Mancha" and "The Lion in Winter." And readers plowed through "Dune," "In Cold Blood," "Autobiography of Malcolm X," and "Midnight Cowboy." Local theater groups continued to gratify relatives and stupefy audiences without any assistance from Uncle Sam. Museums opened, exhibits appeared in galleries, and artists committed "art" without the assistance of Uncle Sam’s "arts" apparatchiks. All this came to a wheezing stop in ’65, when egghead holdovers from JFK’s administration prevailed upon an intellectually insecure LBJ to establish the National Endowment for the Arts. Since that time, Walmart shoppers have unknowingly been paying for exhibitions where, if they could find him, the goal would be kicking the artist’s behind rather than admiring his vile work. It gives me indigestion to think of the thousands of performances of "The Vagina Monologues" that have been funded by that miserable law. I’ll never forget my first encounter with taxpayer-funded "art" installations. I visited Houston with a girlfriend who worked in the "arts" community. I was raised a redneck, but wasn’t opposed to broadening my horizons. When she suggested we visit a nationally-known sculpture installation currently touring the nation, I agreed. I moseyed trying to appear sophisticated and worldly. There were two tables arranged in a ‘V’ shape so I moved closer only to discover, to my horror, that I was looking at the Baskin-Robbins of gynecology, in public, with women present. Playboy had only recently gone full frontal, yet here I was smack dab in the middle of two tables with 39 place settings — all serving vaginas constructed from vegetables! I couldn’t decide who should be more offended: vegans or women. Naturally, these garden groin depictions were funded by a federal grant. And the unappetizing spectacle I saw was only an infinitesimal recipient of taxpayer funding. From its inception in 1965 until 2015, the NEA made 140,000 grants totaling over $5 billion. That’s a lot of rutabagas. NEA works a lot like the Clinton Foundation. A gusher of money goes in but most of it stays inside paying for overhead and bureaucrats. And not just federal bureaucrats either. Millions goes to states and cities in the form of grants where it is spent on more "arts" infrastructure. In fact the art world is beginning to closely resemble US armed forces. For each lonely soldier in a foxhole — or for the purposes of the metaphor, artist wielding a Veg-O-Matic, there is a company of bureaucrats pushing paper. I don’t know if the final total reaching individual "artists" is as measly as the 6 percent the Clinton’s spend on charity, but it’s not a lot. And for that we should be grateful since many of the projects are borderline pornography as I wrote about here. Republican Sen. James Lankford of Oklahoma shows in his "Wastebook" that many grants are characterized by puerile output or simply waste. An award of $25,000 ostensibly went to the Academy Award’s museum. When one considers the Academy generated $101.5 million in revenue in 2013 and has assets of $231.5 million it becomes obvious what the tax money really bought was a lifetime of invitations to Academy parties for the NEA grant-makers in California. The same goes for state and local "arts" bureaucrats. Our tax dollars guarantee they never have to wait in line for tickets to shows, exhibits, or parties. As long as they have the power of our purse, these bureaucrats will be fixtures on the social scene. I’m tired of paying to fill the social calendars of a collection of pretentious leftists. It’s time for Congress to defund the NEA. Conservatives have waited long enough. If Kickstarter and GoFundMe are good enough for Jill Stein’s performance art, it’s good enough to fund the "arts." Michael R. Shannon is a commentator, researcher for the League of American Voters, and an award-winning political and advertising consultant with nationwide and international experience. He is author of "Conservative Christian’s Guidebook for Living in Secular Times (Now with added humor!)." Read more of Michael Shannon's reports — Go Here Now. More Posts by Michael Shannon Another Year, Another GOP Surrender in Congress 2016 'Spendy Award' Winner Announcement ISIS Targets Christians During Christmas More Newsmax Blogs: Michael Shannon: Another Year, Another GOP Surrender in Congress Chris Freind: The Biggest Losers for 2016 Charles Krauthammer: Revisionist Powers Strive to Expel American Influence © 2017 Newsmax. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share MichaelShannon You might find this shocking, but prior to 1965 every "art" production managed to get by without a single federal taxpayer handout. national endowment for the arts, government waste 833 Friday, 23 Dec 2016 12:41 PM 2016-41-23 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics 2016 Elections Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like Another Year, Another GOP Surrender in Congress Friday, 06 Jan 2017 16:42 PM Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., as majority leader is as weak as Gen. George McClellan was in the Civil War. Just like McCl . . . 2016 'Spendy Award' Winner Announcement Thursday, 29 Dec 2016 13:44 PM The Pentagon’s shipping and logistics department not only boasts more employees than UPS has working worldwide, the aver . . . ISIS Targets Christians During Christmas Sunday, 25 Dec 2016 02:12 AM As if Christian pastors weren't already busy enough this time of year, now there's a new addition to the To,Do list that . . . More Most Commented Obama Could Attempt Hail Mary to Put Garland on Supreme Court Monday, 02 Jan 2017 | 780 comments This should read ' Obama tries to circumvent the Constitution YET again'... Trump Still Not Sold on Russian Link to Hacking Sunday, 01 Jan 2017 | 600 comments Did the hacking affect the election, or was it the contents of the leaked... Hillary Clinton Urged to Run for New York Mayor Thursday, 05 Jan 2017 | 604 comments There needs to be a proper investigation of Hillary. The stench of... NY Times: Megyn Kelly Leaving Fox For NBC Tuesday, 03 Jan 2017 | 574 comments Trump is in, Kelley is out. I already love 2017!... Gabriel Sherman: Megyn Kelly Left Fox Over Trump, Ailes and O'Reilly Wednesday, 04 Jan 2017 | 518 comments The only thing important is that she's gone from Fox. She tried to sandbag... To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 06, 8:45 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Media & Culture What Stores Are Open On Christmas Eve And Day 2016? Full List Of Retailers For Last-Minute Holiday Shopping By Maria Vultaggio @mariamzzarella On 12/23/16 AT 3:00 PM Close Procrastinators have a few more days to cram in last minute shopping before retailers close their doors for Christmas Sunday. While most stores close down on Christmas Day, there are some drug stores that remain open for people who are in a rut. Continue reading to find out the full list of places that operate during the December holidays: The following is a list of stores that are open Saturday, Christmas Eve. Clothing: American Eagle: Christmas Eve hours vary, with some operating from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Banana Republic: The store will open from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Express:  Hours of operation depend on each store. Most are open from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. Forever 21: The retailer will operate from 9 a.m. to 10 p.m. Gap:  Hours vary, with most opening from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. Guess: The store will be open from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. H&M: The store will be open from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. New York & Co.:  Most stores will be open 10 a.m. to 9:30 p.m. Nike Store: Most will be open from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. PacSun: Most stores will be open from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. Victoria's Secret:  Most stores will close at 6 p.m. Electronics: Related Stories Christmas Comes Early For Hispanics Fun Facts About Mariah Carey's 'All I Want For Christmas Is You' Apple:  8 a.m. to 6 or 7 p.m. for most stores Best Buy:  Most stores will operate from 7 a.m. to 7 or 8 p.m. Department Stores: Bloomingdales: Popular hours for this store to be open is from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. J.C. Penney:  The retailer extended their hours from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. Kmart:  Some stores will stay open as late as 2 a.m. Kohl’s:   After being open for 24 hours, stores will close at 6 p.m. Macy’s:  Individual store hours vary greatly, but many stores are closing at 6 p.m. Nordstrom:  Open 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saks Fifth Avenue: Target:  Most places will be open 7 a.m. to 11 p.m. on Christmas Eve. Walmart:  To the shock of many, Walmart scaled back their Christmas Eve hours and is closing at 6 p.m. instead of 8 p.m. Other: Bed Bath & Beyond:  Most stores will operate from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. BJ’s Wholesale Club:  Stores will be open 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Costco Wholesale:  Saturday hours are 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Ikea:  Stores close early Saturday, opening from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Lowe’s:  Stores will be open 6 a.m. to 10 p.m.  Marshalls:  Most stores will be open 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. Home Depot:  Most stores are open from 6 a.m to 5 p.m. Toys R Us:  After being open for 24 hours, most locations will be open until 9 p.m. All of the places listed above do not have operation hours on Christmas Day. However, the stores listed below will be. To avoid any annoyance, make sure to check with individual locations to insure they are open on Christmas. 7-Eleven : Thank heaven for 7/11, most stores will continue to be 24/7 operations on Christmas Day. CVS:  While not every CVS is 24/7, the ones that are will likely remain that way for Christmas Day. Rite Aid:  Most locations will operate from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. Walgreens:  Most stores will be operate 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. Follow me on Twitter @mariamzzarella Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Business Donald Trump Attacks Toyota On Twitter The president-elect has previously targeted other automakers, including General Motors in a recent tweet, and Ford Motor on the campaign trail. Technology NVIDIA, Mercedes-Benz Will Make An AI-Powered Car The two companies announced the partnership at CES this week. World War Over Water? In Central Asia, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and China Battle Over Dry Land Seasonal snow melt generally feeds into area rivers, providing water to communities in Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and the Xinjiang region in China. National Esteben Santiago Isn't The First Ex-Serviceman To Turn Weapons On Civilians Reports indicate he served in both the Alaska and Puerto Rico National Guard. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Subscribe to Bureau County Republican 3°FFairFull Forecast News News Home Local Business/Agriculture Meetings/Minutes Obituaries Records Corrections Sports Sports Home Local Columnists Today's Ticket Scoreboard Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Opinion Opinion Home Columnists Letters From the Editor's Desk Lifestyle Lifestyle Home More Lifestyle Education Entertainment Religion Celebrations Records/Obituaries Obituaries Police/Fire Courts Births Property Transfers Public Notices Share   Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Birthday Announcements Campus Report Engagement Announcement Letters to the Editor Place a Classified Ad Press Releases Subscribe to the Bureau County Republican Temporary Subscription Stop Wedding Announcement More About Us Advertise Deals Business Showcase Contact Us Contests Coupons eEdition Follow Us Get Newsletter Lottery Newspapers in Education Photo Store Place a Classified Ad Printing Privacy Policy Reader's Choice Submit News Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest BCR Alerts Weather Username: Password:   Forgot Password?|Register News Sports Pro Football Weekly Opinion Video Lifestyle Records/Obituaries Cars815 Photo Store Public Notices eEdition Share More Jobs Wheels Classified Hall adopts tax levy EAV increases to more than $117 million; tax rate expected to drop slightly Published: Friday, Dec. 23, 2016 2:03 p.m. CST • Updated: Friday, Dec. 23, 2016 2:23 p.m. CST By Becky Kramer - news@bcrnews.com SPRING VALLEY — During Wednesday night’s meeting, the Hall High School Board adopted its 2016 tax levy which is expected to lower the tax rate from $4.57 to $4.54. Hall Superintendent Mike Struna has been told to expect a 1.5 percent increase in the equalized assessed valuation (EAV) from last year, which will make the total EAV $117,260,333. Struna was quite pleased with the increase, which he said hopefully shows an upswing in the local economy. The EAV has continually been dropping since hitting the high point in 2011 when Walmart Distribution Center was included in the EAV. Also at the board meeting, Hall Principal Jesse Brandt updated the board on four, new long-term school improvement goals. The school improvement team consists of Brandt and four Hall High School teachers. This team meets weekly. • The first goal is to provide a safe and supportive learning environment for students. The team will create a survey based on the state’s 5Essentials Survey and other surveys. The staff will give the surveys to students. The team will use the 5Essential Survey data from parents to make decisions as well. • The second goal is to develop a responsible student population. The team will track missing assignment data, tardies, dropout data and record the number of students getting privileges. Students will also watch the Renaissance videos and presentations that teach responsibility. • The third goal is for students to graduate with college and career readiness skills. The team will measure this goal by looking at SAT test scores and will track the number of students taking IVCC classes. Teachers will use a table created by the team to track English/language arts and reading standards taught in their classes. Students will use an online program called Khan Academy to review SAT items they did not do well on. • The fourth goal is to increase the graduation rate to at least 80 percent for this year. The percentage will change yearly. The team will continue to monitor at risk students through Response to Intervention. Students will be able to utilize APEX learning to make up credits and get back on track for graduation.   Brandt expressed his desire to have an alternative education program for Hall students that are not on track for graduation and other at-risk students. Struna explained the district currently is spending $60,000 to send three students to alternative school, plus transportation. He explained for that amount of money, a teacher could be hired to teach the alternative program right at Hall High school. The team would also like to get rid of the Zeros Policy for unexcused absences. Currently students can not receive credit for work missed after seven unexcused absences. Students with an unexcused absence will be disciplined according to the handbook, however, the seven absence rule will be eliminated. “I am proud of what Brandt is doing with school improvement. It’s not just a binder on a shelf but a working plan,” Struna said. In other business: • The board opened the meeting with a moment of silence for Lou Zecca who was a long time Red Devil teacher, coach and board of education member. • The board approved the 2016-17 calendar. Brandt explained the calendar is aligned with JFK for major breaks due to the sharing of bus services. Struna said Ladd will also match their breaks closely, so that families with children at Hall also will have the same vacations. • The board approved a technology and social media use policy which provides guidelines for usage for both students and staff. • The board approved an ethics and conduct policy for staff and board members. • A new dental plan through Blue Cross Blue Shield was adopted. Struna explained with BCBS premiums are lower, and coverages are better. It will be a savings to both the district and employees with families. • The board hired Linda Hoover as full-time family consumer science teacher for the FIscal Year 2018 school year. The resignation of Silas Kleinau as special education teacher aide was accepted. The next meeting will be at 6 p.m. Wednesday, Jan. 18, at Hall High School. Comment on this story at www.bcrnews.com. Previous Page|1|2|Next Page More News Resolving to be physically fit in 2017?Jan. 6, 2017 - 4:04 pm Better Business Bureau reports Top 10 scams of 2016Jan. 6, 2017 - 3:50 pm Peru man arrested on drug felonyJan. 6, 2017 - 3:45 pm Since 2000, Illinois has lost 1.2 million residents to other states. Why do you think that is?Jan. 6, 2017 - 3:46 pm Highest gas prices in three years forecast for 2017Jan. 6, 2017 - 3:02 pm Seeing doubleJan. 6, 2017 - 3:02 pm Comments Local Business Guide Featured Businesses Loading... Business Name address Location, ST | website.com Nightlife/Bars & Restaurants Beauty Salons Entertainment in Princeton Doctors & Medical Specialists Contractors & Construction Education in Princeton Lawn Services Lawyers in Princeton Shopping in Princeton Travel to Princeton Tanning in Princeton Used Cars in Princeton Wedding Services ▼ Search for a business Add your business here + About Us | Contact Us | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs Local Business Showcase | Today's Ads Customer Service: (815) 875-4461 Copyright © 2017 Bureau County Republican. All rights reserved. Published in Princeton, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
Close Welcome! Log In|Sign up |Log In|Subscribe Log Out|Manage Your Account Manage Subscriptions E-Edition January 6, 2017 Place an Ad Subscribe Subscriber Services eEdition Advertise With Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard SC's Sellers giving away toys to hometown children in need - Dothan Eagle: State Advanced Search Dothan 40° Dothan Eagle Home Contests Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports Alabama Auburn High School Local Recreation Troy Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Houston County Voter Purge List Pets Place a Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Home News Ap SC's Sellers giving away toys to hometown children in need Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next J. Scott Applewhite SC's Sellers giving away toys to hometown children in need FILE - Int his July 28, 2016, file photo, former state Rep. Bakari Sellers, D-SC., speaks during the final day of the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia. Sellers planned to play Santa Claus in his hometown of Denmark on Friday, Dec. 23, 2016, giving away thousands of dollars in toys, books and bikes to kids in need and using social media to help do it(AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite, File) Posted: Friday, December 23, 2016 1:52 pm | Updated: 2:15 pm, Fri Dec 23, 2016. SC's Sellers giving away toys to hometown children in need Associated Press | COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) — Former South Carolina lawmaker Bakari Sellers wears many hats. This Christmas, he's adding a red one with fuzzy white trim. On Friday, Sellers planned to play Santa Claus in his hometown of Denmark, giving away thousands of dollars in toys, books and bikes to kids in need and using social media to help do it. Sellers, who served four terms in South Carolina's House and was the Democratic lieutenant governor nominee in 2014, told The Associated Press he drove his pickup truck to Walmart earlier this week and loaded it up with enough bikes, books and toys for about 150 kids. Broadcasting his shopping trip via Facebook live, Sellers also posted a photo of the goods to his more than 70,000 Twitter followers with a sentence on the time and place for the giveaway. "When you're in a position to give back, you should," Sellers, 32, told the AP while on his way to set up the giveaway. "I'm just going to give, because that's what the season is all about." Sellers, now an attorney in private practice and CNN political commentator, said he wants to use his public position to help others. His hometown of Denmark is in Bamberg County, where unemployment figures are among the highest in South Carolina. "I'm on TV a lot, and I've had a lot of blessings," Sellers told the AP. "My only fear is that I don't have enough," Sellers said, of the toys he planned to give away. "I'm not getting any tax benefit from it. I'm not giving it to any organization. I'm not registering any voters or asking for a vote. It's just going to be fun." ___ Kinnard can be reached at http://twitter.com/MegKinnardAP . Read more of her work at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/meg-kinnard/ © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about General News Family: Shooting suspect 'lost his mind' after tour in Iraq Family: Shooting suspect 'lost his mind' after tour in Iraq ARTICLE: Family: Shooting suspect 'lost his mind' after tour in Iraq ARTICLE: Zfpabr Family: Shooting suspect 'lost his mind' after tour in Iraq More about State Legislature ARTICLE: Nixon sets election date to fill vacant Missouri House seat ARTICLE: House panel OKs bill replacing UofL board of trustees ARTICLE: NC governor formally begins Medicaid expansion pursuit GOP legislative leaders warn of costs of wage boost GOP legislative leaders warn of costs of wage boost More about Government And Politics ARTICLE: Nixon sets election date to fill vacant Missouri House seat ARTICLE: US ambassador meets goal _ visiting 189 UN missions US designates election infrastructure as 'critical' ARTICLE: US designates election infrastructure as 'critical' UN chief sees 'historic opportunity' for Cyprus breakthrough Discuss Print Posted in Ap on Friday, December 23, 2016 1:52 pm. Updated: 2:15 pm. | Tags: General News, State Legislature, Government And Politics, Toys, Legislature, State Governments, Recreation And Leisure, Lifestyle, Outdoor Recreation | Location Tags: South Carolina, United States, North America Similar Stories US veteran arrested in airport shooting; 5 dead, 8 wounded FBI releases documents related to San Bernardino iPhone The Latest at CES: The challenges of robotic delivery The Latest: Official: Gunman said gov't controlled his mind Man indicted on murder charges in Manassas house fire Most Read Names of four killed by tornado in Rehobeth released Names of four killed by tornado in Rehobeth released Names of four killed by tornado in Rehobeth released Rehobeth tornado victims took refuge in bathroom when storm struck Tornado confirmed in Rehobeth Videos Editor's Picks Names of four killed by tornado in Rehobeth released Four people were killed by a storm that tore through southern Houston County Monday night. Weekend rain causes road damage, closings in Wiregrass The rain Saturday and Sunday put a dent in the drought affecting most of the Deep South but caused problems for low-lying areas a… Tight-knit Crimson Tide heads back to national championship game A broken leg prevented Eddie Jackson from playing, but he was doing plenty of celebrating with his teammates after Alabama defeat… Top Wiregrass stories of 2016 While the presidential election dominated headlines throughout much of 2016, other local stories received significant attention i… Eagle Eye Outfitters branches into online sales, sees quick success When Eagle Eye Outfitters started its first ecommerce website just before November, owner Susan Anderson was told it would take h… In Case You Missed It < KEN ROGERS COLUMN: Visit to Dothan by Arnold Palmer in 1987 remembered Every fan of golf probably has an Arnold Palmer story to share. article local Wiregrass Transit Authority carrying out its mission The findings in the fixed route transit feasibility study completed in 2010 came as no surprise to John Sorrell. article local Wiregrass accounts for $133.7 million in new and expanding projects in 2015 Jim Stuckey said he and his business partner, Chuck Harris, started Wholesale Wood Products in 1979 with a part-time secretary, one truck driver and a article business Four Dothan teams win ARPA state soccer titles Minutes after Dothan won the 15U division of the Alabama Recreation and Parks Association state soccer tournament on Sunday at the Westgate Complex, h article recreation Folklore Brewing creates beer series in military’s honor U.S. Army veteran Brian Brenner said he and his wife, who also serves in the military, stumbled across Folklore Brewing & Meadery during a rec article business > Sections Home News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Videos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Site Index Add Search Toolbar Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact us dothaneagle.com dothaneagle.com Phone number: 334-792-3141 E-mail: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Address: 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Search Search in: All Eufaula Tribune Enterprise Ledger Dothan Eagle Army Flier Photos Video Dothan Eagle, Dothan, AL © 2017 BH Media Group, Inc. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use] Haven’t signed up for All Access yet? Get started here… Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now. Need more information about All Access? Get all of the details here. If you are a current subscriber and haven’t signed up for All Access yet, get started here.
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Christmas December 23, 2016 3:35 pm Updated: December 23, 2016 9:59 pm Busiest shopping day of the year in Canada By Paula Baker Online News Producer  Global News WATCH: The weather has also had an effect on what was already going to be the busiest shopping day of the year. Catherine Urquhart tells us how the snow we've already had is making the stores even busier. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen The holiday season crunch is upon us and whether you still need to buy a few gifts, get a few more groceries or head to the liquor store, shoppers will need to bring their patience today. The hustle is on to find the perfect gift and according to statistics, one in three Canadians will brave the stores today; which makes Dec. 23 the busiest shopping day of the year. Story continues below At Walmart in Port Coquitlam, the store has been preparing for this day for the past few weeks by stocking merchandise and food. Phil Sayers, Coquitlam Walmart manager, said the store revenue will be up over a normal period of time by 40 to 45 per cent this time of year. Not surprising considering a recent Interac survey said more than $217 million will be spent on groceries. “Year over year we see that Canadians typically spend the most on December 23rd,” Teri Murphy, Inerac Communications Director said. “Canadians flock to the stores, mostly grocery stores, followed by discount retailers and then retailers selling beer, wine and liquor.” The day is a big one for retailers since Canadians spent $1 billion shopping dollars last year. Report an error Christmas Last Minute Shopping Editor's Picks Health Here’s how quickly the world became obese in one eye-popping map Canada Canadian man killed while fighting ISIS in Syria Canada Why Donald Trump could be the Canadian marijuana industry's secret weapon Canada Gas prices are rising: Here's how it will make living in Canada more expensive Canada Fake news this week: The Queen isn't dead, and Donald Trump didn't threaten war with Mexico Canada Majority of Canadians say ties to monarchy should be cut when Queen dies: poll Crime Don't legalize pot before figuring out how to deal with stoned drivers: poll FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now WATCH: Squirrels stealing chocolate bars from east-end Toronto store 90188 5 dead, 8 injured in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting in Florida 76545 Sisters kicked off plane, miss saying goodbye to dying father 64175 Toronto house sells for more than $1M over asking amid record year for home sales 43458 CIA identifies Russian officials who fed DNC emails to WikiLeaks 31901 Sponsored content Popular Videos Man climbs Colorado ski lift to rescue unconscious friend dangling by neck WATCH NOW Video shows Fort Lauderdale authorities rush airport parking garage WATCH NOW Local animal shelter’s humorous ad goes viral WATCH NOW Police unsure if Ft. Lauderdale airport shooting was targeted WATCH NOW Emotional witness recounts horror of gunman opening fire at Ft. Lauderdale airport WATCH NOW Popular Now WATCH: Squirrels stealing chocolate bars from east-end Toronto store 90188 5 dead, 8 injured in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting in Florida 76545 Sisters kicked off plane, miss saying goodbye to dying father 64175 Toronto house sells for more than $1M over asking amid record year for home sales 43458 CIA identifies Russian officials who fed DNC emails to WikiLeaks 31901 Sponsored content Popular Videos Man climbs Colorado ski lift to rescue unconscious friend dangling by neck WATCH NOW Video shows Fort Lauderdale authorities rush airport parking garage WATCH NOW Local animal shelter’s humorous ad goes viral WATCH NOW Police unsure if Ft. Lauderdale airport shooting was targeted WATCH NOW Emotional witness recounts horror of gunman opening fire at Ft. Lauderdale airport WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.

News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Rentals Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business December 23, 2016 4:24 PM Still need to buy gifts? Here are some last-minute options By JOSEPH PISANI, AP Business Writer LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Holiday shopping procrastinators can breathe easy. While online shipping deadlines have passed, many retailers are offering other ways to get gifts at the last minute, whether it’s staying open through the wee hours of the night like Toys R Us, or offering Christmas Eve store pickup like Wal-Mart. Here are some options for those still scrambling to buy presents: MIDNIGHT RUNS: Many stores are extending their hours in the days leading up to Christmas. Toys R Us will stay open now through 9 p.m. on Christmas Eve, while department store Kohl’s will stay open until Christmas Eve. Target will stay open until at least 10 p.m. on Christmas Eve. SHOP THE UNEXPECTED: If you can’t make it to the mall, a quick stop at a drug or specialty store might work. CVS, Walgreens and Rite Aid are increasingly stocking their shelves with more toys for the little ones. And those three drugstores also have a big selection of plastic gift cards for use at other stores, such as video game retailer GameStop or bookseller Barnes & Noble. Meanwhile, office supplies store Staples sells flying drones and adult coloring books. And Dick’s Sporting Goods has Apple Watches, headphones and GoPro cameras. STORE PICKUP: If you want to avoid searching for items in the store, you’re in luck. Many retailers let you buy items online and pick them up at a store the same day. Macy’s, Target and Best Buy are just some of the stores that offer store pickup. At Sears.com, those who opt for store pickup between now and Christmas Eve can get 20 percent off clothing, jewelry and home goods if they type in a special promo code. SEND AN E-GIFT: The websites of some major stores are offering a way to give an instant gift, called an e-gift. It’s similar to a gift card, but is supposed to be a little more personal: You choose the item you want to buy – say sneakers or a sweater – click the “E-Gift” or “GiftNow” button, pay, and then the recipient gets an email telling them you bought them a gift. The gift receiver accepts it and can make adjustments, such as changing the color or size, before it ships. Or they can just get something else entirely from the store. The service carries no extra charges to the gift giver or receiver, and is available on several websites, including Saks Fifth Avenue, Nordstrom and Ralph Lauren. SAME-DAY DELIVERY: If you’re an Amazon.com Prime member paying the annual fee, the online retailer is lets shoppers in Miami, New York and other cities order toys, electronics and other gifts as late as 9:45 p.m. on Christmas Eve for delivery in two hours, meaning you'll get it before midnight. OR JUST WAIT: Procrastination may work in your favor if you end up not seeing a person you’re shopping for until after Christmas. That’s when after-holiday sales kick in, says Sara Skirboll, a shopping and trends expert at shopping deal app RetailMeNot. If the timing works, you'll likely pay less for a gift than you would if you had bought it before the holidays, says Skirboll. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:27 Video shows chaotic scene at baggage claim at FLL (Graphic Content) Pause 1:55 Former Haiti coup leader Guy Philippe boards plane to Miami escorted by U.S. federal agents 2:06 Surveillance video shows cracker and cookie heist 0:16 Video at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (Graphic Content) 0:33 SUV crashes through restaurant, nearly hits diners 0:38 Passengers gather on the tarmac at FLL following airport shooting 0:47 Biscayne Green: A temporary public space intervention in Miami 0:16 Passengers on the tarmac at FLL airport 5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide 1:04 Cuban military chant anti-Obama slogans Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 days ago Carnival Corp. unveils new 'smart ship' technology 0:54 3 days ago Carnival Corp. unveils new 'smart ship' technology 5:13 a month ago Mark Cuban: AT&T, Time Warner merger needed for competition with major tech companies 2:15 2 months ago Behind the scenes look at the world's largest cruise ship View more video Business Like Fort Lauderdale shooter, could terrorists target airport baggage claims or check-in counters? Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood, a busy airport in a banner year, has a history of gun seizures Venezuelan family’s takeover bid of troubled Miami bank may be on the rocks This year, resolve to take a closer look at your retirement account For investors, 2017 brings new risks, potential rewards Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings 11° F Few Clouds Hi: 20° F Lo: 13° F Today’s Forecast Radar 7-Day 5 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Latest Headlines BMI removes Kim Burrell from gospel trailblazers event Updated: 36 mins ago NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — The performing rights organization BMI is the latest group to distance itself from gospel singer Kim Burrell after v… UN chief sees ‘historic opportunity’ for Cyprus breakthrough Updated: 6 mins ago UNITED NATIONS (AP) — Secretary-General Antonio Guterres believes there is “a historic opportunity” for a breakthrough in upcoming negotiati… US ambassador meets goal _ visiting 189 UN missions Updated: 6 mins ago FBI releases documents related to San Bernardino iPhone Updated: 56 mins ago 911 recordings: Man found dead in Maryland woods was naked 8:18 pm Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada Current Conditions 11° F Few Clouds Feels Like: -1° F Wind: W 8 Humidity: 56% Dewpoint: -2° F Sunrise: 7:45 AM Sunset: 4:56 PM Buffalo Weather Forecast 7-Day Currently Buffalo Radar Sponsored by: News 4 Investigates News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Latest Headlines Agents in the air help protect the border November 15, 2016 Special Report Look up the next you visit one of Western New York’s landmarks, and there’s a chance you’ll see federal agents in the air. U.S. Customs and … Love Canal lawsuits continue 40 years later October 31, 2016 The fight over one of America’s worst hazardous waste sites may be far from over. Nearly forty years after tons of toxic waste poisoned part… WNY Family fighting for domestic violence registry October 5, 2016 EPA plans next phase of creek clean-up September 7, 2016 State audit critical of nursing home enforcement procedures August 10, 2016 Sports Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Latest Headlines Akron wins 25th straight at home, 66-59 over W. Michigan Updated: 2 mins ago AKRON, Ohio (AP) — Isaiah Johnson had 16 points and 13 rebounds Friday night and Akron used a strong finish to beat Western Michigan 66-59. … Local athlete played on national junior hockey team 5:49 pm The tournament concluded on Thursday. UMaine women’s hoops coach takes indefinite medical leave Updated: 2 mins ago No. 6 Kentucky encouraged by defensive results Updated: 13 mins ago Pinson set to return for No. 14 UNC against rival NC State Updated: 2 mins ago Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings Search for: Search the site 11° F Few Clouds Hi: 20° F Lo: 13° F Holiday splurging not an option for many workers scraping by ANNE D'INNOCENZIO, The Associated Press Published: December 23, 2016, 12:06 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) ELIZABETH, N.J. (AP) — At the brightly lit mall, clothing stores highlight holiday sweaters and big signs tout the sales, while Duquan Allen keeps his expectations in check. Allen, who works full-time cleaning planes at Newark Airport, says his mother doesn’t expect anything big, and he usually gets a hooded sweatshirt. He plans to spend about $150 on presents for his grandmother, mother and 21-year-old sister. “I’m good at budgeting,” says Allen, who makes $10.10 an hour. Heading into this holiday season, with gas and food costs down, unemployment at its lowest point since 2007 and clothing prices on the decline, economists and retail executives declared it a great time to be a consumer. But seven years into the recovery, there’s a stubborn divide that hourly workers see more starkly during the holidays, between themselves and better-off consumers who have benefited more as the economy improved. “I see people traveling. I wish I could afford it,” said Allen. Many workers are indeed earning more. Average hourly earnings have picked up 2.5 percent over the past year, and major retailers have raised wages as competition for workers has increased. Thanksgiving weekend featured crowds of shoppers at stores and malls, snapping up new TVs and clothing. Luxury stores have promoted “feel-good” gifts like $1,000 silk pajamas. Americans spent $3.45 billion online on Cyber Monday, according to Adobe Digital Insights, and nearly that much on Black Friday, the day after Thanksgiving. The National Retail Federation trade group expects holiday sales for the November and December period to rise 3.6 percent to $655.8 billion. From the data, people seem very able to buy. Overall, people plan to spend about $935 per person this holiday season, according to an NRF survey. Behind that figure, though, there’s a split. Consumers with income under $50,000 plan to spend a little over $362 on gifts for their family and friends, while for those with income of $50,000 and higher, that number is about $768. Throwing in decorations, greeting cards, flowers and food, the difference is even larger — around $512, compared to about $1,020. That divide also hasn’t budged since the recession. “The U.S. economy is not creating high-wage jobs for lower- and middle-income consumers,” said Ken Perkins, president of research firm Retail Metrics LLC. “This is making it extremely difficult for lower-income consumers to make a living. There’s really not a lot left for Santa Claus.” About half of American workers have seen their share of overall income growth shrink since 1980, according to a recent study by economists Thomas Piketty, Emmanuel Saez and Gabriel Zucman. In 1980, the top 1 percent of adults earned on average 27 times more than the bottom 50 percent adults; now, they earn 81 times more. Workers at Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the nation’s largest private employer, now earn an average of $13.38 an hour, while the average hourly pay for cashiers and low-level retail sales staff across the industry is $9.26, according to a Hay Group survey. But some groups say hourly employees across the board still don’t make enough to live on. Their fight will face hurdles with President-elect Donald Trump’s pick for labor secretary: fast-food CEO Andrew Puzder, who has been critical of minimum wage increases. “It’s a scary-looking administration,” said Scott Courtney, executive vice president of the Service Employees International Union. But he said the “Fight for $15” campaign that began with retail and restaurant workers is not giving up. “You are going to see a lot more opposition and a lot more people taking part.” Besides the hourly wage, some workers say an issue is they can’t get enough hours. The share of people working part-time because that’s all they can get remains at recessionary low levels, according to research by Penn State professor and the University of Illinois’ Project for Middle Class Renewal senior research analyst Lonnie Golden, published by the Economic Policy Institute. That level is nearly 45 percent higher than it was in 2008, fueled by a few industries like the retail sector. Maria Coates, 20, of Elizabeth, New Jersey, works about 35 hours a week at a mall-based clothing store, but would like more hours to make more money. “I wish I could shop for my mother, my grandmother and my sister,” said Coates, who plans to spend $50 for the whole family. More than that, she’d like to be able to afford to study accounting. “What I really want is to go to school so I can get a better job.” After rent and rising health care costs, some workers find there’s not much left. Allen says of the $1,260 per month he takes home, more than half goes toward rent. After food, Wi-Fi, phone and utilities, he has about $310 per month for any other needs. He doesn’t have health insurance and recently paid $100 to fix an abscessed tooth — the equivalent of about ten hours of work. “The real story for the economic pinch seems to be the rise in health insurance costs,” said economist Michael P. Niemira, who examined 2015 data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics and focused on the second-lowest income strata, which had an average pretax income of $28,343 — about $13.63 an hour for full-time work. Niemira, principal at The Retail Economist LLC, says health insurance costs as a share of pretax wages for that group were 15 percent in 2015, up from 8 percent in 2005. Other needs like rent are a bigger burden as well. For those in the income group Niemira examined, rent accounts for nearly 12 percent of pretax income, compared to less than 7 percent for all consumers, and just 2.7 percent for those in the highest 20 percent of income. In metropolitan areas like New York, it can be much, much higher. Mojisola Arogundade, who like Allen works at Newark for contractor PrimeFlight, says she saved about $250 since July to spend on presents for her six grandchildren. She’s hoping to buy them clothes, but usually goes to thrift shops or local stores in Elizabeth, New Jersey, where she lives. “For a nightgown, I can get $2.99,” says Arogundade. She rarely finds what she can afford at the mall: “I just come here for sightseeing.” ____ Follow Anne D’Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WIVB.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Note: Comments containing links are not allowed. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Latest Stories Trending Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIVB News 4 Buffalo, NY © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather Investigative Sports Report It Watch News 4 Live Station Contact Us Send a Birthday Photo Advertise Careers Internship Application Broadcast Scholarship Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Report More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Calendar Contests Community Staff Bios Our Partners CW23 WNLO Media General CBS CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Sports on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in 0 Mail Sports Home Fantasy NFL NCAAF MLB NBA THE VERTICAL MMA NHL Soccer NCAAB Shop NASCAR Esports Golf Tennis Rivals Boxing Cycling WNBA Horse Racing NCAAW Help NHL Home Scores/Schedule Watch Live Game of the Day Fantasy Hockey Standings Stats Teams Players Video Puck Daddy Odds Shop NFL on Yahoo Sports Green Bay Packers may not sell out their wild-card game vs. the New York Giants Matthews returns to Arizona; Shero rips Devils; Jagr on his future (Puck Headlines) Jen Neale Puck DaddyDecember 23, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Here are your Puck Headlines: A glorious collection of news and views collected from the greatest blogosphere in sports and the few, the proud, the mainstream hockey media. Have a link you want to submit? Email us at puckdaddyblog@yahoo.com. View photos 630320864More • Happy Festivus to you and yours from your friends at Puck Daddy! • Auston Matthews returns to Arizona tonight as member of the Toronto Maple Leafs marking a huge milestone in the growth of hockey in the desert. [AZ Sports] • A look at the rink behind a Walmart in Arizona where Matthews developed. [Sportsnet] • The New Jersey Devils react to GM Ray Shero’s forceful comments that the team needs to “play [expletive] harder” and his backing of coach John Hynes. [Fire & Ice] • Jaromir Jagr talks about his career thus far, what keeps him going and if the end is in sight. [TSN] • Bruce Boudreau says Jared Spurgeon is proving him “100 percent wrong.” [Star Tribune] • The Ottawa Senators revamped defensive structure have made the team a force to be reckoned with. [National Post] • Q&A with Nashville Predators center Ryan Johansen. [THW] • With Patrick Roy gone, Joe Sakic and the rest of the Colorado Avalanche executives should be the next out the door. [Denver Post] • Chronicling women’s hockey superstar Amanda Kessel’s long road back to the national team after a concussion took her off the ice. [FanRag Sports] • John Tortorella has turned around the Columbus Blue Jackets. Is it business as usual or defying expectations? [The Cannon] • Jiri Hudler and Radek Faksa weigh in on countryman Jaromir Jagr’s record setting career. [The Hockey Writers] • Breaking down the race for the Calder Trophy. [Vice Sports] • Looking back at all the times the Boston Bruins DIDN’T fire Claude Julien. [WEEI] • Evaluating the market for oft-rumored trade bait James van Riemsdyk. [The Bloggers’ Tribune] • To beat the Arizona Coyotes, the Edmonton Oilers relied on depth in their lineup; something they haven’t done in a while. [Oilers Nation] • Might the Coyotes rebuild be behind schedule? [FanRag Sports] • The Knoxville Ice Bears played the Sled Bears in an exhibition game and got smoked. The event was to raise awareness for sled hockey. [WBIR] • Fantasy hockey: Get Rickard Rakell on your team ASAP. [Dobber] [Join a Yahoo Daily Fantasy Hockey contest now] • Happy holidays from the 1992 Los Angeles Kings. [Puck Junk] • Finally, take a trip down memory lane with some of the NHL’s best – past and present – reading lines from ‘Twas the Night Before Christmas. [Robert Söderlind] – – – – – – – Jen Neale is an editor for Puck Daddy on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email her at puckdaddyblog@yahoo.com or follow her on Twitter! Follow @MsJenNeale_PD. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Capitals' Evgeny Kuznetsov fined $2,000 for diving (Video) Puck Daddy Victoria Osteen Hit With Lawsuit BoosttopiaSponsored NHL rookie race: Sizing up the Calder Trophy chase at the midway point of the season Puck Daddy NHL: Capitals end Blue Jackets' streak, Wild win Omnisport Goalie nods: Battle of the backups in L.A., as Coreau faces Zatkoff ProHockeyTalk She Didn't Realize It And The Crowd Went Crazy AllRookieSponsored Shea Weber takes out Brendan Gallagher for two months with shot Puck Daddy Matt Ryan voted quarterback on Associated Press All-Pro team, edging Tom Brady Shutdown Corner SportsFlash - P.J. Fleck accepts head-coaching position at Minnesota Yahoo Sports Videos 17 WNBA Players That Will Blow Your Mind On And O AllRookieSponsored Packers may not sell out playoff game vs. Giants Shutdown Corner Photos: RIP Milt Schmidt, Boston Bruins legend, 1918-2017 Puck Daddy Chris Brown and Soulja Boy Will Box It Out to Settle Social Media Beef Yahoo Celebrity McKayla Maroney Is Completely Unrecognizable Today College FreakzSponsored Two-Man Game: The Young Bucks Yahoo Sports Videos Steve Smith retires from the NFL in the most Steve Smith way possible Shutdown Corner Vice President Biden on President-Elect Trump’s Tweets: ‘Grow Up, Donald’ Lou: Using tweets to circumvent the corrupt main stream news media is technologically advanced. Biden is still using crayons to communicate. Get the hell out of office you Obama puppet. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 288 Yahoo Sports - NBC Sports Network, Stats LLC, Opta. All Rights Reserved Help Suggestions Privacy About our Ads Terms
null
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out North LIVE Yellowknife More Streams CBC Radio One Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada North Wrapping paper famine hits Yellowknife just before Christmas Only a few rolls of camouflage gift wrap were left on shelves by mid-day Friday By Mark Rendell, CBC News Posted: Dec 23, 2016 4:55 PM CT Last Updated: Dec 23, 2016 4:55 PM CT Most stores in Yellowknife had sold out of wrapping paper by Friday morning. Canadian Tire still had a few rolls of camouflage gift wrap left around mid-day. (Randall McKenzie/CBC) Related Stories CBC North's holiday reading list: 7 Northern books, recommended by a Yellowknife bookseller Yellowknife's iconic Robertson headframe lives on as a Christmas ornament Iqaluit Christmas games get underway Thursday It was camouflage or nothing this morning, as tardy Yellowknife Christmas shoppers went hunting for gift wrap in the midst of a wrapping paper famine.   "They have lots of the bags, decorative bags, holiday bags and stuff, but kids want to rip something open on Christmas, they don't want to open a bag," said a Canadian Tire shopper named Matthew, who was carrying a rare box of gift wrap costing a whopping $8.93.   "So I'm getting them wrapping paper, the only stuff in town: camouflage. Hopefully they can see it under the tree," he added with a chuckle. Walmart, Trevor's Independent, even the Loony Gallery dollar store in the Centre Square Mall — all of Yellowknife's usual Christmas depots were out of wrapping paper by Friday.   "We have not sold out of paper before, this year, however, on Wednesday evening it was all gone," said Joanne Davies, the front of store manager at Shoppers Drug Mart. "We still had customers coming to the store, looking and hoping and calling and hoping, but apparently the other stores had run out before us. Yes it was quite a situation." All the cheaper gift wrap paper flew off the shelves days ago. (Randall McKenzie) "I was very much surprised because we receive all of our gift wrap accessories at the beginning of the season, and usually we have a fair amount left over for Boxing Day, but this year no," she added. There was a titillating rumour that wholesaler Northern Food Services was carrying rolls of the sparse commodity. But company controller Randy Hilworth confirmed they'd sold their last foot of wrapping paper Thursday night. His own staff went on the hunt.  But, "any place we sent anyone, they came back with a no," said Hilworth. At this point, the sage advice may be to start digging through your drawers and cupboards for leftover scraps from last year. Either that, or start hoping for a Christmas wrap miracle. files from Randall McKenzie Report Typo or Error Send Feedback To encourage thoughtful and respectful conversations, first and last names will appear with each submission to CBC/Radio-Canada's online communities (except in children and youth-oriented communities). Pseudonyms will no longer be permitted. By submitting a comment, you accept that CBC has the right to reproduce and publish that comment in whole or in part, in any manner CBC chooses. Please note that CBC does not endorse the opinions expressed in comments. Comments on this story are moderated according to our Submission Guidelines. Comments are welcome while open. We reserve the right to close comments at any time. Submission Policy Note: The CBC does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. By submitting your comments, you acknowledge that CBC has the right to reproduce, broadcast and publicize those comments or any part thereof in any manner whatsoever. Please note that comments are moderated and published according to our submission guidelines. Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Paulatuk Sachs Harbour Tuktoyaktuk Whitehorse Light Snow -18°C Yellowknife Light Snow -16°C Inuvik Mainly Clear -23°C Iqaluit Drifting Snow -17°C Kuujjuaq Light Snow -13°C More Weather Editor's Picks Inuvik hopes sun rises on tourism in 2017 Pooch on the wing: Iqaluit Humane Society flies more than 400 dogs to new homes in 2016 Latest North News Headlines Family pleads for information on Inuvik man, 3 months missing Nunavut parolee wanted under Canada-wide warrant Tanya Tagaq returns to Nunavut as part of 2017 Alianait concert series 'Administrative oversight' removes Yukon lakes from fishing permits read comments Mystery artist leaving gifts around town for lucky Yellowknifers read comments Must Watch Underwater video shows remains of HMS Terror 0:34 Ship was lost in 1845 in a Nunavut bay Inside the HMS Erebus 1:11 Parks Canada underwater archeologists explore the wreck off the coast of Nunavut Teens Develop World-Class Mountain Bike Trails in Yukon 3:14 First Nations teens in the Yukon have taken traditional hunting paths and turned them into acclaimed mountain bike trails. This igloo greenhouse could revolutionize food production in the North 4:35 A Ryerson University student has built an greenhouse on the Arctic Circle that allows people in the far North to grow fresh produce. Top News Headlines Suspect arrested in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting that killed 5 video Got the flu? You’re not alone: Where influenza is hitting hardest across Canada Putin ordered cyber campaign to help Trump win election: U.S. intelligence report Why you still need a parks pass this year despite free entry audio 'Everyone started to run': Canadians describe chaos at Fort Lauderdale airport video Most Viewed Woman 'fuming' after Canada Post misdirects Christmas package Whitehorse house burgled while homeowners away at family funeral Accused tries to storm out of courtroom after judge delivers sexual assault sentence Mystery artist leaving gifts around town for lucky Yellowknifers 'It saved my life': How managed alcohol program changed Nunavut man Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
WSOC Charlotte LIVE http://www.wsoctv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WSOC Charlotte SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wsoc profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12388525 Home 12388579 News National & World News Report Breaking News Vote 2016 WSOC-TV apps Recalls 12388531 Weather Interactive Radar 5-Day Forecast Hour by Hour Forecast Video Sign Up! Closing Alerts Viewer Weather Pics Current Closings Report Closings WSOC-TV Weather Apps Closings Instructions 12388633 Traffic NC Traffic Cameras SC Traffic Cameras Gas Prices Flight Tracker 12388669 Sports Big 22 Charlotte Hornets NASCAR HSFB Scoreboard High School Football Carolina Panthers 12388795 9 Investigates Action 9 Whistleblower 9 Chopper 9 Skyzoom 12388717 Video WSOC-TV Live Live Breaking News 465970643 Coats For Kids Family Focus 9 School Tools 12388819 Entertainment GoCarolinas Contests 12388873 More About Us Contact Us TV64 Toyota of North Charlotte The Daily Two Advertise With Us Closed Captioning What's On Channel 9 What's On TV64 Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement Meet The Staff Talent Request Form More WINTER WEATHER Check current winter weather closings Sign up to receive severe weather closings text alerts 1/2 Man exposes himself at Charlotte Walmart, police say by: Liz Foster Updated: Dec 23, 2016 - 5:44 PM Twtter CHARLOTTE, N.C. - Charlotte-Mecklenburg police are trying to identify a man who exposed himself to a 15-year old girl at a southeast Charlotte Walmart Thursday night. The incident happened around 11:30 p.m. at the store on Galleria Boulevard. A woman and her 15-year old daughter were shopping in the electronics section when they said a man exposed himself to the teenager and motioned for her to come to the back of the store. The women told the manager, who called police. The store and surrounding shopping center were busy with holiday shoppers all day Friday. Some customers were shocked to hear about the crime. “It’s kind of scary and it’s bad for shoppers out this time of year because maybe some of them have families, have their kids with them and you know, you’re probably afraid,” Cheryl Little said. Police told Channel 9 they have surveillance video, but it does not show the man exposing himself because of the angle of the camera. They also said they could not get a good look at his face. The man was described as a black male in his 30’s who weighs about 300 pounds and was wearing a white hat and black coat with a fur collar. © 2017 Cox Media Group. Twtter Man exposes himself at Charlotte Walmart, police say MINUTE-BY-MINUTE: Snow potential for Charlotte 4-6 inches How to be prepared for this weekend's snow storm Shooter opens fire at Fort Lauderdale airport; multiple people killed Check current winter weather closings News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WSOC-TV Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WSOC - TV What's on WSOC - TV Closed Captioning WSOC - TV EEOC Statement WSOC - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WSOC - TV Public File WAXN - TV EEOC Statement WAXN - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WAXN - TV Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Police arrest suspect in early morning robberies - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Chopper 5 Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Sports Friday Football Fever 2016 Olympic Games College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis 'Raw Travel' premieres in October on WMC Action News 5 Our local commitment In the kitchen with Chef Jeff WMC-TV 5 Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 Station History WMC-TV 5 Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Police arrest suspect in early morning robberies 2016-12-23T14:45:00Z2017-01-07T00:34:02Z Posted by Payton Knobeloch Email Connect Payton.Knobeloch@wsmv.com Follow @wsmv Joshua Hackett, 35, was arrested on aggravated robbery charges, including the Steak n Shake in Madison. (Photo: Metro Nashville Police Department) Surveillance photo of the suspect in the armed robbery at Steak 'n Shake on Myatt Drive. (Source: Metro Nashville Police Department) Surveillance photo of the suspect in the armed robbery at Steak 'n Shake on Myatt Drive. (Source: Metro Nashville Police Department) Also on WMCTV.COMMore>> TBI Most Wanted TBI Most Wanted Tennessee's most wanted fugitives.More >> Tennessee's most wanted fugitives.More >> MADISON, TN (WSMV) - Police have arrested a suspect who allegedly stole a vehicle and held up a restaurant in Madison early Friday morning. Metro police said citizen tips led to the arrest of Joshua Hackett, 35, on aggravated robbery charges. Hackett is accused to approaching a man in the parking lot of the Walmart Neighborhood Market on Gallatin Pike in Madison at 4:15 a.m. Friday and demanding money. The victim handed over his wallet and the suspect fled in the victim’s gold 2002 Chrysler Town and Country van. Citizen's tip leads to ID and arrest of Joshua Hackett, 35, now charged with agg. robbery for 2 Fri. a.m. hold-ups, including Steak n Shake. pic.twitter.com/wqITFFbwJa— Metro Nashville PD (@MNPDNashville) December 24, 2016 While officers were on the scene at Walmart, a second hold-up involving the same suspect was reported at the Steak ‘n Shake on Myatt Drive. The gunman again demanded money, and the cashier complied. The suspect is a white man appearing to be in his early 30s. He is approximately 6’1” tall with a large build and a shaved head. Anyone who recognizes the suspect is urged to contact Crime Stoppers at 615-742-7463. Callers can remain anonymous and qualify for a cash reward. They can also send a tip by texting “CASH” and their message to 274637. Copyright 2016 WSMV (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved. More from WMCTV.COMMore>> Special Davidson County news Click to read more headlines from Davidson County.More >> Click to read more headlines from Davidson County.More >> News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Black ice remains a threat overnight after snow blankets Mid-South Black ice remains a threat overnight after snow blankets Mid-South Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:10 PM EST2017-01-07 01:10:33 GMT The first snow of 2017 gave many people in the Mid-South an early weekend. While the snow is gone, slick roads and bitterly cold air remains.More >> The first snow of 2017 gave many people in the Mid-South an early weekend. While the snow is gone, slick roads and bitterly cold air remains.More >> 2 men rob Frayser bank 2 men rob Frayser bank Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 6:32 PM EST2017-01-06 23:32:48 GMT (Source: MPD) Two men robbed a bank in Frayser, according to Memphis Police Department. More >> Two men robbed a bank in Frayser, according to Memphis Police Department.More >> breaking 'Suspicious item' temporarily closes Memphis airport checkpoint 'Suspicious item' temporarily closes Memphis airport checkpoint Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 5:23 PM EST2017-01-06 22:23:28 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) A 'suspicious item' was discovered in the B checkpoint of Memphis International Airport on Friday, according to airport officials. More >> A 'suspicious item' was discovered in the B checkpoint of Memphis International Airport on Friday, according to airport officials. More >> 13 people shot, 5 killed at Fort Lauderdale airport 13 people shot, 5 killed at Fort Lauderdale airport Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 5:21 PM EST2017-01-06 22:21:53 GMT People on the tarmac in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida. (Source: NBC News) Thirteen people were shot--eight were injured and five were killed--Friday afternoon at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. The suspected shooter is unharmed and in police custody.  More >> Thirteen people were shot--eight were injured and five were killed--Friday afternoon at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. The suspected shooter is unharmed and in police custody. More >> FedEx delays expected nationally due to Mid-South snow FedEx delays expected nationally due to Mid-South snow Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 5:20 PM EST2017-01-06 22:20:23 GMT FedEx airplane taking off Friday morning. (Source: Memphis International Airport) FedEx Express said customers around the U.S. may experience some delays in deliveries Friday. More >> FedEx Express said customers around the U.S. may experience some delays in deliveries Friday.More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> 5 killed, 8 hospitalized in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman in custody 5 killed, 8 hospitalized in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman in custody Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 1:15 PM EST2017-01-06 18:15:58 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:07 PM EST2017-01-07 01:07:56 GMT Suspect in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting unpacked firearm in checked bag, loaded it in bathroom and returned to open fire on a baggage-claim area. More >> Suspect in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting unpacked firearm in checked bag, loaded it in bathroom and returned to open fire on a baggage-claim area.More >> Judge rebukes suspects in beating of disabled man in Chicago Judge rebukes suspects in beating of disabled man in Chicago Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 7:00 PM EST2017-01-07 00:00:33 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 7:00 PM EST2017-01-07 00:00:33 GMT The two 18-year-olds had been schoolmates, police say. After meeting at McDonald's, they spent two days together, driving around visiting friends. Then a pretend fight between them escalated into a brutal beating. More >> A judge rebuked four black people accused of beating a mentally disabled white man and broadcasting the attack on Facebook, sternly asking, "Where was your sense of decency?" before denying their attorneys' pleas to...More >> Report: 3 kids watched movie as parents lay dead outside SUV Report: 3 kids watched movie as parents lay dead outside SUV Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 12:32 PM EST2017-01-06 17:32:55 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 12:32 PM EST2017-01-06 17:32:55 GMT Investigators say they don't know why a couple found dead outside their still-running SUV had stopped along Interstate 4 near Daytona Beach early on New Year's Eve with their three young sons safely strapped in the vehicle. More >> Investigators say they don't know why a couple found dead outside their still-running SUV had stopped along Interstate 4 near Daytona Beach early on New Year's Eve with their three young sons safely strapped in...More >> LA sheriff's deputy saves cat trapped in garage door LA sheriff's deputy saves cat trapped in garage door Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 2:44 PM EST2017-01-06 19:44:45 GMT Bella the cat nearly lost her life when she became lodged in a garage door in Ascension Parish, LA. Source: Ascension Parish Sheriff's Department. It's the story everyone knows and loves; A law enforcement officer saves a stranded cat from a tree, and then reunites the family with their furry loved one.Except, that isn't at all what happened in Ascension Parish.  More >> It's the story everyone knows and loves; A law enforcement officer saves a stranded cat from a tree, and then reunites the family with their furry loved one.Except, that isn't at all what happened in Ascension Parish. More >> Officials: Seat with possible human remains recovered in plane crash wreckage Officials: Seat with possible human remains recovered in plane crash wreckage Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:41 PM EST2017-01-07 01:41:40 GMT A seat with possible human remains has been recovered in the search for a missing plane in Lake Erie, officials said during a press conference Friday night. More >> A seat with possible human remains has been recovered in the search for a missing plane in Lake Erie, officials said during a press conference Friday night.More >> Upstate woman's reaction to empty bread aisle goes viral Upstate woman's reaction to empty bread aisle goes viral Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 10:10 AM EST2017-01-06 15:10:11 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 10:10 AM EST2017-01-06 15:10:11 GMT Screen shot from the video. (Courtesy: Nikki Smith) Nikki Smith said the video was filmed at the Walmart on Grandview Drive Thursday night after she saw that all the bread products were sold out.  More >> Nikki Smith said the video was filmed at the Walmart on Grandview Drive Thursday night after she saw that all the bread products were sold out. More >> Tilikum, orca that killed trainer, dies at SeaWorld Orlando Tilikum, orca that killed trainer, dies at SeaWorld Orlando Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 8:10 PM EST2017-01-07 01:10:34 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:10 PM EST2017-01-07 01:10:34 GMT Tilikum, an orca that killed a trainer at SeaWorld Orlando in 2010, has died. More >> Tilikum the orca has died after more than two decades at SeaWorld Orlando, where he gained notoriety for killing a trainer in 2010 and was later profiled in a documentary that helped sway popular opinion against keeping...More >> weather FIRST ALERT WEATHER DAY UPDATE: Jill updates our snow/wintry mix timeline FIRST ALERT WEATHER DAY UPDATE: Jill updates our snow/wintry mix timeline Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 9:09 PM EST2017-01-07 02:09:02 GMT A WINTER STORM WARNING includes all of the WBRC First Alert viewing area except for Lamar, Fayette, Walker, Blount, Cullman, Winston and Marion which are all under a WINTER WEATHER ADVISORY.More >> A WINTER STORM WARNING includes all of the WBRC First Alert viewing area except for Lamar, Fayette, Walker, Blount, Cullman, Winston and Marion which are all under a WINTER WEATHER ADVISORY.More >> The Latest: Trump laments Florida airport shooting The Latest: Trump laments Florida airport shooting The Latest on President-elect Donald Trump (all times EST):More >> The Latest on President-elect Donald Trump (all times EST):More >> Coroner releases official cause of death for transgender woman killed in Madison Co. Coroner releases official cause of death for transgender woman killed in Madison Co. Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 2:16 PM EST2017-01-06 19:16:22 GMT The Madison County Sheriff's Office received a call around 3:45 pm  that a body was in the road on Heindl Road near Old Yazoo Road, just outside the Canton city limits.More >> The Madison County Sheriff's Office received a call around 3:45 pm  that a body was in the road on Heindl Road near Old Yazoo Road, just outside the Canton city limits.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Soccer Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 12° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low 8F. Winds NW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: January 6, 2017 @ 6:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Close 1 of 2 Bloomberg Shopping carts sit in the parking lot outside a TJ Maxx store in Peoria, Illinois, on Aug. 14, 2016. Bloomberg photo by Daniel Acker. Daniel Acker A Marshalls store stands at dusk in Peoria, Illinois, on Aug. 14, 2016. Bloomberg photo by Daniel Acker. One huge American retailer ignored the internet — and won By Kim Bhasin and Lindsey Rupp Bloomberg Dec 23, 2016 (…) Bloomberg Shopping carts sit in the parking lot outside a TJ Maxx store in Peoria, Illinois, on Aug. 14, 2016. Bloomberg photo by Daniel Acker. When Kimberly Dulude steps into a T.J. Maxx store near her job at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, she likes to begin perusing a clearance aisle in the back. Then she works her way up to shoes. Beauty is next, and so on until she gets to the front. The 29-year-old does buy stuff online all the time — just not from T.J. Maxx. The store, she says, provides the thrill of the hunt. “I kid you not, I could spend hours in there,” said Dulude. There’s been much talk this holiday season about the utter dominance of e-commerce. Cyber Monday set a record for online sales, racking up $3.45 billion, according to Adobe Digital Insights. The National Retail Federation said more people shopped online throughout Black Friday weekend than in physical stores. And the clicks continued past the weekend: Retailers such as Wal-Mart Stores and Amazon.com turned what was once just a discount day for online sales into weeks of bargains. But there are some stores bucking the trend. Take T.J. Maxx and Marshalls, owned by parent company TJX Cos. They’re a rarity in the retail universe: stores that don’t care about online sales because their businesses are based on the real-life retail experience. Inventory shifts regularly, so no visit is the same — the promise of discovering great items on the cheap is what draws shoppers inside. Companies such as Framingham, Mass.-based TJX and competitors Ross Stores Inc. and Burlington Stores Inc. have a team of buyers that pick up excess items on the wholesale market — anything from cashmere sweaters to copper mugs. TJX alone works with more than 18,000 vendors, including manufacturers and retailers, to scoop up stylish stuff in bulk and resell it at a steal. With more than 2,500 U.S. stores, the company is also adept at tailoring merchandise being offered to local trends. If you love retailers such as HomeGoods or Marshalls but don’t live near one, you’re out of luck — online, they only sell gift cards. T.J. Maxx sells some clothing and accessories on its website, but the experience is very different than sifting through racks for a one-of-its-size item. “They’re not worried about it at all,” says Mickey Chadha, an analyst at Moody’s Investor Service who considers T.J. Maxx’s online penetration negligible. “The product is right at the right price. Online is only as good as the product.” A representative for TJX declined to comment on the company’s strategy. Executives have repeatedly stated on conference calls with analysts that they view e-commerce as a supplement to its shops, a way to drive real-life traffic. Though TJMaxx.com launched back in 2013, e-commerce sales remain at only about 1 percent of total sales and had an “immaterial impact” on growth last year, according to a January filing. “While it’s a small part of our business, we see it as highly complementary to our physical stores,” TJX Chief Executive Officer Ernie Herrman said in May. “We are being methodical in how we grow this business.” It’s working. Shares have more than doubled over the past five years and revenue is up more than 30 percent during the same time period. TJX’s 10 brands hauled in nearly $31 billion in sales last year. +1  A Marshalls store stands at dusk in Peoria, Illinois, on Aug. 14, 2016. Bloomberg photo by Daniel Acker. Daniel Acker But don’t expect a trend heading back in time. This is a difficult system to replicate, said Simeon Siegel, an analyst at Instinet. TJX boasts a wide net of inventory buyers who find small batches of desirable clothing, then make a small bet on those goods. This is unlike the traditional department store model, where buyers look at runway trends and make large orders of a few items, hoping that they’ll be the winner for the season. “You’re buying closed-out product and you’re buying samples,” said Siegel. “You have to be very attuned to the numbers and very attuned to the fashion. The vendor base that you need to be plugged into and the intelligence that goes into buying the product is the most important asset they have. You need to find the most compelling stuff.” See how St. Louis stocks are faring What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis Who's hired? Check our People in Business When stores such as T.J. Maxx do it right, they leave their shoppers filled with feelings of adventure and serendipity, says Jordan Rost, vice president of consumer insights at Nielsen, a research firm. Even an unsuccessful trip to a discount store can reinforce the thrill of the hunt. The instincts driving customers into parking lots is similar to those shopping online, Rost says. They’re searching for deals and the best item to fill some broad want or need without a target in mind. As shoppers across generations and demographics become more focused on value than ever before, the excitement of finding something on sale has an even broader appeal. Millennials who grew up relying on e-commerce for all their needs are coming through the doors, too. “Younger consumers are really open to that kind of open-minded approach to shopping, not necessarily coming in with a specific brand or product in mind,” says Rost. “Discovery is part of the experience.” New York native Samantha Feldman, 55, shops at T.J. Maxx or Marshalls at least once or twice a week and says she’s never ordered a single thing from them online. She always finds something interesting in there — stuff she feels she’d never find on department store racks. “I know sometimes what they get is out of season,” said Feldman. “But if it’s new for me, it’s good.” Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Store Commerce Economics Product Tjx View (…) comments Most popular Kmart closing stores in St. Louis, Alton and Granite City Infomercial sensation 'My Pillow' flunks out of Better Business Bureau Four St. Louis projects win nearly $51 million in TIF support St. Louis to get new nonstop flight to Charleston, S.C. Ford cancels $1.6 billion Mexican plant, will invest $700 million in Michigan factory Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section J.C. Penney holiday sales fell 0.8 percent, shares slide Apartments, parking garage out of next Cortex growth spurt Boosted by Apple, Wall Street parties like it's 19,999 The Limited closing all stores across the U.S. Boeing's 2016 orders lowest since 2010, deliveries hit target Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Find the dream job you are looking for Get your Blues gear from the Post-Dispatch Store! See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Hot Topics: A-Basin chairlift rescue Boulder a sanctuary city Snowstorm BCH gay pride flap Mailman builds dog ramp News tips Print   Email   Font Resize Developer unveils plans for Erie's Nine Mile Corner ahead of court battle with Lafayette 45-acre development to feature large-scale retail, high-density housing By Anthony Hahn Staff Writer Posted:   12/19/2016 08:33:47 PM MST Updated:   12/20/2016 08:47:03 AM MST Street signs at Nine Mile Corner near the intersection of Arapahoe Road and U.S. Highway 287 in Boulder County. (Jeremy Papasso / Staff Photographer) (Courtesy image) Months after development tensions surrounding Nine Mile Corner sparked an unprecedented "border war" between neighboring Erie and Lafayette — a two-day evidentiary hearing is slated for mid-February — developers behind the project on Monday unveiled sketch plans for the vexed mixed-use development. The project is situated on approximately 45 acres at the southeast corner of U.S. 287 and Arapahoe Road, and will be built around a large pad that will house one or two major anchor retail tenants, according to the site plans. "We are talking to anchors of all different categories," Tyler Carlson, of Evergreen Devco, the developers behind the project, said Monday. "There's lots of types of anchors: a Walmart or a Target. There's soft good anchors like Kohl's or T.J. Maxx, or Nordstrom Rack. Then you have your hardware anchor like Home Depot or Lowe's. Then, lastly, you have grocery anchors like Sprouts. "We would love to have a grocery store there," he added. "Just because it has a 'daily needs' component and would help us create that 'village on the corner' feel." Advertisement A rumor circulated earlier this year that Lafayette's King Soopers was considering a relocation to Erie may have elevated the animosity between the neighboring municipalities, Erie Mayor Tina Harris speculated in April. Roughly four large retail outlets and a handful of shops dubbed "the Village at Nine Mile" would occupy the property's west side along U.S. 287. "That's where we're hoping to have a good concentration of restaurants, rooftop patios and more boutique retailers," Carlson said. "The anchor and some of the free-standing pads will be more likely chain types, but for the village we're looking for more of a boutique feel." To the project's east would be high-density residential dwellings: roughly 10 buildings for housing multi-family inhabitants and a clubhouse that could feature amenities such as a pool, spa and fitness center, among other facilities. Though housing specifics are still in the works, Carlson said, the residential buildings will most likely be two to three stories tall. Despite praise from Evergreen and Erie officials, Lafayette residents who live adjacent to the property have come to resent the slated development's shadow. One such resident is Kurt Eherenman, whose home in Lafayette's Beacon Hill subdivision backs up to the land parcel. "We wanted an adequate buffer between ourselves and the town of Erie," Eherenman said Monday. "We were looking for about 150 or 200 feet but from the looks of the drawings we're only getting about 50 with some trees in between." Lafayette filed the lawsuit against Erie in Boulder District Court in July, declaring the "intent to acquire real property for open space purposes and to protect Lafayette's unique community character." The lawsuit came after Lafayette officials first moved to investigate the development of the corner in the wake of rumors that Lafayette's King Soopers might relocate to Nine Mile Corner, and roughly a week after Erie officials announced an offer to establish a setback buffer between Lafayette's Beacon Hill neighborhood and the contested development. Lafayette leaders had lobbied for a buffer between the Erie development and adjacent residents in Lafayette's Beacon Hill neighborhood since development plans were first announced. "It's kind of a worthless point at this time," Eherenman added. "It's Lafayette's job to protect the citizens from encroachment from neighboring communities and they're not doing a good job. Erie grabbed that property under false pretenses and wants it to up their retail (sales tax). "Erie is going to develop that property come hell or high water." Erie officials voted to extend an agreement with Evergreen last week, citing the project's embroilment in the condemnation lawsuit as a primary factor. "Almost nine months ago to the day the town and Evergreen entered into the Nine Mile Corner Disposition and Development agreement and with each step along the way we've communicated our milestones," Erie spokesman Fred Diehl wrote in an email on Monday. "The conceptual site plan is a significant next step along the normal course of the development process as it represents a milestone in the land use application process that will ultimately include a quasi-judicial public hearing before our Board of Trustees." The site plans will be publicly discussed for the first time by Erie trustees in January, according to Carlson, just one month before the condemnation lawsuit is heard in court. Anthony Hahn: 303-473-1422, hahna@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/_anthonyhahn Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Longmont medians part of First Amendment panhandling debate Some, but not all, primed for bitter Boulder Polar Plunge Local businesses ask Longmont council to reduce homeless' presence on downtown streets   BOCOPREPS (Cliff Grassmick / Staff Photographer) BUFFZONE Soccer: FC Boulder set to embark on first PDL season this summer Former Skyline High and CU star Nikki Marshall is the team's GM FC Boulder soccer club executive director Adam Hayes and general manager Nikki Marshall have announced that the club has been awarded a men's PDL (Premier Development League) team that will start play in May. Full Story Girls basketball: Third quarter burst sends Ralston Valley past Monarch Boys basketball: Kinoti helps Holy Family pull away from Skyline Girls basketball: Erie finds inspiration in 'Hustle and Heart' Buffzone BUFFZONE (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker SECOND STORY GARAGE SECOND STORY GARAGE Second Story Garage: Bandits Boulder is pretty good at producing rock bands, and by "rock," we mean the in-your-face, guitar-heavy, leather-clad variety — you know, the good kind. For a prime example, look no farther than BANDITS. Full Story Second Story Garage: EOTO Second Story Garage: TAUK Second Story Garage: Dirty Bourbon River Show Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Reuters BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 US STOCKS-Retailers weigh on Wall Street, Dow 20,000 slips away Reuters Dec. 22, 2016, 4:22 PM 10 facebook linkedin twitter email print * Final U.S. Q3 GDP growth 3.5 pct vs estimated 3.3 pct * Home Depot, Wal-Mart pull Dow lower * S&P 500 up 11 pct so far in 2016 * Indexes end down: Dow 0.12 pct, S&P 0.19 pct, Nasdaq 0.44 pct (Updates to close) By Noel Randewich Dec 22 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Thursday, weighed down by weakness in retailers, as investors stepped back from a recent rally fueled by optimism that President-elect Donald Trump will invigorate economic growth. The decline pulled the Dow Jones industrial average further away from the 20,000 mark after it nearly breached that level this week for the first time. Retail stocks fell after CNN reported Trump's transition team is considering a tariff of as much as 10 percent on imports. The S&P 500 consumer discretionary index lost 1.01 percent, its biggest one-day decline since October. Home Depot fell 1.02 percent and Wal-Mart Stores lost 2.32 percent, both weighing more than any other stocks on the Dow. Following a sharp rally since the Nov. 8 U.S. election, the Dow is up about 14 percent for the year and the S&P 500 is 11 higher on bets that the economy will benefit from Trump's plans for deregulation and infrastructure spending. Some investors believe that recent gains may have made stocks too expensive, and that Congress may water down or prevent major infrastructure spending or tax cuts proposed by Trump. "There are issues hanging over the market," said Donald Selkin, chief market strategist at Newbridge Securities in New York. "You need to digest these gains, and once he becomes president, we'll see what is actually going to get passed." Billionaire investor Carl Icahn, tapped by Trump on Wednesday as a special adviser for regulatory issues, said in an interview on CNBC he was concerned about the stock market in the short term following its recent surge. A report earlier showed that the U.S. economy grew faster than initially thought in the third quarter, notching its best performance in two years. Gross domestic product increased at a 3.5 percent annual rate instead of the previously reported 3.2 percent pace, the Commerce Department said. Consumer spending, which accounts for more than two-thirds of U.S. economic activity, rose 0.2 percent in November, below the estimated 0.3 percent gain. The Dow finished 0.12 percent lower at 19,918.88 and the S&P 500 lost 0.19 percent to end at 2,260.96. The Nasdaq Composite dropped 0.44 percent to 5,447.42. Apple fell 0.66 percent after Nokia said it had sued the iPhone maker for patent infringement. The stock was the biggest drag on the S&P 500 and Nasdaq. ConAgra rose 3.39 percent after the packaged foods maker's quarterly profit beat estimates. Red Hat slumped 13.89 percent after the Linux software distributor's quarterly revenue missed estimates. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.26-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.55-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 11 new 52-week highs and three new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 100 new highs and 43 new lows. With many investors already away for the end-of-year holidays, volume was very low. About 5.5 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, well below the 7.3 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and James Dalgleish) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2016. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power European privacy regulators to scrutinize WhatsApp privacy switch Transplant recipients who resume smoking have shorter survival More: Reuters Company News USA-STOCKS/ (UPDATE 6) facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru US STOCKS-Retailers weigh on Wall Street, Dow 20,000 slips away US STOCKS-Retailers weigh on Wall Street, Dow 20,000 slips away * Final U.S. Q3 GDP growth 3.5 pct vs estimated... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » Keep tabs on the latest from Business Insider in our new Chrome Extension More "BI Innovations" » Get Reuters Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Remaking The Q Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections RNC 2016 Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Amber Alert issued for 6-year-old girl abducted in South Euclid South Euclid Amber Alert car.png Police say two men may have taken a 6-year-old girl from a Walmart parking lot in South Euclid before driving off in this car. (South Euclid police) Print Email Evan MacDonald, cleveland.com By Evan MacDonald, cleveland.com The Plain Dealer Email the author | Follow on Twitter on December 23, 2016 at 10:32 PM, updated December 23, 2016 at 11:04 PM comments SOUTH EUCLID, Ohio -- Authorities have issued an Amber Alert for a 6-year-old girl abducted from a Walmart parking lot in South Euclid. Two men took the girl about 7:10 p.m. from the parking lot on Warrensville Center Road, police said. Update 10:40 p.m.: The Amber Alert has been cancelled because police believe it is a hoax, police said. Police released photos of the car and a man wanted for questioning in connection with the abduction. The car is a green Buick from the late 1990s or early 2000s. One of the man was described as going by the name "Chuck Lewis." He is approximately 6 feet tall and 230 pounds. He was wearing a gray stocking cap and has a beard, police said. The other man goes by the name "Fred" and is described as being in his early 20s. He was wearing a red Nike hooded sweatshirt and has tattoos on his hands and neck, police said. Anyone with information is being asked to call South Euclid police at 216-381-1234. Metro Columnists Michael McIntyre's Tipoff Mark Naymik Phillip Morris The Weekday Front Page The Plain Dealer's front page for January 6, 2017 Updates posted Monday - Friday Eat, Drink & Play in the CLE What are the best restaurants, bars & things to do in NE Ohio? Check out our new "Essential CLE" visitors guide for the answers. EXPLORE Essential CLE: The Visitors Guide 10 best restaurants 10 best bars Top 10 things to do Authentic Cleveland A-List: Cleveland's Top 100 Restaurants • More dining guides & reviews » Most Read Active Discussions News updates in your inbox Get the latest news delivered to your inbox plus breaking news when it happens Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Skip to Content 2° Mostly cloudy. Chilly. More ▼ ▲ Sign In ▼▲sub menu toggleNews CKNW In-Depth Housing News How True Is It? World News Business Traffic Summer Road Work ▼▲sub menu toggleShows Schedule The Jon McComb Show The Simi Sara Show Steele & Drex Global News Hour at 6 Charles Adler Tonight Weekend Programming Specialty Programming Coast to Coast Reality Check with Bruce Allen Money Talks All Shows ▼▲sub menu toggleOn Demand Original Podcasts Past Shows Audio Vault ▼▲sub menu toggleInsiders Concerts & Events Contests Blogs Orphans Fund ▼▲sub menu toggleAbout Contact Us Ways to Listen Connect HD Radio News/Talk Team #BCStorm Menu Listen Live On Air Now Account Sign In Home ▼▲sub menu toggleNews CKNW In-Depth Housing News How True Is It? World News Business Traffic Summer Road Work ▼▲sub menu toggleShows Schedule The Jon McComb Show The Simi Sara Show Steele & Drex Global News Hour at 6 Charles Adler Tonight Weekend Programming Specialty Programming Coast to Coast Reality Check with Bruce Allen Money Talks All Shows ▼▲sub menu toggleOn Demand Original Podcasts Past Shows Audio Vault ▼▲sub menu toggleInsiders Concerts & Events Contests Blogs Orphans Fund ▼▲sub menu toggleAbout Contact Us Ways to Listen Connect HD Radio News/Talk Team #BCStorm ▼▲sub menu toggle Emergency Contact Us CKNW Orphans Fund Radio Advertising Careers Stock Images Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. ON AIR NOW6:00 PM - 7:00 PMGlobal News Hour at 6 Stolen walker returned Eileen Bell December 23, 2016 02:24 pm In Fort Saskatchewan, a stolen walker has been returned. On Friday afternoon, RCMP said they were looking for a man and a woman who did something pretty reprehensible on Thursday. A woman in her eighties was shopping in the Walmart in Fort Saskatchewan when her walker was stolen. It had been left in the lobby, presumably while the woman used a shopping cart to get around the store. “I think it’s an absolutely unfortunate crime, that’s for sure,” said RCMP Constable Suzanne Ahlstrom. “Especially this time of year, and the fact that it’s a medical device that the elderly female uses to get around for day to day use.” The man was described as in his mid to late fifties, about 5’10”, and was wearing a brown coat and blue jeans. The woman was described as in her mid-fifties, about 5’4″, and was wearing a white coat and dark pants. AHS replaced the walker on a temporary basis. Word of the original walker being returned came late Friday afternoon. (eb)   Trending More Latest More Vancouver Traffic Tweets by @AM730Traffic Current Traffic Incidents You May Also Like More News Site C Dam construction hits environmental snag 17 minutes ago BC Hydro is facing a possible federal order for falling foul of environmental regulations at the Site... Read More Police investigate Surrey shooting 47 minutes ago The roads may now be open but the RCMP is continuing to investigate a shooting that reportedly took... Read More Richmond family struggling to get back on its feet after devastating house fire 1 hour ago It's been anything but a happy new year for one Richmond family, now struggling to get back on their... Read More Steele & Drex: Making sure your home is fire safe in the winter 56 minutes ago An East Vancouver neighbourhood is still reeling from a tragic house fire that left a toddler dead and... Read More More News Emergency Contact Us CKNW Orphans Fund Radio Advertising Careers Stock Images Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Remaking The Q Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections RNC 2016 Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Amber Alert for missing girl canceled, believed to be hoax, South Euclid police say South Euclid police car.jpg South Euclid police believe a story about the abduction of a 6-year-old girl, which resulted in an Amber Alert on Friday evening, was a hoax. (File photo) Print Email Evan MacDonald, cleveland.com By Evan MacDonald, cleveland.com The Plain Dealer Email the author | Follow on Twitter on December 23, 2016 at 11:00 PM, updated December 28, 2016 at 1:26 PM comments SOUTH EUCLID, Ohio -- Authorities canceled an Amber Alert issued Friday evening because investigators are confident it was a hoax, South Euclid police said. Investigators believe a man made up a fake story about two men abducting his 6-year-old daughter from a Walmart parking lot on Warrensville Center Road, South Euclid police Lt. Ben Parisi said. There is no evidence the girl exists or that such an incident occurred, Parisi said. The man who reported the fake abduction could face criminal charges, Parisi said. The man claimed the two men took his daughter about 7:10 p.m. Police issued an Amber Alert and released photos of a car and a man believed to be connected to the abduction. The man provided specific details, including descriptions of the two men and the car, police said. Authorities canceled the Amber Alert about 10:30 p.m. after discovering it was a hoax. To comment on this story, please visit cleveland.com's crime and courts comments section. Metro Columnists Michael McIntyre's Tipoff Mark Naymik Phillip Morris The Weekday Front Page The Plain Dealer's front page for January 6, 2017 Updates posted Monday - Friday Eat, Drink & Play in the CLE What are the best restaurants, bars & things to do in NE Ohio? Check out our new "Essential CLE" visitors guide for the answers. EXPLORE Essential CLE: The Visitors Guide 10 best restaurants 10 best bars Top 10 things to do Authentic Cleveland A-List: Cleveland's Top 100 Restaurants • More dining guides & reviews » Most Read Active Discussions News updates in your inbox Get the latest news delivered to your inbox plus breaking news when it happens Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Opinion Obits Classifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Regional Idaho Nation/World Voices Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation/World Elections Photos Business Amazon getting bigger slice of holiday online spending pie, data suggest FRIDAY, DEC. 23, 2016, 7:59 P.M. By Angel Gonzalez Tribune News Service Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS SEATTLE – Amazon.com has seen its already dominant share of online shopping rise in the walk-up to the holidays, says e-commerce consultancy Slice Intelligence. Data gathered by the consultancy indicated that 46 percent of online spending during the week ending Dec. 17 went to Amazon, up from 42.3 percent the previous week. That’s way more than any other retailer selling online, according to Slice. The runner-up was Best Buy, which accounted for 2.9 percent of online spending. Amazon’s nemesis Wal-Mart came up third, with 2.6 percent. The average Amazon order was $67. Slice Intelligence says it mines data from email receipts from hundreds of thousands of retailers and also tracks a large panel of online shoppers. The company also tracked how quickly packages land on customers’ doorsteps. The average package from sellers took three days to deliver versus five days last year. That’s despite what carriers say are record shipments. Experts have said that since the beginning of the critical holiday retail season, shipments are up 12 percent. The Slice numbers show a couple of things. First, more aggressive online retail efforts by competitors don’t seem to have eroded Amazon’s dominance. Also, the logistics problems that have frustrated Christmas shoppers in recent years seem to have been kept in check due to massive investment by Amazon and by third-party carriers such as FedEx and UPS. Published: Dec. 23, 2016, 7:59 p.m.  Tags: Amazon, e-commerce, holiday spending, Tech Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Back to Spokesman Mobile
WTVF Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + Radar & Maps Live Cameras Current Conditions Forecast Pages Weather Alerts Weather Team Weather Kids Weather Videos Traffic + Sky5 HD Gas Prices TDOT Traffic Report Airport News + Local Tennessee Kentucky U.S. NC5 Investigates Education School Patrol Medical Politics Entertainment Sports + Titans Predators Commodores Volunteers Blue Raiders TSU Tigers Sounds Talk of the Town + Recipes Extras Go Local Be Your Best Meet the Team NewsChannel5+ + Watch 5+ Live MorningLine OpenLine SportsLine Inside Politics Community Health Matters Countdown to Friday Fishin' Affliction Inside Workforce Development The Income Guys Issues of Faith LifeStyle with Denise Simons Medical Monday Mortgage Matters Out & About Today Panorama Pharmacist On Call The Plus Side of Nashville Retirement Report Ring of Faith ¿Que Pasa Nashville? SCORE on Business Southern Woods & Waters Titans Talk Words & Music Urban Outlook Money + Consumer Reports Consumer Alert Shop Smart Life + Back to School Summer Heart Health Fall Black Friday Flu Season Healthy New Year Celebrate Tennessee Photos + my5 Viewer Photos Weather Kids Video + Live Newscasts Watch 5+ Live CBSN Live Video YouTube About Us + Contact Us Submit News Tips Contests TV Listings Team Bios Advertise with Us EEO Public File Report Closed Captioning Support Jobs Current 16° Cloudy 3-Day Forecast HI: 24° LO: 12° HI: 30° LO: 13° HI: 42° LO: 22° Weather Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences 6 Weather Alerts Winter Weather Advisory issued January 6 at 3:08PM CST expiring January 7 at 12:00AM CST in effect for: Coffee, Cumberland, Fentress, Grundy, Overton, Putnam, Van Buren, Warren, White Winter Weather Advisory issued January 6 at 2:14PM CST expiring January 6 at 10:15PM CST in effect for: Chester, Crockett, Decatur, Haywood, Henderson, Lauderdale, Tipton Winter Weather Advisory issued January 6 at 2:44PM CST expiring January 7 at 12:00AM CST in effect for: Franklin, Lincoln, Moore Winter Weather Advisory issued January 6 at 12:07PM CST expiring January 7 at 12:00AM CST in effect for: Bedford, Cannon, Coffee, Cumberland, Davidson, DeKalb, Fentress, Giles, Grundy, Hickman, Jackson, Lawrence, Lewis, Marshall, Maury, Overton, Perry, Pickett, Putnam, Rutherford, Smith, Van Buren, Warren, Wayne, White, Williamson, Wilson Winter Weather Advisory issued January 6 at 6:00AM CST expiring January 7 at 12:00AM CST in effect for: Cheatham, Davidson, Dickson, Fentress, Houston, Humphreys, Jackson, Overton, Pickett, Putnam, Smith, Wilson Winter Weather Advisory issued January 6 at 6:00AM CST expiring January 7 at 12:00AM CST in effect for: Bedford, Cannon, Coffee, Cumberland, DeKalb, Giles, Grundy, Hickman, Lawrence, Lewis, Marshall, Maury, Perry, Rutherford, Van Buren, Warren, Wayne, White, Williamson 6 Weather Alerts 7 Closings & Delays Closings and current delays 7 Closings Alerts Snow Watch School Closings Suspect In 2 Nashville Robberies Arrested 10:20 PM, Dec 23, 2016 Share Article Copyright 2016 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next NASHVILLE, Tenn. - Metro Nashville Police officers arrested a man believed to be responsible for multiple robberies. MNPD officials said 32-year-old Joshua Hackett robbed a someone of their wallet in the Gallatin Pike Walmart Neighborhood Market parking lot Friday morning.  While officers were on the scene of the Walmart robbery, a second hold-up involving Hackett was reported at the Steak ‘n Shake on Myatt Drive. In that case, they said he again demanded money, and the cashier complied. Copyright 2016 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story Metro Bus Slides Off South Nashville Road Students were removed from a Metro Nashville School bus after it slid off a road in a residential area. No injuries were reported.  Metro Schools Defend Late Dismissal Call Metro Nashville Public Schools has defended its decision to dismiss students late after snow moved though the area.   Winter Weather Advisory In Effect Across Tenn. A Winter Weather Advisory remains in effect for many counties across Tennessee as a second round of snow moves through the area. 5 dead in Fort Lauderdale Airport shooting Five people have been killed in a shooting Friday at the Fort Lauderdale airport. BNA Increases Security Following Ft. Lauderdale The Nashville International Airport increased security shortly after five people were killed in a shooting at the Fort… TDOT Says Farewell To Fallen Colleague The Tennessee Department of Transportation honored one of their own who was killed while on the side of the road helping change a tire. … Snow Creates Headache For Drivers In Middle TN Several crashes have been reported in the Middle Tennessee area as snow accumulates on roadways.  Video Released Of Franklin Gun Store Burglary Police in Franklin said they're searching for three suspects in a gun store burglary. Min. Leader Taking ‘Serious Look' At Gov's Race State House Minority Leader Craig Fitzhugh said he has been taking a "serious look" at becoming a candidate to succeed term-limited Governor… News Sports Weather Traffic Talk of the Town NewsChannel 5+Support NewsChannel 5 Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Team Bios About Us Your Money As Seen on NC5 School Patrol TV Listings Laff Mobile Apps NewsChannel 5 iPhone iPad Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Stay Connected facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube Newsletters Scripps TV Station Group © 2015 The E.W. Scripps Co Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
Home News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings 11° F Few Clouds Hi: 20° F Lo: 13° F Today’s Forecast Radar 7-Day 5 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Latest Headlines BMI removes Kim Burrell from gospel trailblazers event Updated: 36 mins ago NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — The performing rights organization BMI is the latest group to distance itself from gospel singer Kim Burrell after v… UN chief sees ‘historic opportunity’ for Cyprus breakthrough Updated: 6 mins ago UNITED NATIONS (AP) — Secretary-General Antonio Guterres believes there is “a historic opportunity” for a breakthrough in upcoming negotiati… US ambassador meets goal _ visiting 189 UN missions Updated: 6 mins ago FBI releases documents related to San Bernardino iPhone Updated: 56 mins ago 911 recordings: Man found dead in Maryland woods was naked 8:18 pm Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada Current Conditions 11° F Few Clouds Feels Like: -1° F Wind: W 8 Humidity: 56% Dewpoint: -2° F Sunrise: 7:45 AM Sunset: 4:56 PM Buffalo Weather Forecast 7-Day Currently Buffalo Radar Sponsored by: News 4 Investigates News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Latest Headlines Agents in the air help protect the border November 15, 2016 Special Report Look up the next you visit one of Western New York’s landmarks, and there’s a chance you’ll see federal agents in the air. U.S. Customs and … Love Canal lawsuits continue 40 years later October 31, 2016 The fight over one of America’s worst hazardous waste sites may be far from over. Nearly forty years after tons of toxic waste poisoned part… WNY Family fighting for domestic violence registry October 5, 2016 EPA plans next phase of creek clean-up September 7, 2016 State audit critical of nursing home enforcement procedures August 10, 2016 Sports Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Latest Headlines Akron wins 25th straight at home, 66-59 over W. Michigan Updated: 2 mins ago AKRON, Ohio (AP) — Isaiah Johnson had 16 points and 13 rebounds Friday night and Akron used a strong finish to beat Western Michigan 66-59. … Local athlete played on national junior hockey team 5:49 pm The tournament concluded on Thursday. UMaine women’s hoops coach takes indefinite medical leave Updated: 2 mins ago No. 6 Kentucky encouraged by defensive results Updated: 13 mins ago Pinson set to return for No. 14 UNC against rival NC State Updated: 2 mins ago Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings Search for: Search the site 11° F Few Clouds Hi: 20° F Lo: 13° F Buffalo Police officers give back to area children By Rachele Mongiovi, News 4 Reporter Published: December 23, 2016, 11:00 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) — Protecting and serving by day, then giving back at night. Christmas came early for some very thankful children this year. Happening now: Shop with a cop at Walmart in Cheektowaga! So many exciting kids! @news4buffalo pic.twitter.com/rxRIgpUHpS — Rachele Mongiovi (@4RacheleM) December 23, 2016 “I got a fart gun and I got roller skates and I got a sword, said 7 year-old Khristian Carr. Buffalo Police officers are reaching into their own pockets and making Christmas extra special for less fortunate kids. “A lot of us are involved with the community outside of work, a lot of us coach baseball or are involved with pop warner football, so it’s just a way we can give back to people that we serve in the community,” said Kenneth Agee, Buffalo PD. The ‘Shop with a Cop’ program allows police officers to buy Christmas presents for children in the community. Each officer buys the gifts themselves. On average they spend about $100 per kid. “It’s a genuine good feeling, it really is, especially for the Christmas season to be able to give back to the community,” said Bradford Pitts, Buffalo PD. Most kids picked out gifts they’ve wanted all year, while others wanted to give than to receive. “I’m not really getting a lot of things for myself because that would seem a lot more selfish, so instead today I’m buying something for my brother and something for my mom,” said Ahmire Morgan, 11 years-old. The officers say being apart of this program helps bridge the gap between them and the community. “It shows that cops have a sense of humanity to them, we’re not just cops you see on TV, we’re actually humans in the community just like other people in the community,” said Pitts. But, without evening knowing it, these officers are doing a lot more than breaking barriers. “I really appreciate this because I never got to do this, I never got a time where I can spend just a whole day with another male other than my father,” said Morgan. During the shopping trip, Walmart gave another $50 to each child to spend on gifts. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related Posts Hundreds of volunteers help City Mission deliver thousands of Thanksgiving meals Buffalo woman gives ultimate gift and saves nephew’s life with liver transplant Community comes together to make Christmas special for shooting survivor Juan Rodriguez Former legislator continues tree giving tradition Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WIVB.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Note: Comments containing links are not allowed. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Latest Stories Trending Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIVB News 4 Buffalo, NY © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather Investigative Sports Report It Watch News 4 Live Station Contact Us Send a Birthday Photo Advertise Careers Internship Application Broadcast Scholarship Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Report More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Calendar Contests Community Staff Bios Our Partners CW23 WNLO Media General CBS CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Rewards Classifieds Homes Jobs Cars Biz Chattanooga, TN 27° View Live Radar Sat H 29° L 16° Sun H 34° L 20° Mon H 42° L 30° Weather Sponsored By: Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Search Classifieds Classifieds. Sell your Stuff Buy Stuff Biz. Offer your Services Find a Service Cars. Sell your Car Find a Car Cars Trucks Jobs. Post a Job Find a Job Homes. List your Property Find Property Find Rental Property HomeFinder Retail hours for last minute shoppers Retail hours for last minute shoppers December 24th, 2016 by Staff and wire reports in Business Around the Region Large Christmas decorations hang inside Hamilton Place Mall as shoppers take advantage of Black Friday sales. Photo by Tim Barber /Times Free Press. POLL: Will you do last-minute Christmas shopping today? Yes No Submit Results Yes: 30.19% (32) No: 69.81% (74) Total Responses: 106 Christmas is upon us! But perhaps you have run out of wrapping paper. Or you have to do some last-minute shopping. Or you really need a cup of coffee that wasn't made by someone you are related to. What do you do? Where can you go? Which stores are even open? First and foremost, coffee. Starbucks said most of its stores will be open today until as late as 8 p.m. and most will also be open on Christmas Day for those of you who need caffeine to power through late-night gift wrapping or the crack-of-dawn frenzy of kids unwrapping presents. (Also known as "the joy of a child's Christmas.") If you are more of a Dunkin' Donuts person, you may be in luck, although local stores will be open only until 2 p.m. today. Michelle King, a spokeswoman, said many of its locations will also be open on Christmas Day. The three Chattanooga-area malls operated by CBL & Associates Properties — Hamilton Place and Northgate Mall in Chattanooga and Walnut Square Mall in Dalton— are open today until 6 p.m and will be closed for Christmas on Sunday. Some stores at Bradley Square Mall will stay open as late as 9 p.m. tonight but will also be closed Sunday. For last-minute gift-shopping and unforeseen household needs, Wal-Mart will be open until 6 p.m. on Christmas Eve but is closed on Christmas Day, the only day of the year that Wal-Mart does not open. Target will close at 10 or 11 p.m. on Christmas Eve and also will close on Christmas Day. What if those cousins you weren't expecting suddenly show up for dinner, leaving you short on food? You might have a tough time, as several major grocery stores will be closed on Christmas. Food City will close at 6 p.m. tonight and be closed on Sunday. You'll have to buy your subs from Publix before 7 p.m. on Christmas Eve. It will be closed on Christmas Day. If you are looking to go out to eat on Sunday, area Waffle Houses, IHOP and Huddle Houses will be open, along with many of Chattanooga's finer eateries, including Ruth's Chris Steakhouse, Back Inn Cafe, The Chattanoogan and Fuji Steakhouse, among others. CVS is also open on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day, although hours will vary store to store. "It would be best for customers to check with their store," said Stephanie Cunha, a spokeswoman. Walgreen's will be a sure bet, though. Its 24-hour locations will operate on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day, and its non-24-hour stores will be open from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. on Christmas Day and until midnight on Christmas Eve. More Articles Read previous article Test Drive: Mazda CX-9 full review Read next article Marriage Licenses Chattanooga Times Free Press Loading... Latest Articles Winter weather could lead to late newspaper delivery Winter weather update for the Chattanooga area Chattanooga to spend $1.5 million in cleanup of old Lupton City mill site Meeting with companies interested in operating Fall Creek Falls met by protestors [photos] Man who shot robber 11 times, killed him won't face criminal charges McKamey Animal Center offers free spaying, neutering for feral cats Marion County toddler's death ruled homicide Monsignor G.E. Schmidt remembered as leader who 'called the best out of people' Chattanooga area closings, delays as winter storm approaches [video] Walker County local transit system closing on Friday due to weather Female inmate found dead in Fort Payne, Ala., jail Three people arrested on drug charges in separate traffic stops in DeKalb County, Ala.
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 32,153 David Blaine shot in the mouth as dangerous stunt goes wrong 30,442 Ben Affleck's mystery gal pal is a detox nurse 29,066 Airport shooter was treated at mental hospital after bizarre encounter with FBI: report 24,939 Airport shooter is a former member of the military 23,535 Ivanka's heckler gets real quiet 21,063 The 16 best bakeries in America Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy News Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Sloshed trucker takes a tumble after being pulled over by cops By David K. Li View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) December 23, 2016 | 1:09am A tubby trucker turned his big rig into a barreling bar — and drunkenly zigzagged all over a Minnesota highway, according to reports. Jonathan Czech, 45, of Isle, Minn., could barely control the Walmart semi as it crossed lanes, struck a sign and finally came to rest on the shoulder. A state trooper’s dashcam captured remarkable footage of Czech on his wild ride on US 10 in Morrison County on July 16. The video emerged this week on KMSP, a Fox affiliate in the Twin Cities. When the bumbling “Minnesota Fats” was asked to step out of the cab, he fell to the pavement, crawled on his hands and knees and then struggled to get up. Two bottles of vodka were found in the cab, with one open and some of the hard stuff consumed, cops said. “You feel the effects of the alcohol you drank?” the trooper could be heard asking on the dashcam video. “Yup,” responded Czech, who later blew a .28 blood-alcohol level, more than three times the legal limit. While the semi had a Walmart logo on it, Czech actually worked for a contract trucking company, Crete Carrier Corp. “We contacted Crete Carrier Corporation to express our concerns,” a Walmart rep told ABC News. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under drunk driving ,  minnesota ,  trucks Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Trump not interested in 'A-list' performers at inauguratio... Read Next Trump not interested in 'A-list' performers at inauguratio... Most Popular This Week 1 Mariah Carey closes 2016 with disastrous NYE performance 2 Science says these are the men who will make you orgasm 3 Ivanka's heckler gets real quiet 4 Mariah's team says NYE performance was 'sabotaged' for ratings 5 Mariah Carey to blame for NYE disaster, insiders say 6 Special-needs man tortured while attackers livestream it on Facebook Share Selection Trending Now in News 32,731 David Blaine shot in the mouth as dangerous stunt goes wrong 30,766 Ben Affleck's mystery gal pal is a detox nurse 29,155 Airport shooter was treated at mental hospital after bizarre encounter with FBI: report Now On Carrie Fisher’s urn is a giant Prozac pill David Blaine shot in the mouth as dangerous stunt goes wrong David Bowie didn’t know he was dying until three months before the end SEE ALL Now On 'The Deleted' Is "A Softcore Porn Thriller For Teens" SEE ALL Most Popular This Week Mariah Carey closes 2016 with disastrous NYE performance Science says these are the men who will make you... Ivanka's heckler gets real quiet Mariah's team says NYE performance was 'sabotaged' for ratings Mariah Carey to blame for NYE disaster, insiders say More Stories pagesix Ben Affleck's mystery gal pal is a detox nurse Now On Decider ‘Escorts’ Takes An Unflinching Look Into What It’s Like To Be A Call Girl nypost David Blaine shot in the mouth as dangerous stunt goes wrong New York Post Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Twitter Facebook Instagram Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Skip to Content 2° Mostly cloudy. Chilly. More ▼ ▲ Sign In ▼▲sub menu toggleNews CKNW In-Depth Housing News How True Is It? World News Business Traffic Summer Road Work ▼▲sub menu toggleShows Schedule The Jon McComb Show The Simi Sara Show Steele & Drex Global News Hour at 6 Charles Adler Tonight Weekend Programming Specialty Programming Coast to Coast Reality Check with Bruce Allen Money Talks All Shows ▼▲sub menu toggleOn Demand Original Podcasts Past Shows Audio Vault ▼▲sub menu toggleInsiders Concerts & Events Contests Blogs Orphans Fund ▼▲sub menu toggleAbout Contact Us Ways to Listen Connect HD Radio News/Talk Team #BCStorm Menu Listen Live On Air Now Account Sign In Home ▼▲sub menu toggleNews CKNW In-Depth Housing News How True Is It? World News Business Traffic Summer Road Work ▼▲sub menu toggleShows Schedule The Jon McComb Show The Simi Sara Show Steele & Drex Global News Hour at 6 Charles Adler Tonight Weekend Programming Specialty Programming Coast to Coast Reality Check with Bruce Allen Money Talks All Shows ▼▲sub menu toggleOn Demand Original Podcasts Past Shows Audio Vault ▼▲sub menu toggleInsiders Concerts & Events Contests Blogs Orphans Fund ▼▲sub menu toggleAbout Contact Us Ways to Listen Connect HD Radio News/Talk Team #BCStorm ▼▲sub menu toggle Emergency Contact Us CKNW Orphans Fund Radio Advertising Careers Stock Images Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. ON AIR NOW6:00 PM - 7:00 PMGlobal News Hour at 6 Edmonton Sun Adopt-A-Teen meets holiday goal Kerry McAthey December 23, 2016 09:01 pm The Edmonton Sun Adopt-A-Teen program saw something of a Christmas miracle on the last day of donations. Just a couple of days ago, the organization had received less than half of the donations it would require to meet its goal. Adopt-A-Teen provides kids ages 13 to 17 with $50 dollar Wal-Mart gift cards, allowing the teens to choose a present while still waking up Christmas morning to a gift under the tree. On the last day of donations, Adopt-A-Teen campaign chair Graham Hicks said donations increased enough for them to meet their goal. “Calls poured in for donations, and the online donation process was going crazy,” said Hicks. ” And we suddenly realized by about 3 o’clock, that by golly, we were going to be able to take care of every teen this year. So, it was a huge relief and thank you, thank you Edmonton.” Adopt-A-Teen picks up where 630CHED Santas Anonymous leaves off to ensure all Edmonton youths have a merry Christmas. They work closely with Santas and the Christmas Bureau. “Edmontonians come through every year at the last minute,” Hicks said. “Every kid in Edmonton on Christmas day from age 0 to 17, will have a gift. And that makes me very proud of this city.” Like other charities in Alberta, Adopt-A-Teen saw a decrease in large donations from businesses who couldn’t afford to make their usual contributions due to the struggling economy. Despite the downturn, the city came through for its youth. “We were particularly worried this year because demand was up and supply was down,” Hicks explained. “A lot more people are unemployed, suddenly a lot more moms and dads aren’t making the kind of money that they were a year ago. So it was really a bit of a herculean effort on the part of Edmontonians to make sure they were all taken care of.” Hicks said teens are often forgot in the shuffle of Christmas charities, and can be difficult to buy for. He added that Edmonton’s data base at the Christmas Bureau, and team work between Adopt-A-Teen and 630CHED Santas Anonymous, creates a unique system that ensures all Edmonton less fortunate are taken care of during the holidays. (KLM) 1 Comment Trending More Latest More Vancouver Traffic Tweets by @AM730Traffic Current Traffic Incidents You May Also Like More News Site C Dam construction hits environmental snag 17 minutes ago BC Hydro is facing a possible federal order for falling foul of environmental regulations at the Site... Read More Police investigate Surrey shooting 47 minutes ago The roads may now be open but the RCMP is continuing to investigate a shooting that reportedly took... Read More Richmond family struggling to get back on its feet after devastating house fire 1 hour ago It's been anything but a happy new year for one Richmond family, now struggling to get back on their... Read More Steele & Drex: Making sure your home is fire safe in the winter 56 minutes ago An East Vancouver neighbourhood is still reeling from a tragic house fire that left a toddler dead and... Read More More News Emergency Contact Us CKNW Orphans Fund Radio Advertising Careers Stock Images Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.
Search Contact Us Advertise My Account facebook twitter youtube google_plus linkedin RSS Menu News Crime Business Legal Sports Team Spotlight College signings Obituaries Features Spotlight Arts & Entertainment Commentary Announcements Births Recipes Religion Puzzles Contribute Submit a news tip Submit a sports tip Submit a letter to the editor Submit a calendar event Obituary Information Birth announcement form Anniversary announcement form Engagement announcement form Wedding announcement form Financial Institution Guide questionnaire Women In Small Business Suggestion Box Contests Greater Alton Sports Trivia answer Granite City Sports Trivia answer Edwardsville Sports Trivia answer Pro Picks Challenge Reader's Choice 2016 Nominations - Granite City Advertise Business advertising Garage Sales Classifieds Sunday circulars Love Lines Novena ad Celebration ad Memorial ad Graduation ad Bridal Event Booth Space Veterans Day ad Events Submit events Garage Sales About Contact us Pickup locations Careers Archives Crime Business Legal Home News Festivity at the Farm Festivity at the Farm by David Colburn December 24, 2016 12:00 AM Back to Search Results RSS Print A festive Christmas came early Dec. 14 for the Venture Crew at Beverly Farm. Beginning at 6 p.m., the group’s Scouts gathered in the commons for savory snacks, fruit punch and a special visitor direct from the North Pole. Activity Manager Krista Kell says this year’s Christmas party marks the 10th anniversary of the Venture Crew’s collaboration with Toys for Tots. Through extensive volunteering — especially recycling aluminum cans — the crew has donated more than $2,000 worth of toys to the cause over the past 10 years. Venture Crew No. 2630 began in 1989 through the Lewis and Clark Council of the Boy Scouts of America for Beverly Farm residents who wanted to continue with the Scouting program after reaching the maximum age. Some 10 years ago, the council began allowing the Venture Crew to have regular Scouts who can earn merit badges. This year, the Scouts were on a budget of $250 — half for boys and half for girls — to select the most fun-filled and ideal gifts from the Godfrey Walmart. The toys were gathered by the Marine Corps League for 40 Scouts to hand out on Dec. 17 at the Wood River VFW Hall, 231 E. Edwardsville Road. “You couldn’t wipe a smile off of any of their faces when they work at the handouts,” Toys for Tots Coordinator Glenn Heimer said. “They work their butts off all day and they love it.” In honor of the 10th anniversary, Heimer received a special gift himself — a canvas of the Toys for Tots logo personally painted by a Scout. Rosalie Huebner, vice president of the Marine Corps League’s 5th District and a liaison to the Scouts, was also honored at the party with a hand-crafted painting for her continuous support. In setting up for the party, a number of residents created and provided artwork through Beverly Farm’s I’m an Artist program, as well as making ornaments and decorating Christmas trees. “It’s very hands-on,” Kell said. In what many might consider the highlight of the evening, Santa — played once again by Richard Knoche — and Mrs. Claus were joyfully escorted to the center stage by two Scouts following a welcome of thunderous applause. “This is his favorite place to play Santa,” Kell said. “It’s so great to watch everyone go up and say ‘hello’ to Santa, and make such a big deal about it.” As a sign of their heartwarming gratitude, the Scouts presented Santa a special picture book of last year’s visit to Beverly Farm before receiving their own gifts. Such consideration defines the holiday spirit of the Venture Crew, on both Christmas day and every other day of the year. “When you walk into the party, you’re greeted with hugs,” Kell said. “They really know how to make you feel like a celebrity here. It truly embodies what friendship and giving is all about.” Beverly Farm, 6301 Humbert Road in Godfrey, serves nearly 400 individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities. Dr. William H.C. Smith and his wife, Elizabeth, founded the community in 1897. “People seek us throughout the country,” Beverly Farm Marketing Director Cody Hinkle said. “They’re able to see the beauty of Godfrey and experience the Godfrey area. Most people love it and think it’s beautiful.” Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter Tags Beverly Farm Wood River featured by David Colburn December 24, 2016 12:00 AM Event Calendar January Concerts & Live Music Leisure & Recreation Open Mic Night at Piasa Winery Jan 6, 2017 7:00 PM - 11:00 PM Piasa Winery and Pub Food & Drink Leisure & Recreation Friday Bike Night Jan 6, 2017 6:00 PM - 11:00 PM Hawg Pit BBQ Barn Library Bucks! Jan 7, 2017 12:00 AM Six Mile Regional Library District- Johnson Road Branch Volunteer Opportunity Volunteers Needed at the Community Center Call Today! Jan 7, 2017 12:00 AM Main Street Community Center Education & Learning Winter Reading 2017 Jan 7, 2017 12:00 AM Six Mile Regional Library District-Niedringhaus Building Bingo Fun for Kids Leisure & Recreation Winter Reading Library Bingo Jan 7, 2017 12:00 AM Six Mile Regional Library District- Niedringhaus Building Concerts & Live Music Food & Drink DJ & Karaoke at Alton Sports Tap Jan 6, 2017 9:00 AM - 1:00 AM Alton Sports Tap Intermediate/Advanced Yoga Jan 7, 2017 9:00 AM - 10:30 AM YWCA Yoga Yoga @ Senior Services Plus Jan 7, 2017 10:30 AM - 12:30 PM Senior Services Plus Fun for Kids Teen Wii Games Jan 7, 2017 1:00 PM - 4:00 PM Six Mile Regional Library February Library Bucks! Feb 1, 2017 12:00 AM Six Mile Regional Library District- Johnson Road Branch Volunteer Opportunity Volunteers Needed at the Community Center Call Today! Feb 1, 2017 12:00 AM Main Street Community Center Education & Learning Winter Reading 2017 Feb 1, 2017 12:00 AM Six Mile Regional Library District-Niedringhaus Building Bingo Fun for Kids Leisure & Recreation Winter Reading Library Bingo Feb 1, 2017 12:00 AM Six Mile Regional Library District- Niedringhaus Building Meeting Meet with a Veteran Service Officer Feb 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 12:00 PM Lewis & Clark Community College Health & Wellness FREE CONFIDENTIAL WALK-IN HIV Feb 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 3:00 PM MadCAP Chair Yoga Feb 1, 2017 9:30 AM Granite City Township Hall Fitness Health & Wellness Meditation Sports Yoga Chair Yoga Feb 1, 2017 9:30 AM - 10:15 AM Granite City Township Hall Bingo Leisure & Recreation Bingo Feb 1, 2017 9:30 AM - 11:30 AM Senior Services Plus Bingo Bingo Feb 1, 2017 9:30 AM - 11:30 AM Senior Services Plus March Library Bucks! Mar 1, 2017 12:00 AM Six Mile Regional Library District- Johnson Road Branch Volunteer Opportunity Volunteers Needed at the Community Center Call Today! Mar 1, 2017 12:00 AM Main Street Community Center Meeting Meet with a Veteran Service Officer Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 12:00 PM Lewis & Clark Community College Health & Wellness FREE CONFIDENTIAL WALK-IN HIV Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 3:00 PM MadCAP Chair Yoga Mar 1, 2017 9:30 AM Granite City Township Hall Fitness Health & Wellness Meditation Sports Yoga Chair Yoga Mar 1, 2017 9:30 AM - 10:15 AM Granite City Township Hall Bingo Bingo Mar 1, 2017 9:30 AM - 11:30 AM Senior Services Plus Bingo Leisure & Recreation Bingo Mar 1, 2017 9:30 AM - 11:30 AM Senior Services Plus Yoga Yoga @ Senior Services Plus Mar 1, 2017 10:30 AM - 12:30 PM Senior Services Plus Leisure & Recreation Parties & Clubs Pinochle For Everyone Mar 1, 2017 12:00 PM Bethalto Senior Citizens Center April Library Bucks! Apr 1, 2017 12:00 AM Six Mile Regional Library District- Johnson Road Branch Volunteer Opportunity Volunteers Needed at the Community Center Call Today! Apr 1, 2017 12:00 AM Main Street Community Center Intermediate/Advanced Yoga Apr 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 10:30 AM YWCA Concerts & Live Music Food & Drink DJ & Karaoke at Alton Sports Tap Apr 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 1:00 AM Alton Sports Tap Yoga Yoga @ Senior Services Plus Apr 1, 2017 10:30 AM - 12:30 PM Senior Services Plus Fun for Kids Teen Wii Games Apr 1, 2017 1:00 PM - 4:00 PM Six Mile Regional Library Fun for Kids Teen Wii Games at this Pokestop Apr 1, 2017 1:00 PM - 4:00 PM Six Mile Regional Library Counseling & Support Groups Meeting Alton Saturday Al-anon Family Group Apr 1, 2017 4:30 PM - 5:30 PM Wellspring Resources Health & Wellness Meeting Saturday Alton Al-anon Apr 1, 2017 4:30 PM - 5:30 PM Wellspring Resources Leisure & Recreation Bingo Apr 1, 2017 7:00 PM South Roxana Dad's Club May Fun for Kids Kids & Family Leisure & Recreation Family Coloring Night May 1, 2017 12:00 AM Six Mile Regional Library Library Bucks! May 1, 2017 12:00 AM Six Mile Regional Library District- Johnson Road Branch Volunteer Opportunity Volunteers Needed at the Community Center Call Today! May 1, 2017 12:00 AM Main Street Community Center Education & Learning Foxes Grove Coffee and Conversations May 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 10:00 AM Foxes Grove Supportive Living Community Education & Learning Foxes Grove Supportive Living Community Speaker Series (Seniors Making Moves) May 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 10:00 AM Foxes Grove Supportive Living Community Presentation Monthly Speaker Series at Foxes Grove May 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 10:00 AM Foxes Grove Supportive Living Community Health & Wellness FREE CONFIDENTIAL WALK-IN HIV May 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 3:00 PM MadCAP Dance Country Line Dancing May 1, 2017 9:30 AM - 11:30 AM Bethalto Senior Citizens Center Yoga Yoga @ Senior Services Plus May 1, 2017 10:30 AM - 12:30 PM Senior Services Plus Education & Learning German Club 12:00-1:30 May 1, 2017 12:00 PM Senior Services Plus June Library Bucks! Jun 1, 2017 12:00 AM Six Mile Regional Library District- Johnson Road Branch Volunteer Opportunity Volunteers Needed at the Community Center Call Today! Jun 1, 2017 12:00 AM Main Street Community Center Meeting Office Hours Jun 1, 2017 8:00 AM Alton City Hall Class Fitness Health & Wellness Stretch & Move Classes Jun 1, 2017 8:00 AM Main Street Community Center Class Fitness Health & Wellness Stretch & Move Classes Jun 1, 2017 8:00 AM - 9:00 AM Main Street Community Center Health & Wellness FREE CONFIDENTIAL WALK-IN HIV Jun 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 3:00 PM MadCAP Meeting Church Women United Meetings Jun 1, 2017 9:30 AM St. John United Church of Christ Yoga Yoga @ Senior Services Plus Jun 1, 2017 10:30 AM - 12:30 PM Senior Services Plus Education & Learning For Women Only Religion & Spirituality Bible Study Group Jun 1, 2017 12:00 PM Women’s Ministry Center Charity & Fundraisers Free Clothes Closet: every Thursday! Jun 1, 2017 12:00 PM Calvary Baptist Church-Granite City July Library Bucks! Jul 1, 2017 12:00 AM Six Mile Regional Library District- Johnson Road Branch Volunteer Opportunity Volunteers Needed at the Community Center Call Today! Jul 1, 2017 12:00 AM Main Street Community Center Intermediate/Advanced Yoga Jul 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 10:30 AM YWCA Concerts & Live Music Food & Drink DJ & Karaoke at Alton Sports Tap Jul 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 1:00 AM Alton Sports Tap Yoga Yoga @ Senior Services Plus Jul 1, 2017 10:30 AM - 12:30 PM Senior Services Plus Fun for Kids Teen Wii Games Jul 1, 2017 1:00 PM - 4:00 PM Six Mile Regional Library Fun for Kids Teen Wii Games at this Pokestop Jul 1, 2017 1:00 PM - 4:00 PM Six Mile Regional Library Counseling & Support Groups Meeting Alton Saturday Al-anon Family Group Jul 1, 2017 4:30 PM - 5:30 PM Wellspring Resources Health & Wellness Meeting Saturday Alton Al-anon Jul 1, 2017 4:30 PM - 5:30 PM Wellspring Resources Leisure & Recreation Bingo Jul 1, 2017 7:00 PM South Roxana Dad's Club August Library Bucks! Aug 1, 2017 12:00 AM Six Mile Regional Library District- Johnson Road Branch Volunteer Opportunity Volunteer Opportunity Aug 1, 2017 12:00 AM Main Street Community Center Volunteer Opportunity Volunteers Needed at the Community Center Call Today! Aug 1, 2017 12:00 AM Main Street Community Center Class Fitness Health & Wellness Stretch & Move Classes Aug 1, 2017 8:00 AM Main Street Community Center Food & Drink Coffee and Conversation-McCully Heritage Project Aug 1, 2017 8:00 AM - 9:00 AM McCully Heritage Project Farm House or Pavilion Class Fitness Health & Wellness Stretch & Move Classes Aug 1, 2017 8:00 AM - 9:00 AM Main Street Community Center Crafts Are You Socially Crafty? Aug 1, 2017 9:00 AM Main Street Community Center Crafts Quilting Aug 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 11:00 AM Jarvis Township Senior Citizens Center Health & Wellness FREE CONFIDENTIAL WALK-IN HIV Aug 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 3:00 PM MadCAP Fun for Kids Bumblebee Playgroup Aug 1, 2017 9:30 AM - 10:15 AM Edwardsville Children's Museum Search Events Submit Yours Obituaries Sports News Crime Business Legal Sports Team Spotlight College signings Obituaries Features Spotlight Arts & Entertainment Commentary Announcements Births Recipes Religion Puzzles Contribute Submit a news tip Submit a sports tip Submit a letter to the editor Submit a calendar event Obituary Information Birth announcement form Anniversary announcement form Engagement announcement form Wedding announcement form Financial Institution Guide questionnaire Women In Small Business Suggestion Box Contests Greater Alton Sports Trivia answer Granite City Sports Trivia answer Edwardsville Sports Trivia answer Pro Picks Challenge Reader's Choice 2016 Nominations - Granite City Advertise Business advertising Garage Sales Classifieds Sunday circulars Love Lines Novena ad Celebration ad Memorial ad Graduation ad Bridal Event Booth Space Veterans Day ad Events Submit events Garage Sales About Contact us Pickup locations Careers Archives Crime Business Legal Contact Us Advertise My Account AdVantage News | 235A East Center Drive, Alton, IL 62002 | Phone: 618.463.0612 | Copyright 2014 Built with Metro Publisher™
Hot Topics: Latest police blotters Fall Harvest Car Show top 50 Addressing FM biz rumors Alzheimer's Walk Chat with Coroner Obits Print   Email   Font Resize Police & Courts Fort Morgan Police Department blotter Posted:   12/23/2016 07:16:45 PM MST Editor's Note: The Fort Morgan Times relies on reports from law enforcement to create the blotter. All charges are alleged by law enforcement and may not reflect the charges filed by the court. All individuals are considered innocent until proven guilty by the law. Dec 3. Police responded to a no injury accident at the intersection of Ensign and West Platte. Orestes Plasencia, 36, of Brush was charged with passing on the right when not permitted or safe. Dec. 8 Police responded to a no injury accident at the intersection of State and Eighth involving an unknown hit and run. Police responded to a no injury accident at the intersection of Simpson and Ninth. Matthew Schrum, 17, of Fort Morgan was charged with exceeding a safe speed for conditions. Dec. 9 Police responded to a no injury accident at the intersection of Platte and Prospect. Kevin Cadwalader, 33, of Brush was charged with failure to drive in a single lane. Police are investigating a case of forgery at J's Check Cashing at 131 Sherman St. Hasan Ali Mohamud, 28, of Fort Morgan was arrested on a failure to appear warrant, and on displaying expired temporary tags on the 900 block of Main St. $500 bond. Police are investigating a case of attempted theft and attempted motor vehicle theft on the 100 block of Gateway. Eleazar Vallejo, 19, of Fort Morgan was issued a summons to appear on the charge of a dog at large. Advertisement Police are investigating a case of vandalism of a damaged window valued at $500 that occurred between Dec. 5 and Dec. 9 on the 700 block of East Seventh Ave. Marty Marchland, 39, of Brush was arrested for shoplifting at Walmart on 1300 Barlow Rd and released on a summons to appear. Property stolen and recovered was a camping stove valued at $17.63. Police are investigating a case of burglary of power tools and hand tools valued at $1,000 that occurred between Dec. 9 and Dec. 10 on the 600 block of Commerce. Dec. 11 Police responded to a no injury accident at the intersection of Sherman and Railroad. Tammy Payne, 53, of Bovey, MN was charged failing to stop at a red light. Dec. 14 A juvenile was arrested on the 700 block of East Riverview Avenue on the charges of theft of an Apple iPhone. Police recovered the item and the juvenile was released to a parent on summons to appear. Dec. 16 Lucindia Schnegelberger, 48, of Fort Morgan was issued a summons to appear for having a dog at large and a harassing animal on 600 block of Dahlia. Police are investigating a case of harassment and domestic violence that occurred on the 1000 block of Deuel. Dec. 18 Carlos Sandobal, 21, of Fort Morgan was arrested on charges of DUI, DUI Per Se, and failure to drive in a single lane on the 17000 block of HWY 144. $1,000 bond. Isaiah Lopez, 20, of Fort Morgan was arrested on a failure to appear warrant on the 200 block of South Sherman. $300 bond. Nayeli Mateos, 23, of Fort Morgan and Jannet Contreras, 27 of Fort Morgan were arrested on the charge of shoplifting at Walmart located at 1300 Barlow Rd. Property stolen and recovered included cleaning products, and make-up valued at $149.24. Both were released on a summons. Dec. 19 Police are investigating a case of theft and first degree trespassing on the 600 block of Lake St. that occurred between Dec. 18 and Dec. 19. Property stolen includes a purse and contents. Pablo Bartolo, 24, of Fort Morgan was arrested on the charges of criminal mischief on the 700 block of Deuel St. Property damaged was a window valued at $100. $300 bond. Dec. 20 Police continue to investigate a case of vandalism that occurred on Oct. 7 on 100 block of East Burlington. Property stolen was a Nissan valued at $4,000. Police are investigating a case of theft that occurred between Dec. 19 and Dec. 20 on the 900 block of Barlow Rd. Property stolen includes a cordless drill and battery valued at $200. Return to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES BBB top ten scams of 2016 Fort Morgan Police Department The New Year rings in plenty of action for local law enforcement   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Gold Krugerrand dropped into Louisville Salvation Army kettle - CBS46 News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Local News Crime Cobb DeKalb Fulton Gwinnett Other Counties Georgia Politics US and World News North Georgia drought and wildfires Traffic Gas Prices Web Links News Tips WeatheRate & 3° Guarantee 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Weekend Forecast Photo Friday Current Temperatures Interactive Map Live Radar Weather Maps Daily Pollen Count Weather Cams with Radar School Closings Download the CBS46 Weather App Photos CBS46 Live Stream Watch CBS Shows Metro Atlanta HD Live Look Cams Better Call Harry Videos Ticket Tuesday Positively Georgia CBS46 Cares Books to Kids Events Atlanta Falcons Atlanta Braves Atlanta Hawks SEC College Sports News Meet the Staff Program Schedule Watch CBS Shows Peachtree TV CBS46 Deals Job openings Internships Contests Closed Captioning Connect With CBS46 Print Gold Krugerrand dropped into Louisville Salvation Army kettle Posted: Friday, December 23, 2016 10:04 AM EST Updated: Friday, December 30, 2016 10:04 AM EST By Charles Gazaway, Digital Content Producer Email Connect cgazaway@wave3.com Follow @wave3news The Gold Krugerrand coin (Source: Jeff Knight, WAVE 3 News) LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - When employees of The Salvation Army were counting the money from Thursday's Red kettle campaign, they discovered that someone had dropped in a gold coin worth more than $1,100. The Gold Krugerrand was dropped into a kettle at the Walmart at Bashford Manor. MORE FROM WAVE3.COM + Simpsonville native appointed as Shelby County judge + Volunteers pack ‘boxes of love’ for needy military families + Former UofL player surprises patients at Norton Children's Hospital Major Roy Williams of The Salvation Army Louisville Command said the generous donation will help. "With just two days to go in our campaign and still about $3,500 short of where we were a year ago at this time, this was welcome news," said Williams in a news release announcing the finding of the coin. "Finding the gold coin really underscores the generosity of this great community and it reaffirms that folks continue to support our mission after 133 years in Louisville; it’s truly a blessing so close to Christmas." The Red Kettle campaign, now in 126th year, wraps up at 2 p.m. Christmas Eve. The hope is to raise $475,000. The money will be used to support programs and services operated by The Salvation Army. Copyright 2016 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved. Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> weather Sleet, freezing rain reported in north metro Atlanta Winter storm warning in Atlanta to start at 4 p.m. Friday Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 7:42 PM EST2017-01-07 00:42:53 GMT As temperatures continue to cool, sleet and freezing rain is now being reported in north metro Atlanta, as far south as Alpharetta and north Fulton County. More > As temperatures continue to cool, sleet and freezing rain is now being reported in north metro Atlanta, as far south as Alpharetta and north Fulton County.More > Popular Atlanta chef found dead Popular Atlanta chef found dead Updated: Wednesday, January 4 2017 11:59 PM EST2017-01-05 04:59:58 GMT Flowers lay at the door of 8ARM Restaurant on Ponce de Leon in memory of a chef gone too soon. More > Flowers lay at the door of 8ARM Restaurant on Ponce de Leon in memory of a chef gone too soon.More > Georgia counties with the highest percentage of residents receiving public assistance Georgia counties with the highest percentage of residents receiving public assistance Updated: Monday, January 2 2017 11:56 AM EST2017-01-02 16:56:24 GMT Source: MGN Online Although the U.S. economy is continuing to improve, many people are still having a tough time recovering from the recession. Take a look at the counties in Georgia with the highest percentage of resident receiving public assistance. More > Although the U.S. economy is continuing to improve, many people are still having a tough time recovering from the recession. Take a look at the counties in Georgia with the highest percentage of resident receiving public assistance.More > News Video Weather Photos Station Meet the Staff Program Schedule Job Openings Online Public File Closed Captioning Childrens Programming FCC EEO Public File Report Public File Contact All content © 2000- 2017 WGCL-TV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Subscribe Today   Customer Service  P-Edition  Advertise Top Workplaces UnidosSC.com Weather Home News Sports Entertainment Business Life Opinion Blogs Cannifornian Obits Press-Enterprise Rewards CARS JOBS HOMES DEALS Classifieds Real EstateColumnsInsiderMarketsLocal ProfilesRetail Business More than one holiday is over: Gasoline prices headed for $3 News SeaWorld: Tilikum, orca profiled in documentary 'Blackfish,' has died News San Jacinto tightens pot laws Entertainment 2017 list of festivals, fairs and events in the Inland Empire and Southern California Business How youngsters can become smart investors Owning stocks helps younger people get a glimpse of markets and how they are structured Tweet    Riverside Yellow Pages THINGS TO DO     By STEVE ROSEN / CONTRIBUTING COLUMNIST Published: Dec. 21, 2016 Updated: Dec. 23, 2016 2:45 p.m. How youngsters can become smart investors Print Photo Share Pin It More Galleries     Related article » It’s a popular notion that learning about buying and selling stocks at an early age can spark an interest in investing that will last a lifetime. Mutual funds, low-cost stock purchase programs and state-sponsored 529 college savings plans combine kid-friendly investing with opportunities to learn about Wall Street and all the ways to make and lose money. Here are some investing options that not only make for great presents but have real financial value. �• Buy shares directly through the company by taking advantage of DRIPs, short for dividend reinvestment plans. More than 1,300 companies, including Nike, McDonald’s, Wal-Mart and Walt Disney, offer such stock purchase programs, which allow you to buy shares in small batches. Disney, for example, requires a minimum investment of $175, but the initial deposit is $50 if you choose monthly electronic deductions from your bank account. Dividends are paid in the form of new shares, with no commission. There are important fees to monitor. With Disney’s plan, commissions are just 2 cents a share. But you pay a $20 one-time enrollment fee, plus a $1 fee for automatic electronic investments, or a $7 fee for investments made by check. �• You also can buy shares in a company through an online brokerage company called Stockpile.com, a relative newcomer to the investment world that touts a “fun, easy and affordable approach” to owning stock. About 20 percent of Stockpile’s brokerage accounts are owned by kids and teens, the company said. There is no minimum amount required to open a brokerage account (with minors, this is a custodial account with mom, dad or another adult on the account). Investors also can buy a fraction of a full share – also ideal for young stock pickers. Stockpile does not charge a monthly fee and said the trading commission is 99 cents a trade. Young investors also can use the Stockpile app to place their own buy and sell orders, with parental approval. One other convenient wrinkle: Buy a Stockpile gift card and pick a stock and a dollar amount. When the recipient redeems the card, the stock will be registered in his or her account. There’s also a gift registry so friends and family will know your favorite stocks when it comes time for a gift. �• Many mutual fund companies, including Fidelity and Vanguard, market to younger investors. There also are excellent investing tutorials on their websites that teach novices investing basics. One lesser-known but popular mutual fund is the Monetta Young Investors Fund, which has large holdings in stocks that kids can relate to, such as Apple, Amazon, Twitter and Alphabet. Through mid-December, the fund was slightly outperforming the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index for the year. New investors receive an educational kit that includes a newsletter, a money-themed activity book and a savings bank. Young Investors requires a $1,000 minimum investment, or $100 if setting up an automatic monthly investment plan of at least $25 a month. �• You also can open a state-sponsored 529 savings account for your future college student. One way to get started is through gift registries offered by companies such as GiftofCollege.com. Family and friends can contribute directly into any new or existing 529. Gift cards are also available. Aside from all the investment options, owning stock encourages young investors to learn more about the markets and their intricate structures, which could pay dividends even if they never become the next Warren Buffett. Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off More from Steve Rosen Kids and Money: These three books have you covered Are all those toys in the attic worth a bundle? As you cruise grocery aisles, test kids' shopping skills COMMENTS | PRINT | EMAIL |    Join the conversation Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our User Agreement We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. Return to Top Home News Cities Sports Entertainment Business Life Opinion Blogs Photos Obituaries Weather Real Estate Jobs Cars Classifieds Copyright © 2017 The Press-Enterprise & Digital First Media. All Rights Reserved. About Us | Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Map
null
PennLive Menu Home News Sports Penn State Football High School Sports Entertainment Food & Dining Obituaries Opinion Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Local News National & World Pa. Politics Business Harrisburg Philadelphia Pittsburgh Community News Obituaries Crime Weather Traffic Photos Videos Special Projects Site Index Back to Main Menu Penn State Football Pittsburgh Panthers Philadelphia Eagles Pittsburgh Steelers NFL Recruiting High School Sports Fantasy Football Motorsports Little League World Series Penn State Sports Penn State Wrestling Hershey Bears Harrisburg Senators Harrisburg City Islanders Harrisburg Heat Golf Outdoors Back to Main Menu Eagles Steelers Ravens Back to Main Menu Fan Talk Recruiting Videos Photo Galleries PSU Columnists Back to Main Menu Bob Flounders David Jones Greg Pickel Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Offseason Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Field Hockey Boys Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Soccer Softball Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Girls Volleyball Bowling Back to Main Menu Pa. Life & Culture Cool Spaces Proms Movies Music Television Travel Living Gardening Columnists Events Comics Puzzles Back to Main Menu Nancy Eshelman Dawn Marron Marcus Schneck George Weigel Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Cooking & Recipes Restaurants PennLive Picks Back to Main Menu Editorials Op-Eds John Micek's Morning Coffee Letters to the Editor Cartoons Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe to us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Tumblr Follow us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Patriot-News Central PA Magazine Newsletters Mobile Apps News Podcasts Sports Podcasts Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search PennLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to PennLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Patriot-News Central PA Magazine Newsletters Mobile Apps News Podcasts Sports Podcasts / Share Lessons learned in this week's edition of the 'Offbeat Police Blotter' What will you learn in this week's edition of the 'Offbeat Police Blotter'? 1. People will notice if you masturbate outside of a bar. 2. Shoplifting is not the way to do your Christmas shopping. 3. Robbing a bank is not the best way to pick up extra spending money. 4. Somebody apparently thinks swiping a baby Jesus is still a good idea. Merry Christmas. Enjoy, or not! Shutterstock Cops seek help catching laser light thief A laser light thief is on the lam and Manheim Township police are asking the public to help catch him. Police said the $100 laser light projector was stolen from a front yard in the 100 block of North Broad Street in Lancaster Township at 10:28 a.m. on Dec. 15. The theft was filmed by a surveillance camera. The devices are the popular home decorating item of the season, the New York Times reported earlier this week. Anyone with information can call police at 717-569-6401. Manheim Township Police Department Driver charged with stalking, trying to run down pedestrian A man with the word "Faith" tattooed on his forehead has been charged by Lititz police with trying to run down a pedestrian with his car. Police said Thomas O. Seymour III, 24, of Lititz, tried to ram the man in the 400 block of North Lane just before 2 p.m. on Dec. 17. Seymour was found at the scene, officers said, and his claim that he only drove past the victim was contradicted by tire tracks. Seymour had previously been arrested for other crimes against the same man, they said. This time, police said he was charged with stalking and simple assault. Lititz Police Department Man facing charges after being denied a burrito A Huntingdon County man is facing charges after state police said he "became irate" with an employee of a convenience store after she "informed him she couldn't make him a burrito." The incident occurred just before 3 a.m. on Dec. 17 at the Mount Union Mint Mart along the 500 block Route 522 in Wayne Township, Mifflin County, police said. Cole Boozel, 22, of Mount Union, stayed in the store and yelled about his lack of a burrito for 20 to 30 minutes before leaving, police said. He has been cited for disorderly conduct, police said.   Shutterstock Woman, 83, conned out of money in prize scheme An 83-year-old Berks County woman was conned out of $34,000 by someone claiming she had won a large amount of prize money, state police said. The incident occurred on Dec. 14 to a woman living in Tulephocken Township. "The actor told the victim that she won $15 million but needed to send the cash for the taxes before she could claim the prize," police said. No arrests have been made. Police said they are continuing to investigate. Shutterstock Woman fell into ice-covered pond while running from arrest A Lancaster woman wanted on multiple warrants in multiple jurisdictions was arrested after falling into an icy pond at a local country club on Dec. 20. Meredith Lyet Calder, 41, was arrested on warrants in Lancaster and York Counties after an incident at Conestoga Country Club on Stonemill Road in Manor Township. Authorities attempted to arrest Calder after receiving a tip she was in the area, but she ran from the Pheasant Ridge Development to the country club's property, police said. While crossing a frozen pond at the country club, Calder fell through the ice. Police said she was able to stand in the water, but refused to exit the icy water to be arrested. Manor Township Police Department Man accused of threatening people with loaded gun A Wormleysburg man is accused of threatening people with a loaded gun Monday night, West Shore Regional Police said. Frederick William Keever, 72, was charged with terroristic threats and simple assault in the 6:30 p.m. incident. West Shore police said they were called to the 300 block of South Front Street in Wormleysburg for a report of a man displaying a gun and threatening people. Police accused Keever of confronting someone with a loaded handgun, and said he complied with an order to drop the gun, and was taken into custody without incident. Keever is also charged jointly with New Cumberland Borough Police for burglaries in New Cumberland and Wormleysburg, police said. He was arraigned and placed in Cumberland County Prison in lieu of $180,000 bail. West Shore Regional Police Department Have you seen this bank robber? Police have released surveillance photos of a male suspect who robbed a Hampden Township bank at gunpoint on Dec. 9, police said. Police responded to a robbery report at the M&T Bank, 5528 Carlisle Pike, just after 6 p.m. Police said the suspect entered the bank, displayed a handgun and demanded cash. He fled the bank with an undisclosed amount of money, police said. The suspect is describe as a Hispanic male who is between 5 feet 7 inches and 5 feet 10 inches tall. 5' 7" - 5' 10" tall. Anyone with information about this robbery is asked to contact the Hampden Township Police Department at 717-761-2609. Hamden Township Police Department Masturbating outside of Shippensburg bar lead to arrest: Police Police in Cumberland County have taken into custody a man they say was masturbating outside of a bar's window on Dec. 18. Brian E. Frisbie, 22, was charged with indecent exposure, disorderly conduct and public drunkenness after the incident. According to the Shippensburg Police, officers were called to the University Grill around 12:26 a.m. for a report of a man outside the bar's window who was masturbating toward the patrons in the bar area. Police say they soon found Frisbie nearby at the intersection of Neff Avenue and South Earl Street, where he was taken into custody. Shippensburg Police Department State police searching for stolen baby Jesus Be on the look out for baby Jesus. State Police in Perry County say one of the decorations was swiped from a Nativity scene in the front yard of a woman in Juniata Township earlier this week. The theft occurred sometime on Dec. 19 from a home along the 2700 block of Middle Ridge Road, police said. Anyone with information about the theft is asked to contact police at 717-567-3110. Shutterstock 'KKK' and 'Trump' carved into 2 vehicles Someone carved "KKK" and "Trump" into the vehicles of two vehicles with minority owners in Mechanicsburg overnight on Dec. 20, police said. The vehicles belonged to a Hispanic male and a man of Middle Eastern descent, Mechanicsburg police said. The incident happened in the 200 block of West Simpson Street. There are no suspects so far, and police continue the investigation. Anyone with information is asked to call Mechanicsburg police at 717-691-3300. Shutterstock House-squatter also an arsonist A 45-year-old borough man has been arrested after admitting to a November arson that caused $75,000 in damage to a house, Hanover Police Chief Chad Martin said. Maurice Pinda also confessed to breaking into and squatting in another home, the chief said. The arson occurred around 11 p.m. Nov. 26 in the 600 block of Broadway. It was ruled an arson by a state police fire marshal. Four days later, an Eichelberger Street resident returned from a trip to find someone had broken into his home and had been living there. Martin said Pinda is in York County Prison in lieu of $350,000 bail on charges of arson, criminal trespass and criminal mischief. Shutterstock The shuttle bus driver did it A man who drove a shuttle bus for a wedding party earlier this year in Somerset County has been charged with stealing from the happy couple, state police said. The theft took place on Oct. 14 at the Hayloft in Milford Township, police said. Paul Joseph Foley, 40, of Pittsburgh, has been charged with theft and receiving stolen property, police said. Investigators said Foley stole gift cards, cash and checks that were given to the couple as wedding presents. "(Foley) was observed on video surveillance at a store using one of the gift cards and identified by his employer," police said.   Shutterstock Do you know this man? Police in Springettsbury Township, York County, area asking for help from the public in identifying a man suspected of retail theft. The theft occurred on Dec. 22 at the Lowe's along the 2400 block of East Market Street, police said. Anyone with information about the man is asked to contact police at 717-757-3525 or contact the investigating Officer at wpolizzotto@Springettsbury.com   Springettsbury Township Police Department Christmas shopping made easy A woman walked into a Dauphin County Walmart earlier this month and walked out without paying for more than $700 in small kitchen appliances, state police said. In a separate incident, a team of one man and two women stole four Xboxes valued at more than $1,000, police said. Both incidents occurred the week of Dec. 18 at the store along Kocher Lane in Washington Township, police said. In the other incident, the woman placed four Kitchen Aide mixers in a shopping and then left the store, police said. Anyone with information is asked to contact police at 717-362-8700. Police did not provide a photos of the suspects.  Shutterstock Past editions of the 'Offbeat Police Blotter' Lots of Christmas shenanigans; assault by stir-fry; college kid growing pot Never show your genitals on the Internet; man exposes himself, starts fights: Offbeat Police Blotter Hunter's bicycle stolen; drunken burglar wrestling; crimes at Walmart Woman hit with case of beer on Thanksgiving; clown sighting; man exposed himself to traffic Porch defecator caught; poisoned biscuits left for dogs; mom takes son's cellphone Hunter finds paintball battle; $10,000 bail for grocery thief; 'suspicious' bag of feces Naked man at Strawberry Square; man masturbated in women's locker room; DUI on mower Man shot in 'groin area'; marijuana eater; teen charged with stealing Clinton signs Woman exposes herself at Applebee's; DUI on a lawnmower; masturbator caught Police interrupt masturbator; crimes at Walmart; drive-thru rage Portable toilet tippers; half-naked woman with rifle; pumpkin vandalism begins Thieves put things in their pants; naked man extortion; fight for chicken Grand theft golf cart; assassination message; drug test cheating goes wrong Half-naked woman at Wawa; fight over dog poop; lost cocaine Stolen diarrhea medication; naked burglar; stolen marijuana; stolen Trump sign Naked man faces drug charge; sex for car inspection; 'huffing' in the park Shutterstock View/Post Comments Comment on "Baby Jesus stolen; no burrito leads to charges; man masturbating outside bar: Offbeat Police Blotter" About Us PA Media Group Advertise with Us Career Opportunities Contact Us Send Us a News Tip Community Rules Frequently Asked Questions Subscriptions Manage your Patriot-News Subscription e-Newsletters PennLive Sections Home News Sports PSU Football High School Sports Entertainment Pa. Life & Culture Pa. Food & Dining Opinion Business Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Find n Save Local Businesses Mobile Apps iPhone, Android Apps | Tablet Apps More on PennLive Videos Photos Weather Contests Post a Job Post a Free Classified Ad Sell your Car Sell/Rent your Home Sitemap & Search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 PA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of PA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscribe now Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search weather unavailableweather unavailable Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Religion Tarpon Springs High senior makes most of last chance at cross US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News What we know about Esteban Santiago, suspect in the Fort Lauderdale airport shooting Details emerge on suspect in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting that killed 5 14-year-old Pasco County teen tried to smother baby with pillow, deputies say Tampa turns crimson and orange as fans pour in for football celebration Tarpon Springs High senior makes most of last chance at cross News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana The Obameter: Eight years and 533 campaign promises later, measuring Barack Obama's legacy Top News Declassified report says Russian President Putin ordered intervention in presidential election Doesn't Donald Trump have more important things to do than tweet Arnold Schwarzenegger? Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi won't talk about job in Trump administration President-elect Trump says focus on Russian hacking is a 'political witch hunt' Everglades restoration: Debate rages over plan to spend $800 million to build a massive water cleaning reservoir? Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Evan Longoria Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More College College Football Playoff: Alabama's Nick Saban and the friend who helped show him the way Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News College Football Playoff: Alabama's Nick Saban and the friend who helped show him the way Sleeping Alabama, Clemson fans expected to crowd Tampa International Airport before their overnight flights home Estimated cost of ads for College Football championship: $1 million College Football Playoff: Dig deep into the tale of the turf at Raymond James College Football Playoff: Jalen Hurts, an unflappable true freshman QB Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2016 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Events Where's the party? Concerts, fireworks and parties for Tampa's College Football Playoff weekend Top News Golden Globes movie predictions: 'Moonlight,' 'La La Land,' Emma Stone and more Collection of 700-pound silver statues return 'home' for big game With new grants, Florida Orchestra is increasing its presence around the state Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Rethink Tampa's downtown library space Top Opinion Mark Sharpe: The key to growing Tampa Bay's economy Editorial: Rethink Tampa's downtown library space Editorial: A duty to repair Jordan Park housing complex Editorial: The Florida Orchestra reaches out Editorial: Legislature should standardize civil citations for juveniles Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Human Interest At 17, she gave him up and 45 years later, her son called Top News Golden Globes TV predictions: 'The Crown,' 'The People vs. O.J. Simpson" and more SeaWorld: Tilikum, orca that killed trainer, has died Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) The Sunshine State became the Surreal State during a weird 2016 Craig Pittman, Times Staff Writer Link View all Articles CRAIG PITTMANTampa Bay Times Saturday, December 24, 2016 11:00pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged Previous Next Previous Next Florida weirdness went national this year. Related News/Archive All Eyes photo gallery: Pasco-Hernando State College's winter commencement 2016 3 Weeks Ago Florida Found: Okeechobee Battlefield Historic State Park 5 Months Ago Chief of Exxon is reportedly Trump's pick for secretary of state 3 Weeks Ago A part-time Florida man was elected president, despite his campaign manager getting busted for grabbing a reporter during a campaign event here. We had no hanging chad in this election, but at least two fights broke out at the polls. Also, at a Tim Kaine rally in St. Petersburg, a car crashed into the press bus — a police car, that is. This could explain why Merriam-Webster's official word of the year is "surreal." The Sunshine State remained a surreal place to live thanks, in part, to all the naked people. There was the naked woman in Lauderhill who climbed atop a fountain as part of her Thanksgiving celebration; the highly regarded Flagler County school administrator caught running naked down the road yelling, "I like grass!" and the naked Boynton Beach man who police caught driving around with an electronic device attached to his private parts. • • • You knew it was a landmark year for Florida freakiness when the winner of the Miss Florida USA pageant was forced to give up her crown because of a makeup controversy on social media. Disaster loomed everywhere, as usual. On a single day — Sept. 1 — Hurricane Hermine took aim at the state, an alligator was seen swimming down a Bradenton street, a truck crashed in Lake County and spilled its load of millions of bees, a Space X rocket blew up at Cape Canaveral and the first mosquitoes carrying Zika were found in Miami Beach. Weirdness was in the air around us. "Fight over fart leads to blows at Sloppy Joe's," noted a June headline in the Miami Herald, while an August one in this newspaper reported, "Man punches fellow bus rider over stinky yawn." Sometimes strange things went flying. A Largo man threw his glass eye at a doctor and nurse. A model on a Miami Beach photo shoot was hit in the face by a drone. A guy tossed a 3-foot alligator through the drive-thru window at a Loxahatchee Wendy's. He was charged with, among other things, assault with a deadly weapon — to wit, the gator. As usual, we saw a lot of weird weapons. A North Palm Beach man was accused of using his oxygen tank to batter a tow truck driver. A Pinellas Park man was charged with attacking his boyfriend with ramen noodles. A Madeira Beach man allegedly slapped his girlfriend with a sex toy. Two Miami Gardens women stocking up at Walmart for Hurricane Matthew wound up ramming shopping carts and hurling canned goods. A rhubarb at the Orlando World Softball Tournament blossomed into a brawl involving 20 people when both teams wound up at the same Hooters. Nobody swung a bat, but one man was stabbed. The usual weapons — i.e., guns — racked up some odd headlines. A Laurel Hill couple used an AR-15 semiautomatic rifle as a prop in their wedding photos, then discovered it had been stolen. A Lake Panasoffkee man in a pickup truck threatened to shoot another man, but accidentally shot himself in the crotch. A Bay County woman who thought her party guests had stayed too long was told by her boyfriend to shoot at their feet, so she did — and hit her boyfriend in the leg. Then there was the Pensacola deputy who Tasered a woman during what he called "horseplay" over some tea. He later texted her a picture of a risque-looking apology cake that said, "Sorry I Tased You." She sued anyway. • • • Florida's animals, as always, got in on the action. We had squirrels biting people in a seniors complex in Deltona; red-shouldered hawks attacking a Spring Hill retirement community; a 2-foot-tall mama owl terrorizing a Lutz neighborhood; an emu named Taco that ran amok in Cape Canaveral; Brandon residents freaking out about frogs in their toilets; and a Casselberry woman whose walls produced more than a dozen snakes. Also, a 99-year-old woman in Miami woke up at 2 a.m. to find an exotic kinkajou lying on her chest. Its name was "Banana." In turn, some people didn't treat animals well. A man punched a swan in front of two off-duty Orlando cops. A Gasparilla paradegoer punched a police horse. An Orlando man killed Pinky the flamingo at Busch Gardens. A guy in Islamorada jumped on a manatee's back and shouted, "I'm riding it!" A shoplifter at a St. Petersburg pet store tried to stuff a python down his pants. In Hypoluxo, someone snuck a live 5-foot shark into a condo's swimming pool. Somebody stole an alligator from a trapper in Sarasota and turned it loose. Perhaps it could have been handed over to the Coconut Grove man who's been fighting to keep his 13-foot, cookie-eating gator, or to the Lakeland woman who in December won permission to keep her 6-foot, clothes-wearing, motorbike-riding gator. Its name is Rambo. Speaking of transportation, who could forget the strange case of the Clearwater man driving home from work who was stunned to see a 6-foot snake pop out from the hood of his car? "Worst part is, I'm not 100 percent sure if it fell off or went back under the hood," he told reporters. That was still better than the guy who live-tweeted his discovery in Fort Myers that his rental car was swarming with thousands of baby spiders. • • • Driving in Florida remained an adventure. A lane of Interstate 75 in Sarasota was blocked off because of a spill of pig parts. On I-4, a turtle crashed through an Orlando woman's windshield. A Pensacola man who crashed into a strip mall said he was trying to time travel. A Mary Esther woman who closed her eyes to pray while driving missed a stop sign and crashed into a house. Speaking of religion, a man in The Villages walking down a road carrying a wooden cross was asked by police to put down his cross. When he did, a bag of drugs fell out of his pocket. Meanwhile, in Bradenton, a voodoo practitioner told police that a dissatisfied customer had threatened to kidnap him because his "services" failed to fix the man's marriage. Death in Florida is seldom accompanied by dignity. In Indian Harbour Beach, a man was killed when his motorized bike hit a turtle. A missing man in DeLeon Springs was found dead, jammed head-first in a gopher tortoise hole on land where he kept caged alligators. A woman in Royal Palm Beach forgot her husband's ashes at the post office, prompting police to evacuate the place. • • • The Florida men and women who got mentioned in police reports often scored points for creativity, if not taste. A man dressed as Chewbacca was accused of stealing from some Largo vending machines he once serviced. Rival paramedics got into a selfie war in which they competed to see who could snap the wildest pictures with unconscious patients. A dispute at a Pinellas Park senior center led to an incident characterized as "shuffleboard rage." A drug suspect tried fleeing Clearwater police on a hover board. In Mount Dora, someone stole a 3½-foot bunny statue that had been erected to replace another one that had been stolen. A thief dressed as a gumball machine repairman was able to walk out of a Winter Haven store with its gumball machine. The queen of creative crime may have been the woman from Choctaw Beach charged with stealing a shovel, a chainsaw and a prom dress. Finally, in legal news, an Orlando man sued police for arresting him for possession of crystal methamphetamine because they had found a flaky white residue in his car. Turns out the "residue" was from some Krispy Kreme doughnuts. You'd think the police would have recognized that. Craig Pittman covers environmental issues for the Tampa Bay Times. His latest book is "Oh, Florida! How America's Weirdest State Influences the Rest of the Country." Contact him at craig@tampabay.com. Follow @craigtimes. The Sunshine State became the Surreal State during a weird 2016 12/24/16 [Last modified: Saturday, December 24, 2016 11:02pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Sign up for Daystarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Purchase photos Reprints and licensing Online store Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2016 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Truck driver taken to hospital after cab catches fire - Toledo News Now, News, Weather, Sports, Toledo, OH Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Download the WTOL 11 news app Text Alerts Email Alerts Live stream See It, Snap It, Send It Gas Tracker Slideshow Center Health and Family News News 2016 Election HQ Local News State and Regional News National/World News Crime Watch Entertainment News Beating Heroin Flint Water Crisis #2Strong4Bullies Back-to-School HQ Terrorism around the world Special Reports Fallen Heroes Toledo Jeep Fest Trending Stories Race for the Cure 2016 Weather First Alert Weather Blog Download the First Alert app How the bitter cold affects your body Sign up for school closing text alerts here 7-Day Forecast First Alert Interactive Radar First Alert Weather Day explained What do county and city snow emergencies mean? Power outages Watch vs. Warning: Chief Meteorologist Robert Shiels explains Maps & Media Sports Camellia Bowl Download the Big Board App Athlete of the Week Big Board Friday MLB news MLB NCAA NFL VIDEO First Alert Weather Video Local News Video Traffic This Morning Weather Your Morning Saturday This Morning Fox 36 Daybreak Your Day at 9 School Closings Crime Watch Recipes Health and Family News Traffic Health Call 11 Ask Call 11 for Action For Help Call 11 for Action Product Recalls Special Reports Don't Waste Your Money Money Talks News TV WTOL TV Schedule WUPW TV Schedule Links mentioned on TV Our Contests Leading Edge ABOUT US Jobs About Us - WTOL About Us - WUPW News Team WTOL Staff Intern or Shadow at WTOL Editorials Advertise Community Track 11 Children's Miracle Network Telethon Truck driver taken to hospital after cab catches fire 2016-12-24T15:21:14Z2016-12-24T15:23:23Z By WTOL Staff Email Connect dotcom@wtol.com (Source: WTOL) (Source: WTOL) OREGON, OH (WTOL) - A truck driver is in the hospital after his semi caught on fire in a parking lot Saturday morning. The driver was parked at the Walmart in Oregon and cooking on a hot plate in the cab of the semi when it caught on fire, according to Oregon Fire’s preliminary report. The driver was transported to Mercy St. Vincent’s Medical Center with burns, but non-life-threatening injuries. Oregon Fire Department says the diesel fuel caught on fire and was put out with foam. The trucking company will clean up the semi, while C&W will pump out the remaining diesel fluid. The semi was carrying a variety of meats packed inside cardboard boxes. Around 10 a.m., crews were still working to smother all fire within the boxes. Follow WTOL:   Download our app here.  Copyright 2016 WTOL. All rights reserved. WTOL 11 Top StoriesWTOL 11 Top StoriesMore>> Business loses thousands of dollars in junkyard fire, arson suspected Business loses thousands of dollars in junkyard fire, arson suspected Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 5:34 PM EST2016-11-14 22:34:47 GMT Arson is now the suspected cause of the fire that broke out at a salvage yard in north Toledo.More >> Arson is now the suspected cause of the fire that broke out at a salvage yard in north Toledo.More >> GOP Chairman loses bid to keep job to Trump-backed candidate GOP Chairman loses bid to keep job to Trump-backed candidate Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 6:33 PM EST2017-01-06 23:33:29 GMT (Source: AP Images) Jane Timken said she doubted Chairman Borges’ ability to lead the state party during the forthcoming Trump presidency, tracing her reservations at least to the GOP convention in Cleveland when Trump became the Republican nominee. More >> Jane Timken said she doubted Chairman Borges’ ability to lead the state party during the forthcoming Trump presidency, tracing her reservations at least to the GOP convention in Cleveland when Trump became the Republican nominee.More >> Michigan governor makes disaster declaration due to sinkhole Michigan governor makes disaster declaration due to sinkhole Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 4:36 PM EST2017-01-06 21:36:55 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 4:38 PM EST2017-01-06 21:38:49 GMT (Source: WNEM) Michigan's governor has declared a state of emergency for a county north of Detroit following the collapse of a massive sewage line that - so far - has caused a football field-sized sinkhole.More >> Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder declared a state of emergency Friday for Macomb County due to last month's collapse of a massive sewage line that has caused a football field-sized sinkhole in one of its communities.More >> First Alert Forecast: Bitterly cold, near zero tonight First Alert Forecast: Bitterly cold, near zero tonight Very cold weather will last through the end of the workweek and into the weekend.  More >> Very cold weather will last through the end of the workweek and into the weekend. More >> California funds 1st US inmate sex reassignment California funds 1st US inmate sex reassignment Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 3:33 PM EST2017-01-06 20:33:13 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 3:36 PM EST2017-01-06 20:36:20 GMT (Source: WTOL) A 57-year-old convicted killer serving a life sentence in California became the first U.S. inmate to receive state-funded sex-reassignment surgery, the prisoner's attorneys confirmed Friday to The Associated...More >> A 57-year-old convicted killer serving a life sentence in California became the first U.S. inmate to receive state-funded sex-reassignment surgery, the prisoner's attorneys confirmed Friday to The Associated Press.More >>    Strange But True - Irresistible Headlines & VideoStrange NewsMore>> Girl’s USC rejection letter turns out to be prom proposal Girl’s USC rejection letter turns out to be prom proposal Posted: Monday, April 14 2014 11:11 AM EDT2014-04-14 15:11:20 GMT Updated: Monday, April 14 2014 11:11 AM EDT2014-04-14 15:11:20 GMT A girl who was recently accepted at the University of South Carolina got a second shocking letter telling her that her she was instead rejected by the college.More >> A girl who was recently accepted at the University of South Carolina got a second shocking letter telling her that her she was instead rejected by the college.More >> Life-sized gingerbread house Life-sized gingerbread house Posted: Wednesday, December 9 2015 5:47 PM EST2015-12-09 22:47:49 GMT Updated: Wednesday, December 9 2015 6:06 PM EST2015-12-09 23:06:47 GMT Hotel creates life-sized gingerbread house for the holiday. (Source: The Ritz-Carlton, Dove Mountain/Facebook) The gingerbread house at The Ritz-Carlton, Dove Mountain in Arizona is in a category all by itself- life-size.More >> The gingerbread house at The Ritz-Carlton, Dove Mountain in Arizona is in a category all by itself- life-size.More >> Breakup Shop offers a variety of ways to dump someone Breakup Shop offers a variety of ways to dump someone Posted: Tuesday, November 17 2015 6:32 AM EST2015-11-17 11:32:06 GMT Updated: Tuesday, November 17 2015 9:30 AM EST2015-11-17 14:30:34 GMT (Credit: The Breakup Shop/Twitter) A new company is making it easier to breakup with your significant other for as little as $10.More >> A new company is making it easier to breakup with your significant other for as little as $10.More >> Man proposes to girlfriend with a ring made from his wisdom tooth Man proposes to girlfriend with a ring made from his wisdom tooth Posted: Tuesday, November 3 2015 11:43 PM EST2015-11-04 04:43:27 GMT Updated: Tuesday, November 3 2015 11:43 PM EST2015-11-04 04:43:26 GMT Source: Carlee Leifkes Meet Carlee Leifkes and Lucas Unger. The two got engaged on Halloween in California. Unger got down on one knee and popped the big question with an engagement ring not made out of diamonds, but rather a ring made from one of his wisdom teeth.More >> Meet Carlee Leifkes and Lucas Unger. The two got engaged on Halloween in California. Unger got down on one knee and popped the big question with an engagement ring not made out of diamonds, but rather a ring made from one of his wisdom teeth.More >> Ink spill makes for messy commute on Holland Sylvania Rd Ink spill makes for messy commute on Holland Sylvania Rd A spill caused some problems for drivers around one busy Toledo roadway over the weekend.  Blue printer ink spilled Friday night at the intersection of Airport Highway and Holland Sylvania Road.More >> A spill caused some problems for drivers around one busy Toledo roadway over the weekend.  Blue printer ink spilled Friday night at the intersection of Airport Highway and Holland Sylvania Road.More >>    Headlines from Lucas, Wood, Ottawa, Fulton & Monroe CountiesNewsMore>> Number of flu cases low in Toledo so far, but could soon pick up steam Number of flu cases low in Toledo so far, but could soon pick up steam Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:41 PM EST2017-01-07 01:41:44 GMT (Source: Ohio Department of Health) After a slow start, the Ohio Department of Health says flu cases across the state are on the rise. The agency reports sixty people were hospitalized the week before Christmas. Like the rest of the state, the number of cases in the Toledo metro area has been low. More >> After a slow start, the Ohio Department of Health says flu cases across the state are on the rise. The agency reports sixty people were hospitalized the week before Christmas. Like the rest of the state, the number of cases in the Toledo metro area has been low.More >> Food Bank, high schools benefit from Oregon Wendy's fundraisers Food Bank, high schools benefit from Oregon Wendy's fundraisers Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 7:10 PM EST2017-01-07 00:10:43 GMT (Source: WTOL) On December 18, over 200 customers made donations of at least $5 to the food bank with Wendy’s matching the total of all donations. For the next three days, Wendy’s held one day fundraisers for Waite High School, Cardinal Stritch High School and Clay High School. More >> On December 18, over 200 customers made donations of at least $5 to the food bank with Wendy’s matching the total of all donations. For the next three days, Wendy’s held one day fundraisers for Waite High School, Cardinal Stritch High School and Clay High School.More >> Construction work continues in towering Toledo building Construction work continues in towering Toledo building Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 6:49 PM EST2017-01-06 23:49:17 GMT (Source: WTOL) The bitter winter cold is not stopping construction crews from working on renovating the old Fiberglas Tower in downtown Toledo.  More >> The bitter winter cold is not stopping construction crews from working on renovating the old Fiberglas Tower in downtown Toledo. More >> GOP Chairman loses bid to keep job to Trump-backed candidate GOP Chairman loses bid to keep job to Trump-backed candidate Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 6:33 PM EST2017-01-06 23:33:29 GMT (Source: AP Images) Jane Timken said she doubted Chairman Borges’ ability to lead the state party during the forthcoming Trump presidency, tracing her reservations at least to the GOP convention in Cleveland when Trump became the Republican nominee. More >> Jane Timken said she doubted Chairman Borges’ ability to lead the state party during the forthcoming Trump presidency, tracing her reservations at least to the GOP convention in Cleveland when Trump became the Republican nominee.More >> Back-to-back losses weigh heavy on Polish Village senior center Back-to-back losses weigh heavy on Polish Village senior center Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 6:32 PM EST2017-01-06 23:32:34 GMT (Source: WTOL) The Zablocki Senior Center is remembering their director of 30 years, James Gramza, 63, after his passing this week, and it only adds to the grief they were already feeling. More >> The Zablocki Senior Center is remembering their director of 30 years, James Gramza, 63, after his passing this week, and it only adds to the grief they were already feeling.More >>    Can't Find Something? WTOL FCC Public File wtolpublicfile @wtol.com (419) 248-1111 EEO Report Closed Captioning WUPW FCC Public File publicfile @foxtoledo.com (419) 248-1111 EEO Report Closed Captioning 730 North Summit Street Toledo, OH 43604 (419) 248-1111 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
9:25 pm, January 6, 2017 28° Washington, DC Listen Live 103.5 FM Listen Latest Traffic News Traffic Weather News Local DC Maryland Virginia National World Government Federal News Radio Inauguration Living Entertainment Sports Money Education Tech Watercooler All Sections Fun & Games Lottery Results Photo Galleries Latest Videos Podcasts Contests Recommended Stories Play Now Follow WTOP on Facebook Traffic Weather Local Va.•Md.•D.C.•Traffic•Weather•Inauguration•Metro Headlines Get Alerts 2 ALERTS   WEATHER ALERT A Winter Weather Advisory has been expanded to include much of the D.C. region for snow that will move in in overnight. CLOSINGS Some area school systems have begun to cancel Saturday and Sunday activities. See the full list here. Christmas News Previous Story Forget Rudolph — snowboarding ‘Santa’ takes flight with drone Next Story The procrastinator’s guide to last-minute holiday shopping Home » Latest News » Living News » Holiday News » Christmas News » Last-minute shoppers dash to… Last-minute shoppers dash to stores as Christmas descends By Kathy Stewart | @KStewartWTOP December 24, 2016 10:41 am 12/24/2016 10:41am Share Even though Christmas comes around the same time every year, some people are still caught off guard. Now, in the eleventh hour, they are heading out to get that Christmas shopping done on this Christmas Eve. Some shoppers strategically wait until Christmas Eve to shop … they say to avoid the crowds. (WTOP/Kathy Stewart) WASHINGTON — Even though Christmas comes around the same time every year, some people are still caught off guard. Now, in the eleventh hour, they are heading out to get that Christmas shopping done. For those who are either picking up a last-minute gift or who have not even started their Christmas shopping yet, know that many stores opened early Christmas Eve. But, be warned that some stores, including Wal-Mart, will close early at 6 p.m. on Christmas Eve and will not reopen until Monday. Macy’s, JC Penney, Sears and Best Buy also stay open until 6 p.m. Target will stay open until 10 p.m. on Dec. 24, and Toys R Us stays open until 9 p.m. Walgreens locations will stay open until midnight (their 24-hour locations, obviously, will be open all night). There’s also Amazon Prime now, which is available in Washington, Baltimore and 28 other metro areas. You can shop there online until 9:45 p.m. and get your delivery by midnight. While it doesn’t have Amazon’s full selection, it does provide essentials like food items and wrapping paper. A common problem shoppers face when dashing around trying to get all their shopping done is going over budget. Drawing up a list beforehand is one way of cutting extraneous costs. Some stores even offer free gift wrapping, which can save shoppers precious time and alleviate some stress, too. If you are a last-minute shopper, know that gift cards make a good last minute gift; they are even available at local grocery stores. According to a survey by the National Retail Federation, 41 percent of people surveyed said that if they received gift cards for the holidays, they would watch out for great deals. Comments WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us. comments Follow @WTOP on Twitter and like us on Facebook. © 2016 WTOP. All Rights Reserved. Topics: christmas eve Christmas News Consumer News gift cards Holiday News holiday shopping kathy stewart last-minute shopping Latest News Money News Photo Galleries shoppers Home » Latest News » Living News » Holiday News » Christmas News » Last-minute shoppers dash to… Recommended Latest US veteran arrested in airport shooting; 5 dead, 8 wounded National News Prince George’s liquor board official resigns after bribery charges Prince George's County, MD News Metro unveils Trump-themed SmarTrip covers Inauguration Day 2017 Closings and delays for Saturday, Jan. 6 Sprawl & Crawl Judge keeps, tosses parts of suit against MD prosecutor Maryland News DC leaders share logistics for Inauguration Day Inauguration Day 2017 House reactivates rule making it easier to slash feds' pay Government Kennedy Center show highlights life and influence of Confucius Sponsored by Image China: Confucius RFK site’s short-term future laid out at meeting Local FAA drops plan to change flight patterns in region Local Media Galleries 2017's first snow 30 years ago: Deadly Amtrak crash Obama presidency: Commander-in-chief Fun stuff to do in January Today in History: Jan. 6. 10 warm salads for winter 2017 local deaths of note 2016 NFL Week 17 Recap Look back at Obama presidency Celebrity birthdays Jan. 1-7 Where are they now? 2016’s Pets of the Week Best entertainment photos of 2016 Top sports photos of 2016 Must-see feature photos of 2016 Top photos of 2016 28 tricks and tips to save money Most buzzed about restaurant openings of 2016 WTOP’s celebrity chats of 2016 Top entertainment stories of 2016 2016 Celebrity Deaths 2016's top local images Get alerts Sign Up Fun & Games Play Now News Team Careers Advertise Contests Contacts Submit News Tip Charities Events Video Podcast DC Federal News Radio Copyright © 2016 by WTOP. All rights reserved. Feedback Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright Comment Policy EEO Hubbard Radio FCC Public Inspection File
Subscribe Log In Search Listen Now Friday, January 6, 2017 83 Today's Paper Weather 1°F Mostly Clear Friday, January 6, 2017   Today's Schedule   Listen Now! Toggle navigation News Local State Nation - World Business Obituaries Weather Sports Prep Sports Illini Sports All Sports Illini Forums Business Living A&E Blogs Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Guest Commentary All Opinions Multimedia Photo Galleries Podcasts Videos Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Chicago man arrested for Rantoul robbery, shooting share Facebook Twitter | Subscribe More Local Champaign man gets 10 years for weapons, escape charges Street closures listing Champaign man gets probation, hefty fines for dealing drugs Rantoul burglary plea yields 11-year sentence × Login Options Commenting Login to comment or to shop for deal of the day or books. Member Login Login to your member account to read premium articles. Username or e-mail: * Password: * Create new account Request new password Close Home » News » Local Chicago man arrested for Rantoul robbery, shooting Sat, 12/24/2016 - 9:41am | Mary Schenk Photo by: Provided by CCSO Jawan Gipson URBANA — A Chicago man who allegedly robbed and shot at a man outside a Rantoul business earlier this month has been arrested. Rantoul police Sgt. Justin Bouse said police had been looking for Jawan Gipson in connection with a Dec. 15 holdup that occurred at the Walmart store parking lot, 845 Broadmeadow Road. Gipson, 19, was located Friday afternoon by Champaign police detective Pat Funkhouser, who knew Rantoul police were looking for Gipson. He was caught after a brief foot chase in Champaign. Gipson was arrested on preliminary charges of armed robbery and aggravated discharge of a firearm. He is expected to be formally charged next week. The robbery and shooting happened about 8 p.m. on Thursday, Dec. 15. The victim told police he went to the store parking lot to meet with a female acquaintance and a man, later identified as Gipson. He got in the car with them and was robbed of cash by the man, which the victim tried to get back. As he got out of the car, Bouse said, the man allegedly fired through the front seat driver’s window at him. The victim sustained injuries from breaking glass, and was later treated and released. The man gave police enough information that they could develop Gipson as the person they were looking for, Bouse said. An anonymous tip to police Friday led to his arrest.   Sections (2):News, Local Topics (1):Courts, Police, Fire More Local Champaign man gets 10 years for weapons, escape charges Street closures listing Champaign man gets probation, hefty fines for dealing drugs Rantoul burglary plea yields 11-year sentence More Local Champaign man gets 10 years for weapons, escape charges Street closures listing Champaign man gets probation, hefty fines for dealing drugs Rantoul burglary plea yields 11-year sentence Join the Conversation Comments News-Gazette.com embraces discussion of both community and world issues. We welcome you to contribute your ideas, opinions and comments, but we ask that you avoid personal attacks, vulgarity and hate speech. We reserve the right to remove any comment at our discretion, and we will block repeat offenders' accounts. To post comments, you must first be a registered user, and your username will appear with any comment you post. Happy posting. Login or register to post comments Latest News Street closures listing Rantoul burglary plea yields 11-year sentence Plans for new Reagan statue stall after mayor's death Electoral College makes it official: Trump wins presidency Factory orders drop, but investment up DUI arrest data: Year's total lowest since '05 GOP has Trump's back as he questions U.S. intelligence Ex-Mitsubishi plant now owned by Rivian Automotive Springfield businessman faces fraud charges Trade deficit climbs to $45.2 billion in November More Local News Most Viewed News UPDATE: Man was shot in chest UPDATED: Champaign man charged with DUI following crash that killed Mahomet woman UPDATED: Champaign man charged with DUI following crash that killed Mahomet woman UPDATE: Man was shot in chest UPDATE: Man was shot in chest Most Commented News UPDATE: Man was shot in chest Guest Commentary: Father defends slain son UPDATED: arbitrator rules for Rush — again Getting Personal: Scott Bennett Arrest made in connection with home invasion of 87-year-old Trending Now UPDATE: No shots fired in Urbana Former Blind Pig manager ordered to repay owner $10,500 'This young man is dangerous' UPDATE: Man was shot in chest Hobbico's deferral of payout upsets, confounds ex-workers Macy's in Champaign survives cuts Arkansas man arrested on I-57 after shooting in Gilman UPDATE: Accident on I-74 between Neil and Lincoln Dismemberment case: 7 years for Champaign man Danville's Moore drawing eyes with big scoring Alleged con artist in jail Radio Newstalk 1400 WDWS-AM Lite Rock 97.5 WHMS-FM Classic Hits 107.9 WKIO-FM Print County Star The Independent News The Leader LeRoy Farmer City Press Mahomet Citizen Paxton Record Journal Republican Rantoul Press Magazines At Home Magazine Central Illinois Business Magazine Customer Service Help Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Frequently Asked Questions Subscription Information Quick Links eEdition Obituaries Submit Vacation Stop Staff List Pay your Subscription Buy a Photo Send a News Tip Submit an Announcement Start a subscription now to enjoy our award-winning local news and sports coverage. Print, digital, or both-- we've got you covered. Subscribe Connect with The News-Gazette © 1995-2017 The News-Gazette, Inc. | All Rights Reserved | 15 Main St., Champaign, IL 61820
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power By Associated Press Published: 15:49 EST, 24 December 2016 | Updated: 15:50 EST, 24 December 2016 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year's sales. November and December now account for less than 21 percent of annual retail sales at physical stores, down from a peak of over 25 percent, and experts believe it'll keep dropping. Those extra percentage points would have translated into an extra $70 billion more in buying for last year, says Michael Niemira, principal at The Retail Economist. The season had steadily gained in importance and peaked in the early '80s, before the dominance of big discounters like Wal-Mart stalled its growth as shoppers began moving away from department stores. Still, the two-month period held its own through the mid-'90s, when online shopping for deals took hold. FILE - In this Nov. 25, 2016, file photo, Maddy, left, and her friend Maggie, sit with their shopping bags at Union Square in San Francisco. The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year's sales. November and December now account for less than 21 percent of annual retail sales at physical stores, down from a peak of over 25 percent. The shift is in part because people are spreading out their shopping all year, demanding big discounts and spending more on events rather than more stuff. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) "There was a mindset even before online shopping," said Niemira, whose data goes back to 1967. "But this just accelerated it." In general, many people are shopping for the holidays all year long now, mirroring the trend for back-to-school items. Heavy discounting has diluted sales, and with big promotions throughout the year, shoppers no longer hold off making their biggest purchases until the holidays. This year, the contentious presidential election delayed some shoppers, and with Christmas falling on a Sunday, stores are expecting a bigger number of last-minute buyers. At a busy Target store in Brick, New Jersey on Saturday morning, many shoppers seemed to be picking up small items to use as stocking stuffers. Others were hoping to find a last-minute deal. "I'm pretty much set for Christmas, so I thought I would come down and see what I could find on sale, like maybe a TV," Terry Kreft, 38, said as she strolled through the store. She has spent about $600 on gifts this year, taking advantage of discounts during the traditional holiday-season shopping days right after Thanksgiving, called "Black Friday" and "Cyber Monday." "I was pretty much done with my shopping before December got rolling," Kreft said. But a late rush isn't expected to make up the difference. "It's no longer a seasonal business," said Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst at consumer research firm NPD Group Inc. "It's a yearlong investment for the consumer. And retailers need to change. They have to excite shoppers early in the season and later in the season — and all year long." Here's what's behind the shift: SHOPPERS DON'T WAIT TO BUY BIG-TICKET ITEMS: Stores now offer good deals throughout the year on products like TVs and appliances, making waiting until the end of the year less appealing. Deloitte LLP found 30 percent of shoppers planned to wait for holiday sales to buy large gifts, down from 35 percent a year ago. "People are not holding back and waiting because they find a good price for all the things they are looking for," said Rod Sides, vice chairman of Deloitte. Christopher Rogers, a research analyst at Panjiva, which looks at imports, says he has seen a smoothing out of imports during the pre-holiday shopping season from July to November on key items like apparel, toys and furniture. The shift complicates matters for retailers, which could usually concentrate their efforts on capturing shoppers during the holiday window. HEAVY DISCOUNTING: With fierce competition online, particularly from Amazon, stores are constantly trying to outdo each other and even undercutting themselves on prices from the previous year. Shoppers have been trained to demand deals, and won't break the habit. "The heightened competition being driven by the influence of e-commerce largely is driving prices down on popular holiday items," said Traci Gregorski, senior vice president of marketing at Market Track. "Retailers know consumers frequently compare prices on these categories online and are discounting more heavily to drive traffic and sales." One example: The average price for a TV from Oct. 1 through Tuesday was $829.52, down from $1,009.41 during the same time last year, according to Market Track, which tracked promoted prices across 40 major retailers on over 19,000 TVs. THE RISE OF GIFT CARDS: Shoppers are giving more gift cards as presents, which skews holiday sales figures since they aren't booked as sales until they're redeemed. And most cards no longer have an expiration date. This holiday season, gift cards were ranked second as a top gift, behind only clothing, according to NPD. Gift cards sales accounted for about 25.4 percent of holiday expenditures last year, up from 13.5 percent in 2003, according to Goldman Sachs and The Retail Economist. SHOPPERS WANT EXPERIENCES: Major department stores like Macy's have been seeing shoppers shifting their spending away from traditional merchandise like clothing and more toward gifts that offer experiences like beauty treatments and other services. NPD found 10 percent of holiday shoppers said they planned to give fewer tangible gifts than last year, and 8 percent said they would not give any tangible gifts. Some 14 percent said they will give more experiences as gifts this year than last year, the research group said. ___ Associated Press writer Bruce Shipkowski in Brick, New Jersey contributed to this report. ___ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're going to shoot me in the back!' Kim Kardashian breaks silence on Paris heist and shares emotional reaction to Kanye West's breakdown 'You're psychotic!': CBB bosses are forced to intervene as Austin Armacost loses his temper in explosive row with Heidi Montag Speidi his 'nightmare' 'We felt it was where she'd want to be': Carrie Fisher's ashes put in giant Prozac pill that as she is buried with her mother Debbie Reynolds Jedward FALL off the stage as they make an 'awkward and cringe' return to the Celebrity Big Brother house Return after five years 'We had a bit of a special day': Coronation Street's Jennie McAlpine reveals she secretly married long term partner Chris Farr  Fizz revealed her ring Alex Jones bursts into tears during emotional farewell from The One Show ahead of maternity leave... as she prepares for birth of her first child Prince Harry 'has taken girlfriend Meghan Markle to Norway to see the Northern Lights on their first romantic holiday together'  Enjoying the darkness The police have NOT accused me, insists George Michael's lover: Fadi Fawaz breaks his silence as officers continue to investigate the mysterious death How Ms Markle gets her sparkle! From massages on the INSIDE of her face to libido-boosting vitamins, Harry's girlfriend Meghan shares her beauty secrets Hollyoaks' Stephanie Waring covers up in black ensemble as co-star Amanda Clapham flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather skirt Red hot! Former X Factor star Chloe Paige goes braless in choker and plunging blazer at George Michael tribute charity bash No stranger to flaunting Kanye eats soup as North plays happily in Kim Kardashian's intimate pictures of family life with the Wests Back with a vengeance 'I have psoriasis on my face!' Kim Kardashian reveals skin condition has worsened after the stress of dealing with her traumatic Paris heist 'We're there for each other together or not!' Marnie Simpson posts defiant selfie with ex Lewis Bloor amid cheating accusations 'It's time to calm the hell down!' Ray J, 35, admits he needs to 'grow up' now that he's married and reveals he wants children with wife Princess Love Back with a bang! The Voice judges open the new look show with joint performance... as Jennifer Hudson and Gavin Rossdale join star-studded panel Prince had $25million in real estate and hoarded cash before his death: Inventory of megastar's $300M estate shows he had $110,000 in his bank James Cosmo is the first housemate up for eviction in cruel CBB twist as Angie Best delivers a killer nomination EXCLUSIVE: 'He's the Kardashians' baggage handler!' Ray J's manager David Weintraub defends his tweet slamming Jonathan Cheban 'Double up!' Blac Chyna and Amber Rose show off two-times the curves posing in front of matching Rolls Royces wearing skintight leggings How I lost SIX STONE on my Definitive Diet: Oxford and Harvard-educated DR XAND VAN TULLEKEN on the weight loss plan which changed his life  'She had a great, generous energy': Adam Driver pays tribute to his Star Wars co-star Carrie Fisher, describing her death as a 'tragedy' 'Generous energy.' Big Apple bound! Anne Hathaway goes make-up free and flees Los Angeles amid Golden Globes weekend She touched down at JFK Airport in NYC Tom Jones embroiled in fat-shaming row after claiming the first Voice winner failed to break the chart due to her weight  Ciara decides to drop $15 million defamation lawsuit against ex Future The 31-year-old Body Party singer had originally filed the suit back in February Bright and beautiful! Naomie Harris cuts a striking figure in a smart lemon yellow frock as she steps out at the AFI Awards  Looked a right lemon Booty call! Ray J reveals he used a VERY risqué method to try and smuggle his phone into the CBB house He's not shied away from any subjects in the house Oh baby! Mel Gibson, 61, pats pregnant girlfriend Rosalind Ross, 26, on the bottom at AFI Awards Another year of antics to remember for Mel? La La Land in real life! Emma Stone and on-screen beau Ryan Gosling join Michelle Williams and a star-studded Hollywood crowd at the AFI Awards Saucer of milk to Seat 2! Boy George and Peter 'Marilyn' Robinson get catty about Gavin Rossdale ahead of his debut on ITV's series of The Voice Beach babe! Louise Redknapp, 42, displays her ample cleavage in plunging nautical inspired bikini alongside sculpted hubby Jamie, 43, on family holiday Like mother, like daughter! Kristina Rihanoff and lookalike mum Larisa cut glamorous figures as they attend star-studded party together in London The white stuff! Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries shows off her ample assets and svelte figure in a teeny lace-up bikini as she hits the beach in Miami Bundle up in style! As Gwen Stefani, Gigi Hadid, and Olivia Palermo step out in the season's hottest outerwear, FEMAIL rounds up chic (and affordable) puffer coats to shop now TOWIE's Gemma Collins gets back to business as she works up a sweat whipping her Brentwood store into shape for the New Year Enjoyed her Christmas Back in business? Peter Andre's closed coffee shop venture will re-open in early 2017... after reports it had shut up shop for good He's still going 'It makes me furious!': Chloe Madeley rages against 'disgusting' reality stars who 'yo-yo diet to sell weight loss DVDs' Weighing in on the issue 'We're supposed to be boys!': CBB's Jamie O'Hara and Calum Best 'fight' for Jasmine Waltz's affections as they play out their love rivalry  'I'm not right!' Jodie Marsh turns up the heat as she shares throwback shot of herself posing outdoors completely NUDE save for boots and a furry hat 'Me and my girl!' Smiling Reese Witherspoon, 40, poses for selfie with her lookalike daughter Ava Phillippe, 17 Looked more like sisters Cool as ice! Karlie Kloss rocks shredded skinny jeans as she braves the wintry New York streets She kept warm with a smile Simply the breast! Ashley Graham displays major underboob in curve flaunting bikini during sun-soaked Seychelles break Stunning figure 'I need to put ice on my b**s': Ray J admits he 'would have jumped at the chance' to bed CBB housemate Nicola McLean in his younger days Gwyneth Paltrow joins Emma Roberts and Bella Thorne at publicist's star-studded birthday party Came hours after  goodbye  'You wouldn't wear a G-string in the street!': Eamonn Holmes blasts people who wear pyjamas outside... as he insists sexual attraction is vital for relationships 'I'm having a midlife crisis': CBB's Coleen Nolan reveals she's not 'putting all the blame' on husband Ray for their public marriage woes On the rocks EXCLUSIVE: Sombre Jonathan Cheban is pictured leaving Charing Cross Police Station after receiving 'serious threats' after friend Kim Kardashian was robbed No coat, no problem! Ivanka Trump shows off her $113 velvet dress and bare legs as she heads to work in frigid New York temperatures Looked stunning Leigh-Anne Pinnock flaunts her enviably peachy posterior in a skimpy black swimsuit on beach break  She's been soaking up the sunshine  'I love Melania. She's beautiful': Dolce & Gabbana designer praises Mrs Trump for wearing their dress then fires back at 'ignorant' trolls who criticise him 'Happiest I've been in years:' Khloe Kardashian gushes over boyfriend Tristan Thompson and goals for 2017 Dating for a few months EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie accuses Brad Pitt of 'publicly impugning' her character in new court documents saying actor is 'terrified the truth will come out'  But first, let me take a selfie! Sam Smith happily poses for photos with fans as the British singer celebrates the New Year in Sydney Partied across town It wasn't meant to be: Keith Lemon reveals the late George Michael had wanted to work with him on comedy panel show Celebrity Juice Particularly saddened New boyfriend alert? Former TOWIE star Lucy Mecklenburgh steps out once again with tattooed hunk Nathan Sharpe after sparking new romance rumours Going for gold! Slender Kourtney Kardashian flaunts enviable figure in metallic cut-out swimsuit as she soaks up the sun in the Bahamas FIRST LOOK: Gary Barlow and Dannii Minogue look glamorous in new Let It Shine promo pic... as singing hopefuls are revealed Hunting for new stars Who's THAT girl? CBB pin-up Jasmine Waltz looks almost unrecognisable in flashback modelling shots from her youth Dramatically different 'Morning coffee!' LeAnn Rimes flaunts serious sideboob in a skimpy bikini as she takes in the view on tropical getaway What a view! FKA twigs shows off her eccentric style sense in an oversized khaki co-ord and tiger print waistcoat at LFW Flashing a hint of leg with a thigh-high split Coronation Street's Helen Flanagan wraps up in pink fur trimmed coat as she shoots upcoming scenes for her highly-awaited soap return MIC's Louise Thompson shows off impeccably ripped stomach in Sri Lanka as she posts another bikini snap from lengthy winter getaway 'We're not that kind of show': Ed Balls shocks the Loose Women with a VERY rude joke about having a fluffer to prepare him for his appearance  Alec Baldwin mocks Donald Trump in Russian language Make America Great Again cap while walking with wife Hilaria Copied the president elect's style offstage Check me out! Pamela Anderson rocks the vintage look in midlength dress as she goes grocery shopping  Who needs an entourage? Geordie Shore's Sophie unwittingly flashes her bare chest and derriere in lingerie-style bikini as she joins beefcake beau Joel Corry on Mexican beach 'I was able to focus on things I really care about': Professor Green says his documentaries were a welcome distraction from divorce with Millie Mackintosh 'I'm going to smash your face in!' Tensions run high on CBB as Coleen Nolan scolds Angie Best for telling her not to smoke Left fuming PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ben Affleck spends the whole day with pretty 'detox nurse' who offers 'sober companion support' Split from Jen last year He's a star baby! Pink shows off one-week-old son Jameson as they go on a rather stylish family outing  They were joined by Willow, 5, and her hubby Make-up free Felicity Jones shows off her natural beauty as she bundles up in her winter warmers at Heathrow She's the leading lady of the moment EXCLUSIVE: Kate Hudson's athletic fashion company Fabletics fires back at ex-employee's 'wrongful termination' lawsuit, saying they deny prying into her medical files Have a little Patience! Gary Barlow debuts impressively toned chest after 'intense' three month slim down as he goes SHIRTLESS on Let It Shine debut EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Cheban heads to Charing Cross Police Station after receiving 'serious threats'... three months after best friend Kim Kardashian was robbed in Paris Football manager Roberto Mancini's new girlfriend displays her enviably svelte frame in a skimpy black bikini as the pair enjoy getaway to St Barths Comfort comes first! Sarah Jessica Parker wraps up warm as she heads to a salon to prep for the Golden Globes Spotted in an off-duty look 'Erm, I'm not allowed to talk about that': Ed Sheeran awkwardly refuses to answer questions about the night Princess Beatrice sliced his face open 'Battle of the bulges!' Danny Dyer and Richard Blackwood spark excitement across Twitter as they wear VERY revealing workout gear on EastEnders No coat, no problem! Ivanka Trump shows off her glamorous velvet dress and bare legs as she heads to work despite frigid New York temperatures Mariah Carey plays happy families with ex-husband Nick Cannon and their twins in new Instagram shot... days after disastrous NYE performance  The Goodger Life! TOWIE's Lauren displays extremely shapely posterior on Dubai getaway... after vowing to enhance her 'big butt' in 2017 'Early mornings ain't so bad!' Danni Minogue's ex partner Kris Smith shows off his enviable muscles by going shirtless on Instagram 'She's very good at the passive aggressive thing': Denise Welch appears to throw shade at Coleen Nolan... after falling out with her in 2013 The 17 films that are set to make 2017 a BLOCKBUSTER year for cinema: A 'feisty feminist', Churchill in his pomp and superheroes galore 'Fired up!' Amy Schumer takes a ride on the airport conveyor belt as she jets to Hollywood for the Golden Globes The comedian posted a video 'I love the guy!': Mel Giedroyc reveals how she feels about her former Great British Bake Off co-star Paul Hollywood  No hard feelings Robbie Williams sells enormous 11 bathroom Los Angeles mansion to DJ Khaled for $9.9m It carries the prestigious 90210 zip code and has plenty of star neighbours Back to work with a bang! Queen Letizia of Spain wows at a military ceremony in a figure-skimming gown as she returns to royal duties after the festive break Chrissy Teigen looks leggy in slim black pants as she jets off on yet another trip with John Legend The stars were seen at LAX Airport Friday Meryl Streep, Gwyneth Paltrow and Meg Ryan among the stars to turn out for Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher's memorial service  Star-studded farewell Stephen Fry, 59, pays his respects to Carrie Fisher at her memorial service with husband Elliott Spencer, 29... after bonding with actress over depression Seeing double! Ashley Olsen, 30, puckers up to beau Richard Sachs, 58, as she enjoys dinner date with sister Mary-Kate and husband Olivier Sarkozy, 47 'Stop the crocodile tears!': CBB's Nicola McLean is branded 'fake' by viewers as she breaks down during confession that she's missing her sons PICTURED: Jedward seen leaving the Big Brother hotel... ahead of their 'surprise return to the CBB house in special live show' The quiffs are back! EXCLUSIVE: She wore a black wig and called herself Zelda Zonk: How Marilyn Monroe escaped LA for a new life in New York for a fling with Marlon Brando Suki Waterhouse sizzles in sheer bralet as she flaunts her taut stomach reciting Shakespeare in steamy new LOVE Advent video  The holidays aren't over! PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: In love and in paradise! Kylie Jenner and Tyga can't keep their hands off of each other as they splash around the ocean in Mexico Revealed: Why the Duchess of Cambridge only ever carries a clutch bag - and the reason makes her seem VERY standoffish 'Pregnant' Irina Shayk wears loose black sweater dress while visiting Bradley Cooper on his 42nd birthday From cover up to cover girl Gwyneth Paltrow is supported by her boyfriend Brad Falchuck as she joins a host of Hollywood stars at Carrie Fisher's private memorial service Eric Idle, 73, arrives on crutches following ankle surgery to honour Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds at private memorial service Make-up free Courtney Love looks mournful as she and Frances Bean Cobain leave memorial of Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds hand in hand Disney considers its plot options for Princess Leia in final two Star Wars films in wake of Carrie Fisher's death Comes as stars attended her memorial Now that's a rock! Serena Williams reveals her diamond sparkler after announcing engagement to Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian 'We started screaming!': Sylvester Stallone's daughters admit shock at being given Miss Golden Globes 2017 honour as they pose for new shoot Disco diva! Sports Illustrated model Hailey Clauson flaunts her ample assets in plunging seventies inspired number at pre Golden Globes party Red hot! Larsa Pippen sizzles in a skimpy string bikini and rocks cornrows as she hits Miami Beach The mother-of-four, 42, looked age-defying  Don't drop it! Tallia Storm shows off her pert posterior in a colourful bikini as she goes for a dip with her phone in hand while in Barbados   'He's a young Canadian fellow:' Mark Wahlberg hints that Justin Bieber came to dinner... to his daughter's delight The Ted actor spoke about Ella Rae, 13 Detectives question George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz as senior detectives take over the inquiry amid fears the singer was killed by a drugs overdose  The £70,000 a week unit where George Michael hoped to beat his demons: Singer spent a YEAR in Swiss clinic offering bizarre 'electric shock therapy'  Racy Daisy Lowe teases a glimpse of rarely seen bikini line tattoo in a near see-through swimsuit on Miami beach Strictly time to relax She's picture perfect! Olivia Wilde is ready for the snow as she takes to the streets of New York in her winter gear Olivia Wilde is winter savvy  Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson feels 'deeply sorry' for co-star Marty McKenna... following his shock claims over her 'infidelity'  Kate Bosworth looks a vision in a stylish black bandeau dress as she cosies up to husband Michael Polish at lavish dinner party in LA Handsome couple 'You're slagging me off you old hag': Jemma Lucy calls former mentor Katie Price a c*** in explosive foul-mouthed tirade over ex-boyfriend Stephen Bear Lisa Appleton struggles to contain her ample bust in lacy scarlet lingerie as she films saucy segment for CBB BOTS All eyes on her All right in white! Ruby Rose flaunts her tattooed torso in a unique jumpsuit at the Mexican premiere of her latest film xXx: Return of Xander Cage 'I love my brother, my friend and my scene partner!' Ruby Rose gushes over xXx: Return of Xander Cage co-star Vin Diesel as the pair pose for a selfie  Dip it low! Bella Thorne twerks up a storm after planting a kiss on her female friend during DNCE private show Never struggles to turn heads He's back! Val Kilmer looks healthy as he makes rare public appearance at Golden Globes event in LA following tracheostomy procedure a year ago 'She's all that': Newlywed Margot Robbie stuns as she tenderly kisses her husband Tom Ackerley in romantic social media snap The pose of love! Makeup-free Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik make for an incredibly good looking pair in some snuggly snaps   Up close and personal Whodunnit? The nurse, the teacher, the lawyer, or the policewoman? At least one suspect was probably a sinner in new series of Unforgotten, by Jim Shelley 'Travel diary': Kourtney Kardashian shares sexy bikini shots showing off her impossibly flat abs as she enjoys the Bahamas Brad Pitt had 'ONE visit with several of the younger kids' amid holiday season  The star is currently allowed supervised visitation 'Sliding not so elegantly into 2017': Sam Thompson relentlessly mocks sister Louise AGAIN as he tries and  fails to mimic THAT beach lift What a gentleman! Joe Jonas shows his chivalry during date with girlfriend Sophie Turner They recently made their relationship Instagram official East is East star Om Puri dies in India aged 66 after a successful career in Bollywood and Hollywood Tributes have flooded in from the world of film New couple alert! Hailee Steinfeld and Cameron Smoller make public debut at event ahead of Golden Globes Made their public debut as a couple Jessica Biel stuns in black dress as she joins husband Justin Timberlake at Golden Globes party It is not often Justin is overshadowed Shrug it off! Leading ladies Amy Adams and Emma Stone wear off-the-shoulder dresses at pre Golden Globes party While both gunning for Best Actress 'Day one, pitches!': Rebel Wilson shares behind-the-scenes snap from set of Pitch Perfect 3... as Ruby Rose confirms she will join the cast Sewing his future! Kanye West works a late night at the office out of his fashion headquarters He's currently taking a break from the music Kylie Jenner returns from Mexico... and makes cameo on half-sister Khloé's Revenge Body premiere Supporting her sister after sunny break 'What if she's the one to break the spell?': Emma Watson is charmed by brutish Dan Stevens in latest Beauty And The Beast trailer Retelling of classic tale Top of the crops! Bella Thorne displays svelte figure in purple sports bra as she works up a sweat at Pilates Never one to cover up her figure 'It's a fun and exciting time': Tom Daley, 22, reveals he will marry fiancé Dustin Lance Black, 42, this year as they debate over UK or US wedding Make-up free Anne Hathaway shows off her svelte figure in leggings during West Hollywood shopping trip Kept things casual during break from filming 'I didn't know whether I would be any good': Katie Piper reveals motherhood doubts on Loose Women as she stuns in sweater and leather skirt She's got some front! Ireland Baldwin stuns in strapless black dress at W Magazine party at famed Chateau Marmont  What a stunner Man about town! Mickey Rourke indulges love of fashion with matching Louis Vuitton purse and shoes Out with his favourite accessory - his dog New look! Marvel reveals high-tech upgrades to Spider-Man's costume ahead of Homecoming premiere First day of CES show Back to work! Melissa Benoist looks happy to be on set of Supergirl after filing for divorce Focusing on work after marriage split Three's a charm! Hayden Panettiere wears multiple outfits as she promotes Nashville in NYC Certainly knows the benefit of a quick change Shane Richie Jr admits 'it doesn't look good' for mum Coleen's troubled marriage... as he reveals he's CHANGING his surname to Nolan  Major family drama 'Is it all the pizza I'm eating?' Cheeky Katie Salmon admits her 'a** is thicker than ever' in bodacious thong snap Bringing up the rear Lizzie McHigher! Tiny Hilary Duff struggles to reach the top shelf at Whole Foods... and clambers over produce to get at it  Skip and a jump For sale! Lauren Conrad lists Los Angeles mansion for $5.2 million after announcing she's expecting first child Come far from The Hills Jonathan Cheban soaks up the London nightlife as he claims you 'couldn't pay' him to go back on CBB and furiously denies being dropped from the show Supermodel Naomi Campbell reveals she was threatened in Paris by carjackers who said they'd kill her  Discussed life-threatening attack  Will she conceive in the Celebrity Big Brother house? Heidi Montag reveals she's 'ready to become a mum'... and wants to give birth THIS year Calum Best's ex Bianca Gascoigne admits she would kiss him again during flirty exchange on CBB... as it's claimed shes 'dating MMA fighter' 'It's lonely on set!' Zoe Saldana on the difficulties of being a woman in the male-dominated film industry She feels 'lonely' 'I'd be more mentally prepared': CBB's Jasmine Waltz lashes out at sobbing Nicola McLean as the glamour model laments that she's missing her sons Kesha catches departing flight in colourful floral-print coat after stepping back from social media Travelled in style 'My Daddy kicks butt!' Jamie Foxx's daughter Annalise approves of his film Sleepless at premiere Gave his eight-year-old princess a big kiss Old flame for the new year Ryan? Seacrest takes ex-girlfriend Shayna Taylor shopping in Beverly Hills Still amicable despite being exes Lily Collins wows in barely-there sheer silver gown at W Magazine Celebrates the Best Performances event in LA What a stunner Cher, 70, to star in Lifetime film about Flint, Michigan water crisis after implying governor should be arrested Has spoken out about disaster many times No New Year's kiss then? Perrie Edwards rings in 2017 without 'beau' Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain... as she enjoys night out at local working men's club Lucy Mecklenburgh is a work of art in latest ellesse campaign as she poses COMPLETELY NAKED in bodypaint   Exquisite effect A pants new look! Make-up free Sienna Miller pushes the fashion envelope in trendy culottes as she jets into LA Keeping it simple It's OK to window shop! Topshop heiress Chloe Green giggles with friends as they admire a hunky passer-by on the beach in Miami Nice view New year, new start! Fifth Harmony posts first group portrait WITHOUT Camila Cabello Back to business since departure CBB's Ray J and Bianca Gascoigne are stripped of nomination power in cruel twist as the 'edited out' housemates are left at mercy of the All Stars 'We were both players': Ray J brands former flame Kim Kardashian a 'CHEATER' as he discusses romance with CBB housemates 'Don't hate on me!' Aaron Chalmers lashes out at ex-girlfriend Marnie Simpson for harsh comments over 'weird' romance with Lauren Pope A vision in white! Alessandra Ambrosio shows off her incredible body in a strappy bathing suit during holiday in Brazil Steamy Instagram 'We've been asked to keep ourselves available': Downton Abbey star Jim Carter drops biggest hint yet that there WILL be film of hit TV drama  'It still affects me': An emotional Ray J breaks down on Celebrity Big Brother as he reveals continuing struggle to accept Whitney Houston's death Finally getting rid of the bachelor pad! Rob Kardashian places Calabasas home on the market for $2.68M after living separately from Blac Chyna 'They look older than they are': Katie Price insists young girls are wearing too much make-up... after apologising for THAT picture of dolled-up daughter Princess, 8 'He needs to go to rehab for a very long time': CBB's Bianca Gascoigne expresses her fears over stepfather Paul's drinking Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her growing bump in a cosy coat... after joking that she 'thought she might give birth' on The One Show sofa Let her shine! Busty Dannii Minogue vamps it up in plunging PVC gown for magazine shoot as she prepares for TV talent show return  Back at the weekend  Coming to the boil!  Justin Bieber 'offers settlement to former neighbors over house egging incident'... as they fight bid to limit damages Stepmom in training! Kylie Jenner, 19, dotes on Tyga's son while parading around in sexy mesh swimsuit in Mexico Lazed around pool  'William can't stop kissing his brother': Touching letters written by Princess Diana as the young princes grew up sell for £15,000  The sweetest thing! Bobby Cannavale kisses his partner Rose Byrne on the cheek during a romantic date at the Great Barrier Reef Little Minx! Jed Elliott posts racy snap of girlfriend Jade Thirlwall's peachy posterior as they enjoy romantic sun-soaked break PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, cuddles up to her 'toyboy beau', 25, during family ski trip in Switzerland The star was linked to model last year Nicola McLean slams Danielle Lloyd and her 'vile' family who labelled her a 'fat c**t' after she disagreed with model calling her DOG the same name as her son Make-up free Jennifer Garner enjoys a rare rainy day in LA with her sweet son Samuel  Enjoyed outing with her youngest child   David Spade rushed to hospital after three-car crash destroys his Range Rover Recovering at home in Los Angeles  'Newly-divorced with three kids isn't my type...' CBB's Jasmine Waltz shoots down romance with Jamie O'Hara... as he says he wants to sleep with her EXCLUSIVE: Human Ken Rodrigo Alves ate 3,000-calorie-a-day diet for lipo fat transfer to his BUM... despite dangers of 47th surgery after life-threatening necrosis 'She is so alive': Meryl Streep raves about Viola Davis as she presents actress with star on Hollywood Walk Of Fame Co-starred in Doubt Not quite Stars Hollow! Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel set to star in dystopian Handmaid's Tale as subversive lesbian Size 14 model and Self cover star Iskra Lawrence asks magazine to pull its 'restrictive' eating plan after critics claimed it is 'promoting starvation' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, gives an overzealous fan a LAP DANCE as she flashes her derriere in saucy clown costume at charity fundraiser Hats off to her! Dame Vivienne Westwood rocks quirky headpiece as she hosts chic dinner with British Fashion Council She's one of fashion's most iconic designers. EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Lamar Odom is seen checking out of rehab after month-long stay and is 'doing much better' as he heads home to LA 'First selfie of 2017': Kim Kardashian flashes the peace sign in snap with Kris Jenner after three month social media hiatus Following a hiatus 'Yes, I am single': Nicki Minaj confirms split from Meek Mill... as rapper responds by hurling style insults at her Off-duty Lara Stone goes make-up free behind large sunglasses on casual dog walk... after ramping up the glamour for busty V Magazine shoot Casey Affleck and Annette Bening join Leo DiCaprio in the long list of celebs set to present awards at the Golden Globes Truly star-studded Starting the party early? Lisa Appleton flashes her ample cleavage in skintight dress and thigh-highs as she sips on a bottle of wine on train journey Wild thing! Ashley Graham displays her knock-out curves in fierce leopard bikini Smoking hot shots  'She needs to run, far far away': Emmerdale fans call for Pierce Harris to 'go to jail' after shocking rape of girlfriend Rhona Goskirk Shocking scene EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Cheban falls out with CBB bosses after negotiations reach a fiery end... as $1m Ray J's manager calls reality star a 'little hanger on' Meet the new, low-key Kim Kardashian: Reality star swaps racy bikini snaps for grainy shots of home life with North and Saint as her social media return rolls on Val Chmerkovskiy defends relationship with Amber Rose as his fans and social media trolls post vile comments on loved up Instagrams 'I'd always beaten myself up because I was tied to a number': Oprah reveals that giving up numerical weight goals was the key to losing 42lbs She's a woman in love! Khloe Kardashian opts for comfort as she bundles up in a hearts, hugs and kisses hoodie after raving about her new guy Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull keeps it casual in hoodie before the couple hit the Swiss slopes... as they continue getaway with Madonna 'She wants to prove she's not a heartbroken mess': Casey Batchelor 'hopes to return to CBB' to confront former rival Jasmine Waltz over Lee Ryan love triangle  Her sss-sexiest shoot yet! Kendall Jenner dares to bare as she models HUGE snake tattoo on her booty for new V Magazine shoot Temptress makeover 'And I Am Telling You... I can sing!' Katie Price impresses The Voice coach Jennifer Hudson with her 'sober' vocals on Loose Women  Brooklyn Beckham steps out wearing his trademark hoodie and skinny jeans ... following news of dad David's bust-up with F1 boss Ron Dennis in Maldives 'Beyond thrilled!': Emmy winner Sterling K. Brown joins cast of Marvel's Black Panther feature film More to be excited about 'Kissy Kissy Time': Nicole Kidman reveals secret code she and Keith Urban use when telling their daughters they want to have sex Speaking candidly  Sky Sports presenter Natalie Pinkham shows off her stunning figure in white mesh kaftan as she enjoys sunny family break in Barbados Double Dutch! Lara Stone flashes her cleavage as she sits for a love heart tattoo in striking Mario Testino shoot for V Magazine Blonde bombshell 'She's in a happy relationship': Bianca Gascoigne 'LIED to CBB producers about being single' as it's claimed she is 'secretly dating MMA fighter' The breast it's going to get! Ex On The Beach star Jemma Lucy showcases her ample assets in steamy TOPLESS selfie alongside gal pal Lucky escape: Taye Diggs narrowly avoids disaster after losing control of his Mercedes G Wagon in wet weather and crashing into a construction site Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air U.S. Home Crime Terrorism Economy Immigration Disasters Military Education Environment Personal Freedoms Regions ECONOMY The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power Published December 24, 2016 Associated Press Facebook0 Twitter0 Email Print Shoppers careen through the main floor at Macy's department store in New York on November 28, the official start of the holiday shopping season. Retailers dub the day "Black Friday" in hope that sales will turn into the black ink of profits for the all-important retail season. - RTXH3SJ NEW YORK –  The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year's sales. November and December now account for less than 21 percent of annual retail sales at physical stores, down from a peak of over 25 percent, and experts believe it'll keep dropping. Those extra percentage points would have translated into an extra $70 billion more in buying for last year, says Michael Niemira, principal at The Retail Economist. The season had steadily gained in importance and peaked in the early '80s, before the dominance of big discounters like Wal-Mart stalled its growth as shoppers began moving away from department stores. Still, the two-month period held its own through the mid-'90s, when online shopping for deals took hold. "There was a mindset even before online shopping," said Niemira, whose data goes back to 1967. "But this just accelerated it." In general, many people are shopping for the holidays all year long now, mirroring the trend for back-to-school items. Heavy discounting has diluted sales, and with big promotions throughout the year, shoppers no longer hold off making their biggest purchases until the holidays. This year, the contentious presidential election delayed some shoppers, and with Christmas falling on a Sunday, stores are expecting a bigger number of last-minute buyers. At a busy Target store in Brick, New Jersey on Saturday morning, many shoppers seemed to be picking up small items to use as stocking stuffers. Others were hoping to find a last-minute deal. "I'm pretty much set for Christmas, so I thought I would come down and see what I could find on sale, like maybe a TV," Terry Kreft said as she strolled through the store. She has spent about $600 on gifts this year, taking advantage of discounts during the traditional holiday-season shopping days right after Thanksgiving, called "Black Friday" and "Cyber Monday." "I was pretty much done with my shopping before December got rolling," Kreft said. But a late rush isn't expected to make up the difference. "It's no longer a seasonal business," said Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst at consumer research firm NPD Group Inc. "It's a yearlong investment for the consumer. And retailers need to change. They have to excite shoppers early in the season and later in the season — and all year long." Here's what's behind the shift: SHOPPERS DON'T WAIT TO BUY BIG-TICKET ITEMS: Stores now offer good deals throughout the year on products like TVs and appliances, making waiting until the end of the year less appealing. Deloitte LLP found 30 percent of shoppers planned to wait for holiday sales to buy large gifts, down from 35 percent a year ago. "People are not holding back and waiting because they find a good price for all the things they are looking for," said Rod Sides, vice chairman of Deloitte. Christopher Rogers, a research analyst at Panjiva, which looks at imports, says he has seen a smoothing out of imports during the pre-holiday shopping season from July to November on key items like apparel, toys and furniture. The shift complicates matters for retailers, which could usually concentrate their efforts on capturing shoppers during the holiday window. HEAVY DISOUNTING: With fierce competition online, particularly from Amazon, stores are constantly trying to outdo each other and even undercutting themselves on prices from the previous year. Shoppers have been trained to demand deals, and won't break the habit. "The heightened competition being driven by the influence of e-commerce largely is driving prices down on popular holiday items," said Traci Gregorski, senior vice president of marketing at Market Track. "Retailers know consumers frequently compare prices on these categories online and are discounting more heavily to drive traffic and sales." One example: The average price for a TV from Oct. 1 through Tuesday was $829.52, down from $1,009.41 during the same time last year, according to Market Track, which tracked promoted prices across 40 major retailers on over 19,000 TVs. THE RISE OF GIFT CARDS: Shoppers are giving more gift cards as presents, which skews holiday sales figures since they aren't booked as sales until they're redeemed. And most cards no longer have an expiration date. This holiday season, gift cards were ranked second as a top gift, behind only clothing, according to NPD. Gift cards sales accounted for about 25.4 percent of holiday expenditures last year, up from 13.5 percent in 2003, according to Goldman Sachs and The Retail Economist. SHOPPERS WANT EXPERIENCES: Major department stores like Macy's have been seeing shoppers shifting their spending away from traditional merchandise like clothing and more toward gifts that offer experiences like beauty treatments and other services. NPD found 10 percent of holiday shoppers said they planned to give fewer tangible gifts than last year, and 8 percent said they would not give any tangible gifts. Some 14 percent said they will give more experiences as gifts this year than last year, the research group said. ___ Associated Press writer Bruce Shipkowski in Brick, New Jersey contributed to this report. ___ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Advertisement Trending in U.S. 1 Gingrich: Will Chuck Schumer become Senator 'No' and wipe out his party's future? 2 What no one wants to tell Sally Field, Keegan-Michael Key and all the other anti-Trump celebrities (but should) 3 Thanks to our mistakes with Iran, the North Korean threat to the US is at record levels 4 Steve Moore: My grade for Obama on his economic legacy? A gentleman's C 5 Wise men and wise women: "Hidden Figures" and Epiphany Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
My SUN+ account Logout Search Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Edmonton Sun Friday January 6 2017 Home News In News Edmonton Alberta Canada World Weird Archives Sports In Sports Latest Scores Oilers Eskimos Lacrosse Hockey Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Curling Tennis Golf Mixed Martial Arts Other Sports Archives Entertainment In Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Books Stage Archives Life In Life Sex Files Health & Fitness YEG Man Eat Fashion Sun in the Community Archives Tech In Tech News Gadgets Gaming Archives Money In Money Money Home Search Jobs Archives Travel In Travel Alberta Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion In Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos In Photos Videos In Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Sunshine Girl Snowscene Sunshine Girl In Sunshine Girl Become a Sunshine Girl Archives Moremore Flyers This week Snow Scene As Advertised Edmonton Motor Show Homes Weather Golf Twitter / Facebook Contests Special Sections Lottery results Manage my account Read E-edition Must Reads Edmonton Alberta Canada World Weird Archives News Edmonton Adopt-A-Teen says thank you Edmonton By Claire Theobald First posted: Saturday, December 24, 2016 08:26 AM MST Graham Hicks with gift cards for Adopt-A-Teen. Article Tweet Change text size for the story Print this story Report an error From the bottom of our hearts at Edmonton Sun Adopt-A-Teen, thank you. Thanks to generous donors like you, every underprivileged teen on our list will have a $50 Walmart gift card – or whatever surprise Santa Claus left in its stead – waiting for them Christmas morning. As you sit down to celebrate the holidays with your families, know that your efforts and kind contributions helped another family do the same. It's one thing to hear it from us, it's another to hear it from our teens. “We want to thank you so very much for helping (my son) have a Merry Christmas. He is able to buy himself new clothes and things he would like to pick out on his own. This is a wonderful program that gives the teens an opportunity to pick out the things they may need or want,” wrote one mother. “This Christmas I could not afford to buy any Christmas gifts for my children. There simply was no money. As a mom, whose primary love language is gift-giving, this broke my heart,” wrote another. “People seldom understand what it is like to know that when I set up my Christmas Tree this year, I also planned on there being no gifts under it. The gift cards I received from Adopt-A-Teen changed all that by allowing me to buy a gift for each of my children.” Another mother wrote, “I would like to thank you for the gift card for my daughter for Christmas. This helps me out a lot due to me leaving an abusive relationship. This year the children will not be receiving much, so with this little bit from you and from the Christmas bureau my children will have something to wake up to. Thank you. God bless you.” This year, as tough economic times hit Alberta families hard, we put out the biggest ask for donations in our charity's 17-year history. While the challenge of raising enough funds before Christmas was great, the generosity shown by the community was even greater. As the hours ticked by, we never lost faith that, somehow, you would come through for our teens. The gift you have given to our teens means so much more than $50 in trinkets, with every donation you sent a message that the community is there when our teens need it the most. There are no words to describe how grateful we are for your generosity, it is truly overwhelming. Thank you. twitter.com/AdoptATeen As Advertised in the Edmonton SUN Adopt-A-Teen says thank you Edmonton By Claire Theobald First posted: Saturday, December 24, 2016 08:26 AM MST From the bottom of our hearts at Edmonton Sun Adopt-A-Teen, thank you. Thanks to generous donors like you, every underprivileged teen on our list will have a $50 Walmart gift card – or whatever surprise Santa Claus left in its stead – waiting for them Christmas morning. As you sit down to celebrate the holidays with your families, know that your efforts and kind contributions helped another family do the same. It's one thing to hear it from us, it's another to hear it from our teens. “We want to thank you so very much for helping (my son) have a Merry Christmas. He is able to buy himself new clothes and things he would like to pick out on his own. This is a wonderful program that gives the teens an opportunity to pick out the things they may need or want,” wrote one mother. “This Christmas I could not afford to buy any Christmas gifts for my children. There simply was no money. As a mom, whose primary love language is gift-giving, this broke my hea Top stories Popular Latest Videos Larsson silencing critics of Taylor Hall trade Political correctness has run amok Man charged in first Edmonton homicide of 2017 'The firing just went on and on'; 5 dead in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting Woman accused of manslaughter may be in Edmonton, say RCMP Stats suggest more photo radar dollars should be spent on infrastructure fixes, council hopeful says Airport shooting suspect 'lost his mind' after Iraq tour: Aunt U.S. ambassador to Canada told to step down Carbon tax will cost Alberta schools millions, push up school fees, Wildrose says 'The firing just went on and on'; 5 dead in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting Woman found dead at northwest Edmonton house Walterdale Bridge Tour Edmonton property owners see dip in value thanks to slow economy, says city Ups and downs seen in Edmonton's 2017 housing forecast You will see benefits of carbon tax More from Edmonton Stats suggest more photo radar dollars should be spent on infrastructure fixes, council hopeful says Carbon tax will cost Alberta schools millions, push up school fees, Wildrose says Slingshot vandal dodges criminal record for bus shelter 'carnage' Man charged in first Edmonton homicide of 2017 Woman who beat husband to death sentenced to 15 years in prison Inside Edmonton sun.com Home Rounds Fore Less 2016 Home Send/read letters News Judge rebukes suspects in beating News Judge allows Que. man to keep pet crow News Where should photo radar dollars be spent? News Family struggled with former soldier's PTSD News Human remains found in Lake Erie News Airport shooting suspect 'lost' mind News Walmart, Visa declare truce over credit card fees News U.S. ambassador to Canada told to step down News City senior unfit for trial in wife's death News Carbon tax to cost schools millions says Wildrose Home Mobile version News Edmonton Alberta Canada World Weird Archives Sports Latest Scores Oilers Eskimos Lacrosse Hockey Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Curling Tennis Golf MMA Other Sports Archives Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Books Stage Archives Life Sex Files Health & Fitness YEG Man Eat Fashion Sun in the Community Archives Tech News Gadgets Gaming Archives Money Money Home Search Jobs Archives Travel Alberta Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Sunshine Girl Snowscene Flyers This week Snow Scene As Advertised Edmonton Motor Show Homes Weather Golf Twitter / Facebook Contests Special Sections Lottery results Manage my account Read E-edition Must Reads Sunshine Girl Follow Rss Facebook Twitter Subscribe Sun+ Print mobile Manage my account Buy SUN items Archives & Services Page Edmonton Sun Contact Us Letters to the editor Online Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Advertise In print Online Classified Advertising Opportunities Sun publications Toronto Sun Ottawa Sun Winnipeg Sun Calgary Sun More Publications Site map Privacy policy Terms & conditions Powered by Fatwire Canoe Sun Media is a member of Copyright © 2016 All rights reserved
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries ePaper Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive 2 Norwich students win city's fire prevention poster contest Saturday Dec 24, 2016 at 11:33 AM Dec 24, 2016 at 11:33 AM Ryan Blessing rblessing@norwichbulletin.com, (860) 425-4205 rblessingNB     NORWICH — The Norwich fire department honored two young students whose drawings are in the running to be featured as part of a statewide effort to promote fire prevention. Luis Maldonado, a fourth-grader at Veterans Memorial School and Daniel St. George, who is in fifth grade at Sacred Heart, had the winning entries in the department's annual fire prevention poster contest. Luis and Daniel were joined Dec. 21 at the city's station by runners-up Kaitlyn Titus, John Dexter, Rose Saint Eloi and Zosia Hospod. Kaitlyn and John are in fourth grade at Sacred Heart, and Zosia is in fifth grade. Rose attends Uncas School, where she is in fifth grade.     "I can help your put out this fire," Daniel’s fire hydrant, complete with eyes and a smile, says on his winning poster. The fifth-grader had several tips for what to do if there's a fire in one's home.  "If you are in a fire you should not go and get your belongings," he advises on his poster. "You must get out of the fire as fast as you can." All the winning Norwich students received a smoke detector and a Wal-Mart gift card, and Luis and Daniel also received fire extinguishers.  Deputy Fire Marshal Lauren Casady teaches fire prevention at the city's schools. "The basics like smoke alarms, knowing two ways out of a building, having a meeting place for your family and calling 911, among other things," he said of the curriculum.  The fourth- and fifth-graders then make posters describing what they learned about fire safety, Casady said. The poster contest's theme is "Fire Prevention - Everyone/Everyday," and all fourth and fifth grade students in the state are eligible. Winning posters from each town advance to the county level judging, and then a state winner is selected from the top county entries. The statewide winner's entry is featured on the state's annual fire prevention poster, while the county winners are featured throughout the calendar, Casady said. "The state winner gets a $750 check and the school gets a $500 grant," he said. "But what's most important is to learn and practice fire safety."  In addition to showcasing dozens of posters from students throughout the state, the calendar also offers important reminders and fire prevention tips, such as to check the batteries in smoke detectors on the first day of each month.   The Poster Recognition Program is sponsored by the Connecticut FAIR Plan, which represents the insurance industry, in cooperation with the Office of the State Fire Marshal, Connecticut Fire Marshals Association, Connecticut Fire Chiefs Association the Department of Energy and Environmental Protection and the state Board of Education.  About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Customer Service Place an ad Purchase a photo Archives Advertising/Classified Cars Homes Today's Ads Classifieds Obituaries Find Norwich jobs Community Info CtSunlight.org Connecticut tourism The Last Green Valley Sex Offender Registry Gas Buddy DOT traffic cameras Comcast Public Access Television Local Business Northeast Chamber of Commerce Greater Norwich Area Chamber of Commerce Chamber of Commerce of Eastern Connecticut Chamber of Commerce Inc. Windham Region Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Bulletin ~ 10 Railroad Place, Norwich, CT 06360 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Communities Police & Fire Court News Business Casinos Education Government Nation & World State News Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports High School H.S. Sports Schedule Youth Sports UConn/College Sports Pro Sports Outdoors New England Pro Sports Sports Columnists Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Theater Calendar Life Celebrations Faith Food Health Home & Garden Restaurant Reviews Columnists Family Pets Boomers Travel Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Cartoons Business Obituaries More Blogs Photos Videos Calendar Norwich Magazine ePaper Manage My Bulletin Chamber Directory Premium Editions Tundra Comic Branded Content Contests Subscriber ePaper Manage My Bulletin Customer Service Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Place an ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Home News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings 11° F Few Clouds Hi: 20° F Lo: 13° F Today’s Forecast Radar 7-Day 5 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Latest Headlines BMI removes Kim Burrell from gospel trailblazers event Updated: 36 mins ago NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — The performing rights organization BMI is the latest group to distance itself from gospel singer Kim Burrell after v… UN chief sees ‘historic opportunity’ for Cyprus breakthrough Updated: 6 mins ago UNITED NATIONS (AP) — Secretary-General Antonio Guterres believes there is “a historic opportunity” for a breakthrough in upcoming negotiati… US ambassador meets goal _ visiting 189 UN missions Updated: 6 mins ago FBI releases documents related to San Bernardino iPhone Updated: 56 mins ago 911 recordings: Man found dead in Maryland woods was naked 8:18 pm Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada Current Conditions 11° F Few Clouds Feels Like: -1° F Wind: W 8 Humidity: 56% Dewpoint: -2° F Sunrise: 7:45 AM Sunset: 4:56 PM Buffalo Weather Forecast 7-Day Currently Buffalo Radar Sponsored by: News 4 Investigates News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Latest Headlines Agents in the air help protect the border November 15, 2016 Special Report Look up the next you visit one of Western New York’s landmarks, and there’s a chance you’ll see federal agents in the air. U.S. Customs and … Love Canal lawsuits continue 40 years later October 31, 2016 The fight over one of America’s worst hazardous waste sites may be far from over. Nearly forty years after tons of toxic waste poisoned part… WNY Family fighting for domestic violence registry October 5, 2016 EPA plans next phase of creek clean-up September 7, 2016 State audit critical of nursing home enforcement procedures August 10, 2016 Sports Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Latest Headlines Akron wins 25th straight at home, 66-59 over W. Michigan Updated: 2 mins ago AKRON, Ohio (AP) — Isaiah Johnson had 16 points and 13 rebounds Friday night and Akron used a strong finish to beat Western Michigan 66-59. … Local athlete played on national junior hockey team 5:49 pm The tournament concluded on Thursday. UMaine women’s hoops coach takes indefinite medical leave Updated: 2 mins ago No. 6 Kentucky encouraged by defensive results Updated: 13 mins ago Pinson set to return for No. 14 UNC against rival NC State Updated: 2 mins ago Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings Search for: Search the site 11° F Few Clouds Hi: 20° F Lo: 13° F The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power ANNE D'INNOCENZIO, The Associated Press Published: December 24, 2016, 10:56 am Updated: December 25, 2016, 12:28 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) NEW YORK (AP) — The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year’s sales. November and December now account for less than 21 percent of annual retail sales at physical stores, down from a peak of over 25 percent, and experts believe it’ll keep dropping. Those extra percentage points would have translated into an extra $70 billion more in buying for last year, says Michael Niemira, principal at The Retail Economist. The season had steadily gained in importance and peaked in the early ’80s, before the dominance of big discounters like Wal-Mart stalled its growth as shoppers began moving away from department stores. Still, the two-month period held its own through the mid-’90s, when online shopping for deals took hold. “There was a mindset even before online shopping,” said Niemira, whose data goes back to 1967. “But this just accelerated it.” In general, many people are shopping for the holidays all year long now, mirroring the trend for back-to-school items. Heavy discounting has diluted sales, and with big promotions throughout the year, shoppers no longer hold off making their biggest purchases until the holidays. This year, the contentious presidential election delayed some shoppers, and with Christmas falling on a Sunday, stores are expecting a bigger number of last-minute buyers. At a busy Target store in Brick, New Jersey on Saturday morning, many shoppers seemed to be picking up small items to use as stocking stuffers. Others were hoping to find a last-minute deal. “I’m pretty much set for Christmas, so I thought I would come down and see what I could find on sale, like maybe a TV,” Terry Kreft, 38, said as she strolled through the store. She has spent about $600 on gifts this year, taking advantage of discounts during the traditional holiday-season shopping days right after Thanksgiving, called “Black Friday” and “Cyber Monday.” “I was pretty much done with my shopping before December got rolling,” Kreft said. But a late rush isn’t expected to make up the difference. “It’s no longer a seasonal business,” said Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst at consumer research firm NPD Group Inc. “It’s a yearlong investment for the consumer. And retailers need to change. They have to excite shoppers early in the season and later in the season — and all year long.” Here’s what’s behind the shift: SHOPPERS DON’T WAIT TO BUY BIG-TICKET ITEMS: Stores now offer good deals throughout the year on products like TVs and appliances, making waiting until the end of the year less appealing. Deloitte LLP found 30 percent of shoppers planned to wait for holiday sales to buy large gifts, down from 35 percent a year ago. “People are not holding back and waiting because they find a good price for all the things they are looking for,” said Rod Sides, vice chairman of Deloitte. Christopher Rogers, a research analyst at Panjiva, which looks at imports, says he has seen a smoothing out of imports during the pre-holiday shopping season from July to November on key items like apparel, toys and furniture. The shift complicates matters for retailers, which could usually concentrate their efforts on capturing shoppers during the holiday window. HEAVY DISOUNTING: With fierce competition online, particularly from Amazon, stores are constantly trying to outdo each other and even undercutting themselves on prices from the previous year. Shoppers have been trained to demand deals, and won’t break the habit. “The heightened competition being driven by the influence of e-commerce largely is driving prices down on popular holiday items,” said Traci Gregorski, senior vice president of marketing at Market Track. “Retailers know consumers frequently compare prices on these categories online and are discounting more heavily to drive traffic and sales.” One example: The average price for a TV from Oct. 1 through Tuesday was $829.52, down from $1,009.41 during the same time last year, according to Market Track, which tracked promoted prices across 40 major retailers on over 19,000 TVs. THE RISE OF GIFT CARDS: Shoppers are giving more gift cards as presents, which skews holiday sales figures since they aren’t booked as sales until they’re redeemed. And most cards no longer have an expiration date. This holiday season, gift cards were ranked second as a top gift, behind only clothing, according to NPD. Gift cards sales accounted for about 25.4 percent of holiday expenditures last year, up from 13.5 percent in 2003, according to Goldman Sachs and The Retail Economist. SHOPPERS WANT EXPERIENCES: Major department stores like Macy’s have been seeing shoppers shifting their spending away from traditional merchandise like clothing and more toward gifts that offer experiences like beauty treatments and other services. NPD found 10 percent of holiday shoppers said they planned to give fewer tangible gifts than last year, and 8 percent said they would not give any tangible gifts. Some 14 percent said they will give more experiences as gifts this year than last year, the research group said. ___ Associated Press writer Bruce Shipkowski in Brick, New Jersey contributed to this report. ___ Follow Anne D’Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WIVB.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Note: Comments containing links are not allowed. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Latest Stories Trending Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIVB News 4 Buffalo, NY © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather Investigative Sports Report It Watch News 4 Live Station Contact Us Send a Birthday Photo Advertise Careers Internship Application Broadcast Scholarship Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Report More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Calendar Contests Community Staff Bios Our Partners CW23 WNLO Media General CBS CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Shopping Jobs Driving Homes Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power     By Anne D'Innocenzio, The Associated Press December 24, 2016     NEW YORK, N.Y. - The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year's sales. November and December now account for less than 21 per cent of annual retail sales at physical stores, down from a peak of over 25 per cent, and experts believe it'll keep dropping. Those extra percentage points would have translated into an extra $70 billion more in buying for last year, says Michael Niemira, principal at The Retail Economist. The season had steadily gained in importance and peaked in the early '80s, before the dominance of big discounters like Wal-Mart stalled its growth as shoppers began moving away from department stores. Still, the two-month period held its own through the mid-'90s, when online shopping for deals took hold. "There was a mindset even before online shopping," said Niemira, whose data goes back to 1967. "But this just accelerated it." In general, many people are shopping for the holidays all year long now, mirroring the trend for back-to-school items. Heavy discounting has diluted sales, and with big promotions throughout the year, shoppers no longer hold off making their biggest purchases until the holidays. This year, the contentious presidential election delayed some shoppers, and with Christmas falling on a Sunday, stores are expecting a bigger number of last-minute buyers. At a busy Target store in Brick, New Jersey on Saturday morning, many shoppers seemed to be picking up small items to use as stocking stuffers. Others were hoping to find a last-minute deal. "I'm pretty much set for Christmas, so I thought I would come down and see what I could find on sale, like maybe a TV," Terry Kreft, 38, said as she strolled through the store. She has spent about $600 on gifts this year, taking advantage of discounts during the traditional holiday-season shopping days right after Thanksgiving, called "Black Friday" and "Cyber Monday." "I was pretty much done with my shopping before December got rolling," Kreft said. But a late rush isn't expected to make up the difference. "It's no longer a seasonal business," said Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst at consumer research firm NPD Group Inc. "It's a yearlong investment for the consumer. And retailers need to change. They have to excite shoppers early in the season and later in the season — and all year long." Here's what's behind the shift: SHOPPERS DON'T WAIT TO BUY BIG-TICKET ITEMS: Stores now offer good deals throughout the year on products like TVs and appliances, making waiting until the end of the year less appealing. Deloitte LLP found 30 per cent of shoppers planned to wait for holiday sales to buy large gifts, down from 35 per cent a year ago. "People are not holding back and waiting because they find a good price for all the things they are looking for," said Rod Sides, vice chairman of Deloitte. Christopher Rogers, a research analyst at Panjiva, which looks at imports, says he has seen a smoothing out of imports during the pre-holiday shopping season from July to November on key items like apparel, toys and furniture. The shift complicates matters for retailers, which could usually concentrate their efforts on capturing shoppers during the holiday window. HEAVY DISCOUNTING: With fierce competition online, particularly from Amazon, stores are constantly trying to outdo each other and even undercutting themselves on prices from the previous year. Shoppers have been trained to demand deals, and won't break the habit. "The heightened competition being driven by the influence of e-commerce largely is driving prices down on popular holiday items," said Traci Gregorski, senior vice-president of marketing at Market Track. "Retailers know consumers frequently compare prices on these categories online and are discounting more heavily to drive traffic and sales." One example: The average price for a TV from Oct. 1 through Tuesday was $829.52, down from $1,009.41 during the same time last year, according to Market Track, which tracked promoted prices across 40 major retailers on over 19,000 TVs. THE RISE OF GIFT CARDS: Shoppers are giving more gift cards as presents, which skews holiday sales figures since they aren't booked as sales until they're redeemed. And most cards no longer have an expiration date. This holiday season, gift cards were ranked second as a top gift, behind only clothing, according to NPD. Gift cards sales accounted for about 25.4 per cent of holiday expenditures last year, up from 13.5 per cent in 2003, according to Goldman Sachs and The Retail Economist. SHOPPERS WANT EXPERIENCES: Major department stores like Macy's have been seeing shoppers shifting their spending away from traditional merchandise like clothing and more toward gifts that offer experiences like beauty treatments and other services. NPD found 10 per cent of holiday shoppers said they planned to give fewer tangible gifts than last year, and 8 per cent said they would not give any tangible gifts. Some 14 per cent said they will give more experiences as gifts this year than last year, the research group said. ___ Associated Press writer Bruce Shipkowski in Brick, New Jersey contributed to this report. ___ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *     Related Topics   business The Canadian Press 2016         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »             News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
null
