  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  'I didn't care. I would do it again': Chilling video shows the moment woman, 65, raised her arms and celebrated in front of police after killing her son-in-law Baylor University football players 'committed 52 rapes in four-year period', lawsuit claims Florida teacher is found not guilty of murder after shooting dead her out-of-control ex-husband who pinned her down and threatened to kill her while he was having oxycodone withdrawal Shocking moment a pick-up truck crashes THROUGH a bus in New York hitting passengers who remarkably walk away largely unscathed  Australian Open 2017 Women's final LIVE: Serena and Venus Williams battle in a major final against each other for the first time in nearly eight years Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world, Ziggy Stardust and her mom being a witch' Trump's 'extreme vetting' measures deny visas and immigration to State Sponsors of Terror, end ALL refugee resettlement for 120 days, and freeze Syrians out until further notice New recording reveals Republican lawmakers' concerns on how to repeal Obamacare - with warnings against a 'quick fix' Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air Force order of 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft  The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the President still has his personal handset David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump mocks BBC's political editor after 'unbelievably crass' question listing his policies she claimed worried Britons What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with Theresa as he declares 'great days lie ahead' and reveals he's meeting the Queen (let's just hope he keeps his hands to himself that day) KATIE HOPKINS: Even Laura, the little killjoy from the BBC, couldn't ruin Donald and Theresa's DC love-in. Now I can't wait for the return visit - let the hating commence!  I believe in torture - but my Pentagon boss doesn't: Trump says Mad Dog Mattis will not order waterboarding and insists he'll let 'general's general' override him Trump orders a 'great rebuilding' of the military during Pentagon visit following report of new arms to smash ISIS - and says Mattis will lead the Pentagon 'brilliantly' Theresa and Donald are getting along 'smoothly' despite her 'psychological discomfort' and his 'nervous chatter': Body language expert on President Trump meeting Prime Minister May Frames around the country that are supposed to feature President Trump's official portrait have been left empty - because the White House hasn't sent out his photo Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions Don't call me Mad Dog, call me Jim: Pentagon chief tries to ditch his Marines nickname (but says he still likes his call sign Chaos) Hillary Clinton could have received 835,000 votes from non-citizens, political scientist who authored controversial voter fraud study claims First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obamas... unlike Barack, George and Bill did with their wives? 'As far as we're aware, Cold War was long dead': Russian Embassy in UK trolls Theresa May with a POEM after she warns Donald Trump about forging close relationship with Moscow Previous Next Police investigate deaths of two men found in a parked SUV in front of a Walmart The bodies of two men were found in a white Dodge Nitro near a Walmart in Caledonia Township, Michigan, on Friday Police say they are treating the deaths as homicides Reports of blood stains on the car summoned forensic investigators to the scene  By Ariel Zilber For Dailymail.com Published: 00:17 EST, 28 January 2017 | Updated: 01:02 EST, 28 January 2017 e-mail 5 shares 1 View comments Police in Michigan are investigating the deaths of two men whose bodies were found in a car parked in front of a Walmart. The victims were discovered inside a white Dodge Nitro that was parked at the Walmart Supercenter store in Caledonia Township on Friday, according to MLive.com. Investigators believe that the two men were murdered, law enforcement officials say. Police have not released the identities of the two men, who were only described as ‘two adult males.’ Police in Michigan are investigating the deaths of two men whose bodies were found in a car parked in front of a Walmart RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air... The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka... Share this article Share Reports from the scene indicate that blood was found on the outside of the SUV, according to WJRT-TV. There is still no word from investigators as to whether the victims were killed while inside the car or if their bodies were stashed inside the vehicle after they were dead. The victims were discovered inside a white Dodge Nitro that was parked at the Walmart Supercenter store in Caledonia Township on Friday Forensic investigators are on the scene gathering evidence which they hope will shed more light on the case.  Video below courtesy of WJRT-TV  Read more: VIDEO: Two men murdered in Owosso, state police leading investigation Michigan State Police say two men found dead in Dodge in Walmart parking lot | MLive.com Share or comment on this article e-mail 5 shares Most watched News videos Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Pizza Hut customer finds workers in the back of empty restaurant in Bristol 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Shocking CCTV shows car speed into Humber Bridge barrier Heartwarming scene as Grayce shares her puppies with owner Florida couple passed out in their car with two children in the backseat A close look at the huge crack formed across Arizona desert Enraged man punches laptop and quits job during 'meltdown' at airport Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border Alarming moment guy violently pushes man onto tube tracks CCTV shows brave man fighting nunchuck-wielding robbers Inauguration etiquette 101: Escort First Lady up White House steps Comments (1) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy sweater as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world' Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event In LA Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Event took place at the Sunset Tower Hotel Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles King of Pop's daughter stepped out in LA Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration She dazzled 'Two special girls'! Marla Maples shares pointed throwback snap of herself with Ivanka and Tiffany Trump as girls - after Ivanka said she and her stepmother weren't close Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The two starlets were an arresting sight in red Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala Donned a two-piece black pantsuit Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Shopping in Beverly Hills at Saks Fifth Avenue Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills The reality star wore tiny black shorts  Schuyler Sisters of the hit Broadway musical Hamilton will sing America the Beautiful at Super Bowl 51 In Houston, Texas, on February 5 All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Support system! Paul Rudd joins screenwriter wife Julie at Sundance premiere of their new film Fun Mom Dinner Posed at its world premiere  Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Former Victoria's Secret Angel  David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Brokeback Mountain star Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA The 26-year-old Twilight star  Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store Spotted in Beverly Hills, California  'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film A series of 'moving poster' videos A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala The event was at the Microsoft Theater at L.A.  Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds It's been a sad few weeks for the Fisher family PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion New line-up is revealed for the show 'He joined the Nazi Party': The Young and the Restless star Eric Braeden reveals details about his German father and long career in new memoir The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash Baywatch babe Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Keeping fit That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  As the Queen opens her secret archive for the first time ROBERT HARDMAN is given exclusive access to astonishing revelations about the real George III EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  The royal couple have hired gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photo of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing The beauty shared images of her injuries Make way for Megyn! NBC 'to revamp the Today show and possibly move Hoda and Kathie Lee from their timeslot when Kelly joins the network' 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set Highly anticipated 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik Swift at her sexiest Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander Dominic and Alicia have worked together before Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches in between takes on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl She is yet to confirm they are expecting a second child As Couture Fashion Week comes to a close, FEMAIL breaks down the street style outfits modeled by Bella Hadid, Olivia Palermo and Kendall Jenner  'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears She captioned the pic: '#Legends #BlondesRule #FBF' Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Gideon and Harper were making cupcakes Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Her character will give fans a closer look into Will's timeline Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project in New York City She is in the city shooting bio-pic Can You Ever Forgive Me? Beauty crash course: Kate Hudson's manicurist shares the surprising household items you can use to create on-trend DIY nail looks this weekend  Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for appearance on The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Judy Garland's remains are dug up from her grave in New York and moved to LA 48 years after her death by her daughter Liza Minnelli  'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on 47lbs for new film Gold Nothing says I love you like bondage rope... Gwyneth Paltrow debuts saucy Valentine's gift guide filled with crude jewelry, risque lingerie and organic condoms Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice The Rich Girl hitmaker gushed: 'There's nobody like Celine' City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman Bristol Palin shares snap of herself testing out new pregnancy pillow given to her by her husband and son, just days after she slammed the Women's March Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Spotted in Los Angeles Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage's disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX He gave a glimpse of his battle with baldness on Thursday 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of fine for dangerous cliff diving During a break in filming on Pacific Rim: Uprising Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after the school run Mother of three kids and a successful actress Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Posing on her Snapchat Story in a sheer top In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day out  Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Hotly anticipated movie Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! A pram fit for a king! Pregnant Cheryl and One Direction's Liam Payne get delivery from Royal family favorite company Preparing Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Logan actor hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Funny clip She's got the moves! Steph Curry's adorable daughter Riley, 4, steals the show again with impromptu dab-off at father's high school jersey retirement Rafael Nadal's girlfriend Xisca Perello joins him for the first time at Australian Open and gives him some VERY close support... as he reaches the final 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organized pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks Is this your shady sitcom star? Tom Arnold tweets about 'weather in Africa' as I'm A Celebrity posts silhouette video that matches Roseanne actor PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  Very excited fans Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes her dog for a walk... amid rumors her relationship with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is over Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live by Night results in $75million loss for Warner Bros Took critical response to Batman v Superman very personally Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North Ultimate bachelorette pad! Mary Tyler Moore's home from her days as Mary Richards goes on sale for $1.7m boasting seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms and SAUNA  Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Shout out to my (other) ex: Perrie Edwards deletes Instagram snap of boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain after that nightclub row  Is it over already? Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich, UK Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child, ex Paula Patton and her mother'  Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub Mistakenly named as an Oscar nominee. Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend She took a stroll in West Hollywood Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco Obama is set to cash in on presidency with a reported $20MILLION advance for his memoirs  'Go for more than any president's before it' From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  'Do better!' Lucy Hale is slammed on Twitter after joking about showing off 'baby hairs' in a shoot, prompting many to accuse her of ignorance  Portraits fit for the Queen go up for auction: Pictures of Royals and political leaders by artist who painted Her Majesty while she watched racing on TV  Specs appeal! Baywatch beauty Priyanka Chopra rocks aviator eyeglasses while out in New York City Plays Alex Parrish on the ABC thriller Quantico A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a TV show appearance 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Throwback Thursday! Kristen Bell shares snap of her crying at her 2013 wedding to Dax Shepard The 36-year-old actress wrote: '#tbt to when I cried at our wedding' 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere On the red carpet Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC  She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leaves for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Jetting off 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke Will headline an upcoming ABC thriller  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala Forever associated with his on-screen love affair 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body The 32-year-old reality star  Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  They seem to be serious     DON'T MISS Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore Sharing heartache 'Sorry to offend the black-stretch-pants women of America with a little color': Kellyanne Conway defends her inaugural look after social media mocking  Ivana Trump took a first class flight out of Washington DC just SIX hours after the inauguration to avoid running into Marla Maples Doomed Russian submarine used in Harrison Ford's K-19: the Widowmaker flick is bound for the scrapyard as lawsuit orders its removal from the Providence River  EXCLUSIVE: Allman Brothers Band drummer Butch Trucks shot himself in the head at his beachfront Florida condo in front of his artist wife of 25 years 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today Interview on The Rich Eisen Show Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign For her latest modelling campaign Chris on a bike! Coldplay star Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  Donned a helmet Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia Starred as the title character from 1967 to 1975 'Dreamt about Alexis ... I started crying': Patricia Arquette makes emotional revelation while mourning late sibling who died four months ago EXCLUSIVE: Joanna Krupa ordered to hand over her gynecological records in lawsuit against Brandi Glanville for calling the model's private parts 'smelly' Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Southside With You's Tika Sumpter reveals how her fiancé Nicholas popped the question Christmas day The 36-year-old new mother  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Vacation time She's Coming Out! Diana Ross bundles up in sweats and Uggs for grocery run in Los Angeles She's one legendary vocalists  Better late than never! Aussie actor Brendan Cowell will join the cast of Game Of Thrones in the cult show's final season Seventh season  'Still cancer free!' Flip or Flop's Tarek El Moussa celebrates latest health tests while turmoil continues with estranged wife Christina A tough few months  Oscar-nominee Octavia Spencer homages Mary Tyler Moore in accepting Harvard's Hasty Pudding award Academy Award-winning actress Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Yet to collaborate onscreen Kristen Stewart and former co-star Chloe Grace Moretz hang out in LA for second day in a row They starred in Clouds Of Sils Maria together Casual cool! Alessandra Ambrosio jets back into LA in black sweatsuit after attending Paris Fashion Week It's all in a day's work  RHOBH star Dorit Kemsley flashes her bra in sheer top but adds a fur coat for warmth while out in NYC She is quickly making a name for herself  Rebel with a cause! Aussie actor Wilson gets patriotic as she puts on Australia Day party complete with sausage rolls for her Pitch Perfect co-stars including Ruby Rose Jean genie! Emma Roberts dons double denim as she heads to lunch with fiance Evan Peters following weekend birthday celebrations 'I want this predator off the street': Black-ish star Jenifer Lewis sues gym chain after personal trainer lover  'conned her out of $50K' Lawsuit Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed black hat as she goes sightseeing in Paris... a day after surprise visit to northern France's refugees 'That waist is impossible!': Chloe Lattanzi bares her EXTREMELY lean midsection in a boob tube and hipster jeans sparking debate among fans It's the little things! Cate Blanchett and husband Andrew Upton take two of their big brood for a wintry stroll in New York She is 47 Amber Le Bon flashes her lithe pins in a floaty mini dress as she takes to the decks at Tiffany and Co. Munich bash Arriving at the brand's A New York Minute launch Paris Hilton brings some Hollywood glamour to London as she heads for another night out in blue furry wrap and statement shades Nick Cannon jokes he used to 'stalk' Beyonce in throwback Thursday snap He wrote '@Beyonce was looking at me like "Little Boy Please!!"  Mel's back on the frontline: It's the bloodiest film about a pacifist you'll ever see - and promises to fire director Mel Gibson back to the top of the Hollywood tree Eugenie has a spot of bother: Princess tries (and fails) to hide dark blemish on her top lip as she attends party in London's Mayfair  She was extremely guarded  Street style! Elle Fanning cuts a casual figure at LAX after gracing the cover of Vanity Fair's glamorous Hollywood issue  At the airport No traffic snarls here! Secret Service use just two SUVs for morning run to Barron Trump's school - and no streets are closed along the way PETA power: Animal rights group will protest opening night of A Dog's Life after canine was seen being forced into turbulent water on set, despite stars claims that video is misleading The Bold and The Beautiful to film episodes in Australia in celebration of show's 30th TV anniversary... and to boost tourism Next month 'We weren't the popular kids at school': Ed Sheeran reveals what drives him and BFF Taylor Swift to chart-conquering success Speaking to GQ Brooklyn Beckham looks ready to create some street art as he makes a low-key arrival at exhibition launch  Arriving at the Buster and Punch X Endless Filth show Puppy love! Sofia Richie steps out in brightly coloured ensemble as she carries her pet pooch to lunch in West Hollywood With her pooch Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Leaving LA ith the rest of the Kardashian clan Olivia's band of survivors: Newton-John, Beth Nielsen Chapman and Amy Sky pack an emotional punch on album Liv On New release Star Wars actress Daisy Ridley set to lead historical WWII drama A Woman Of No Importance Paramount Pictures announcement Why Breaking Bad's Bryan is going to be 'mad as hell': Actor to make his London stage debut in theater version of the film Network Treading the boards Winter is coming...this summer! Game Of Thrones season 7 release date 'leaked' online after premiere was pushed back Preparing for the comeback Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Took her nail game to the next level  Now WIRE nails are the latest beauty trend: Manicurist creates incredibly intricate designs out of shaped metal... so would you try it? Sequel that is well worth choo-choo choosing: T2 Trainspotting is a darkly funny follow-up to the original    Director is Danny Boyle  Britney Spears flashes her pelvis tattoos in VERY lowcut sweatpants on Snapchat as she flaunts her figure in selfie shared by her stylist  I'm kicking cancer's a**': Fitness model, 24, diagnosed with aggressive ovarian cancer shares photo showing her hair growing back after chemotherapy 'Much happier' Brad Pitt emerges for solo outing after 'spending more time with his children' amid ugly split from Angelina Jolie In Los Angeles  Julianne Hough flashes some skin in plunging top as she pampers herself at LA salon Sometimes a girl's just got to spend time being pampered Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Two peas in a pod! Amber Heard steps out with lookalike sister Whitney to walk her pups after winning custody of animals in divorce from Depp 'Suicide is a serious issue': Idina Menzel apologizes for saying she wanted to 'slit her own wrists' during interview Faced criticism Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London Made a rare outing  EXCLUSIVE: Mary J. Blige knocks ANOTHER $1 million off her New Jersey mansion as her soon-to-be ex demands $130,000 a month in spousal support Teen Mom star Jenelle Evans shares first pictures of  newborn daughter Ensley Following the birth of her third child on Tuesday she took to Instagram Eating for two! Ciara showcases her growing baby bump in a skintight top as she steps out for dinner in LA First child with husband Russell Wilson Shannen Doherty touches down in New York as she takes to the road to travel and give back as she awaits cancer treatment results  'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Very similar looking 'The stress was too much for my body': Eva Amurri Martino reveals milk supplied reduced after son's accident as she discusses decision to quit breastfeeding Could Kardashians get a place in the blueblood bible? New owner of Burke's Peerage wants it updated for the 21st Century  New accolade? Putting her best foot forward! Kesha rocks schoolgirl mini skirt and thigh-high boots as she travels out of LA The 29-year-old Tik Tok chart-topper  Double duty: Quick change Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich put on a stylish show on film promo tour of New York Busy promoting the latest installment Kourtney Kardashian goes for the sporty look in athletic gear while running errands with Mason The mother of three is always on the move Turning heads on take off! Amber Rose flashes ample cleavage in clingy top as she jets out of LA The 33-year-old was spotted leaving Los Angeles on Thursday How Mary Tyler Moore championed diabetes research: Beloved late actress was the first - and only - high profile celeb to advocate for Type 1 'That hair!' LeAnn Rimes shares a throwback photo of herself as a child star with huge bouffant Today shared an awkward throwback 'There are things in my past that make me sick': Singer from rock band Cheap Girls admits to 'predatory' behavior and abusing the 'artist-fan dynamic' as he announces split A new girl (or boy)! Zooey Deschanel, 37, is expecting her second child with husband Jacob Pechenik Mum to Elsie Otter Showing Bucky what he's missing! Ashley Hart sports a smile and flaunts her fabulous figure in a bikini less than week after split from Buck Palmer A castle headdress, parrot wings and a LOBSTER outfit: Miss Universe contestants strut their stuff in very bizarre 'national costumes' EXCLUSIVE: Last minute hitch in Uma Thurman's custody battle with ex-fiancée Arpad Busson as the actress blows off court appearance for a play Shia LaBeouf is back speaking against Trump after attacking fellow protester live on camera - but now has his mom and wife by his side for support Diana Kruger highlights her endless legs in sheer pink mini-dress with faux fur stole as she attends gala dinner at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week Shine bright! FEMAIL reveals why you should stop saving your sequins for evenings and start rocking the over-the-top detail in broad daylight Be our guest! Emma Watson stuns in new Beauty And The Beast posters released ahead of the film's final trailer Disney fans are in for quite the treat today Sherri Shepherd's ex-husband Lamar Sally prepares to use her own Christmas card against her in court as bitter child support battle continues She's a rebel! Bella Thorne gets yet ANOTHER piercing on inside of her ear after getting a nipple ring  Already has multiple piercings  Hot new couple The Weeknd and Selena Gomez enjoy fun and games at arcade with pals  The pair headed to Dave & Buster's with friends  'It's easier when you're younger!' Audrina Patridge reveals why she wants to have three babies back-to-back with husband Corey Bohan Courtney Stodden flaunts her ample cleavage as she heads out for dinner with friends Attention-loving blonde, 22, was hard to miss 'It's how I'm wired': Emma Stone talks crippling anxiety which put her in therapy from age 7 as she reveals she dropped out of high school at 15 to act Gwyneth Paltrow the trendsetter wears bizarre wide leg trousers cropped to the ankle on breezy outing in LA  Goop queen  'An incredible milestone': Ivanka Trump shares sweet video of 10-month-old Theodore crawling for the FIRST TIME in the White House Nice ice! Mariah Carey continues to wear James Packer's engagement ring as she and boyfriend Brian Tanaka take her twins out for frozen yoghurt Bella Hadid parades around in skimpy black underwear for Dior make-up tutorial video The 20-year-old model flaunted her endless lean limbs Baywatch babe Kelly Rohrbach swaps her lifeguard suit for a skimpy bikini as she flaunts her buxom bust for new fashion campaign Natalie Portman cradles her bare baby bump in striking Vanity Fair image for magazine's Hollywood Issue Shot by Annie Leibovitz Pregnant Natalie Portman, Amy Adams, Lupita Nyong'o and Emma Stone among A-list actresses showcased in Vanity Fair's Hollywood Issue Iranian actress Taraneh Alidoosti, star of Oscar-nominated The Salesman, vows to boycott awards in protest at Trump's 'racist' visa ban EXCLUSIVE: Omarosa pushed Trump to hire black entertainers for inauguration but he didn't want to because 'black people didn't support me' Oprah coming to a fridge near you! Winfrey set to launch a line of ready-meals to help more people eat healthy after her 42 pound weight loss Nina Dobrev confirms she's returning to The Vampire Diaries for season finale as she shares snap of script for last episode Return of the star  'A lot of secrets are going to come out!': Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie documentary set to 'reveal reasons behind their divorce' To go inside the divorce 'I was scared to death!' Molly Sims describes going into labour with baby Grey after two C-sections Introduced the world to her third child  'Is this an opportunity for a three-way?' Dax Shepard jokes introducing Kristen Bell to her celebrity crush Riz Ahmed came off as X-rated proposition Madeleine Albright and Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik say they will register as Muslims in solidarity if Trump creates Islamic database   'I can't wait to sink my teeth into this!' Elton John to co-write musical version of The Devil Wears Prada bound for Broadway Wrote the Lion King  'It hurts... he was my first true love': Chrisley Knows Best star Savannah tearfully reveals split from boyfriend Opened up about split Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich look stunning as they stop by GMA to promote Resident Evil film in NYC Busy promoting the latest installment 'I love you with all my heart': Kim Richards pays tribute to late ex husband Monty Brinson on one year anniversary of his death Gone but not forgotten 'My first sexual encounter was abuse': Thandie Newton reveals she's had candid discussions with her daughters about her assault and racism  On the royal run! Prince Harry dons Lycra leggings as he takes to the streets of London for a jog with young homeless people on a charity visit  Does this prove there's a royal engagement on the way? Meghan Markle's Suits co-star hints she could be 'a future princess of England' Make-up free Calista Flockhart, 52, steps out in rainy Los Angeles to take her teenage son to the barber Took her 16-year-old boy to get his hair cut  Bowled over! Matthew McConaughey blows off some steam at LA bowling alley in between promoting his latest movie Gold Enjoyed some downtime Zayn Malik cuts a low-key figure as he steps out solo in New York... ahead of the video release of Fifty Shades Darker collaboration with Taylor Swift 'There's nothing wrong with a little sag': Kanye's video girl Teyana Taylor showcases her athletic figure in SELF as she discusses her post-baby body Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick, 29, nips out in New York to go shopping for newborn Deveraux Headed out to a baby store in the Big Apple Feeling the love! Kylie Jenner is going all out for Valentine's Day with an expansive new make-up collection that she calls her 'favorite so far'  Karaoke singing and dancing fit for Strictly: Why La La Land is the Best Picture we deserve in an era that and celebrates the amateur Suited for the Trump era  As the world pays tribute to late actress Mary Tyler Moore, FEMAIL reveals how the star paved the way for fashion-loving women with her bold style  Scarlett Johansson and husband Romain Dauriac hit back at 'split' rumours as they put on a united front at NYC exhibition... but where is her wedding ring?   'I'm going to protect my daughter': Corinne Olympios' mother Peri insists Bachelor 'villain' isn't engaged, a w**** or a slave-owner Biting back That's love all!  Serena Williams blows her fiance Alexis Ohanian a court side kiss at the Australian Open as Reddit co-founder looks on adoringly Lottie Moss flaunts TINY waist as she channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous 'basic b****' meltdown 'I still can't believe Mary Tyler Moore touched my face. Will love her forever': Oprah Winfrey pays tribute to her heroine and relives THAT sweet TV moment EXCLUSIVE: Madonna is trying to adopt four-year-old TWIN SISTERS called Stella and Esther from Malawi A government official told DailyMail.com  And action! Heidi Klum directs sexy photo shoot between two near naked Next Top Model contestants on a bed moving down Hollywood Boulevard Madonna and Matthew McConaughey set to become millionaires (all over again) as investors in Vito Coco, which may be looking to sell for up to $1billion   'We'll do something special': Olivia Newton-John, 68, hints at Grease reunion to mark 40th anniversary of the iconic musical  Delighted fans Up All Night? Louis Tomlinson looks tired as he grabs a coffee in New York... days after split from girlfriend Danielle Campbell is revealed Dressed down  Romee Strijd bares her taut tummy for date with boyfriend Laurens van Leeuwen at Catch LA Just returned from a romantic Mexican getaway Winter's coming! Modern Family star Ariel cuts a casual figure in skinny ripped jeans as she steps out for a pampering session Kept her head down  Flying under the radar? Rita Ora cuts a low-key and casual figure as she lands at London's Heathrow airport Cutting a very casual figure  PICTURED: Moving truck spotted at Bel Air estate of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West... amid ongoing work at duo's Hidden Hills home Baseball beauty Meghan King Edmonds 'will not be returning to Real Housewives of Orange County' Wife of former baseball All-Star Jim Edmonds Agony for George Michael's family as his body has STILL not been released for funeral a month since his death as the coroner awaits toxicology results  A couple that dresses alike: Emily Blunt looks chic in skinny leather trousers and stylish coat as she enjoys dinner with matching husband John Krasinski Mother of former Love & Hip Hop Atlanta reality TV star is FOUND safe at home amid kidnapping fears Police in Georgia were  searching  Lady in red! Queen Letizia is a vision in a figure-hugging gown as she welcomes foreign ambassadors to the palace in Madrid   Impeccably-dressed  Shia LaBeouf is ARRESTED live on camera during anti-Trump livestream after 'getting in a fight with a passing protester'  'I don't think it served our purpose': Cyndi Lauper criticizes Madonna's Women's March speech on WWHL Speaking on Watch What Happens Live It had to be Dunn! Jourdan flaunts her supermodel figure in a plunging black bikini top as she snaps a sizzling selfie Catwalk queen Hello, Norma Jeane! Unique negative of Marilyn Monroe while she was still plain 20-year-old Miss Baker hoping for fame is being sold for $3,700 Doting mum Charlize Theron beams as she joins son Jackson and daughter August on the rides at Disneyland Charlize adopted Jackson in March 2012  Iskra Lawrence displays her peachy posterior and hourglass curves in black lingerie and crop top as she pouts up a storm in new video 'Well that just made my lifetime': Topless Kelly Brook sends Twitter wild over her VERY sexy  commercial aired during Britain's National Television Awards Fancy footwear! Make-up free Drew Barrymore steps out in gold platform heels as she arrives at NYC airport On the promotional trail 'Give up the pursuit for perfection': Size 10 model Iskra Lawrence dismisses airbrushing as she proudly displays her curves in a thong for untouched shoot Taking the plunge! Jamie Chung rocks extremely low-cut one piece and slashed jeans for night out in LA Spotted leaving Delilah after meal  Camilla becomes a plumber! Duchess of Cornwall is made an honorary member of a 650-year-old livery company Honored in London  Shock split! Scarlett Johansson emerges without her wedding ring after 'secretly ending two-year marriage to Frenchman Romain Dauriac' On-the-go: Sofia Vergara wolfs down a snack in between takes while on set for Modern Family In between takes whilst filming the ABC sitcom  Boys' night out! Lamar Odom flashes his silver grillz as he enjoys a night out in West Hollywood post-rehab Lamar Odom was seen beaming on Tuesday  Taking the lead! Sophia Ecclestone, two, takes her pet pooch for a walk... as doting mum Tamara shows off her $10.8k personalized designer bag Leo DiCaprio's girlfriend Nina Agdal goes topless in racy Sports Illustrated Swimsuit photo shoot  She is a seasoned veteran of the magazine  Bryce Dallas Howard cuts a trim figure in clinging black patterned dress while heading to appearance in New York The 35-year-old looked every bit the A-list star AnnaSophia Robb goes make-up free as she steps out with a mystery man in New York City Not the usual trappings of famous actresses  Melania Trump is hiring a team to help her fight back against social media attacks from the likes of Chelsea Handler  Insiders say Marvel at the mini Minogues! Kylie shares adorable Australia Day flashback as sister Dannii joins in posting a retro photo of her own Australian treasures  'Don't let Donald Trump find out': Ellen Pompeo jokes she doesn't want new US President to know she's 'practicing fake medicine' on Grey's Anatomy It's Margot Roo-bie: Australian star posts home as Sophie Monk, Skye Wheatley, Roxy Jacenko and stars share sunny Australia Day posts  'She was a pioneer on television and will be so missed': Carol Burnett leads tributes to Mary Tyler Moore after TV icon dies at 80  Comedic legend 'You've left a legacy that I don't think will be matched in my lifetime': Christine Anu pens moving letter to her 'role model' Michelle Obama Made a name for herself  Television icon Mary Tyler Moore dies aged 80 after 'being on a respirator for more than a week at a Connecticut hospital' Beloved star  Today's headlines Most Read The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's... 'I didn't care. I would do it again': Chilling video shows the moment woman, 65, raised her arms and... Baylor University football players 'committed 52 rapes in four-year period', lawsuit claims Florida teacher is found not guilty of murder after shooting dead her out-of-control ex-husband who pinned... Shocking moment a pick-up truck crashes THROUGH a bus in New York hitting passengers who remarkably walk... Australian Open 2017 Women's final LIVE: Follow Serena Williams vs Venus Williams tennis action from... Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming... Trump's 'extreme vetting' measures deny visas and immigration to State Sponsors of Terror, end ALL refugee... New recording reveals Republican lawmakers' concerns on how to repeal Obamacare - with warnings against a... Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air Force order of 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft  The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the... David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new... 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump mocks BBC's political editor after 'unbelievably crass'... What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with Theresa as he declares 'great days lie ahead' and... KATIE HOPKINS: Even Laura, the little killjoy from the BBC, couldn't ruin Donald and Theresa's DC love-in.... I believe in torture – but my Pentagon boss doesn't: Trump says Mad Dog Mattis will not order waterboarding... Trump orders a ‘great rebuilding’ of the military during Pentagon visit following report of new arms to... Theresa and Donald are getting along 'smoothly' despite her 'psychological discomfort' and his 'nervous... Frames around the country that are supposed to feature President Trump's official portrait have been left... Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions Don't call me Mad Dog, call me Jim: Pentagon chief tries to ditch his Marines nickname (but says he still... Hillary Clinton could have received 835,000 votes from non-citizens, political scientist who authored... First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to... 'As far as we're aware, Cold War was long dead': Russian Embassy in UK trolls Theresa May with a POEM after... As President Trump lavished Theresa May with compliments, was that a Jane Austen blush on the Prime... Donald Trump will publish a weekly list of crimes committed by illegal immigrants and will hire 10,000... Trump's cabinet is worth $14 BILLION - so no wonder they're living the lifestyles of the super-rich (down to... Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow... 'Life is winning again': Mike Pence fires up anti-abortion activists in Washington march a week on from... MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Wal-Mart to Wall Street Dream Dies as Citadel Securities CEO Out by Annie Massa @antoniabmassa More stories by Annie Massa and Matthew Leising @mattleising More stories by Matthew Leising January 27, 2017, 5:04 PM EST January 27, 2017, 8:45 PM EST Kevin Turner left job just months after joining from Microsoft He started as Wal-Mart cashier, moved up to Ken Griffin’s firm Kevin Turner Photographer: Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg Kevin Turner, who joined Citadel Securities as chief executive officer after a career that led from Wal-Mart cashier to the top-paying job at Microsoft Corp., is leaving the market-making firm just months after he was hired. Peng Zhao, previously global head of market making, replaced Turner as CEO, said company spokesman Zia Ahmed. When it was announced in July that Turner was coming aboard, Zhao was promoted to chief scientist, a role created specifically for him. Zhao has worked at Citadel Securities since 2006. At Citadel Securities, the trading firm affiliated with Ken Griffin’s $26 billion hedge fund, the 51-year-old Turner joined an industry unlike the retail and tech worlds where he had thrived. The company says it handles about 18 percent of volume in the U.S. stock market, accounts for more than one-third of all retail stock orders, and matches more than one in five of all U.S. listed options trades. “This is the biggest opportunity I’ve ever been a part of in terms of reshaping an industry,” Turner said in an interview in November at the 35th floor of Citadel’s Chicago headquarters. Business Gurus Turner, a voracious reader of business-strategy books, tears through them faster than Amazon Prime can deliver them. And at the behemoth companies where he’s been in charge, he frequently invited gurus to come in and speak. When he was an executive at Wal-Mart Stores Inc., he brought in Jim Collins to help his executives learn how to go from “Good to Great.” Later, as chief operating officer of Microsoft, Turner tapped Deepak Chopra to discuss “The Soul of Leadership.” Carol Dweck’s Mindset: The New Psychology of Success was the latest title to earn Turner’s recommendation. Within his first 100 days as chief executive officer of Citadel Securities he’d handed out the book to senior executives. That wide range of authors and philosophies proved little help, however, as Turner failed to navigate one of the trickiest straits in finance: growing a business at Citadel while not being named Ken Griffin. Other Departures Turner’s departure was the second executive loss for Citadel Securities in recent weeks. Tian Zeng, who led Citadel Securities into the market for credit-default swaps, left earlier this month after a year at the firm. Griffin has seen executives come and go in short order before. In 2008, he hired former Merrill Lynch & Co. executive Rohit D’Souza to spearhead a new investment bank, and he quit a year later. His replacement, Patrik Edsparr, was ousted after seven months in the role following disagreements over business strategy and management. Turner had pulled off dramatic career moves before. He ascended from cashier to executive at Wal-Mart, then was wooed away in 2005 to Microsoft, where he spent 11 years as COO. He’d never previously worked in financial markets. The two people who built the business Turner was shepherding at Citadel Securities, Jamil Nazarali and Paul Hamill, had years of executive experience in their fields, as well as a deep understanding of what it means to report to Griffin. Nazarali, who runs Citadel Securities’ equities and options unit, previously was an executive at Knight Capital Group, a predecessor to KCG Holdings Inc. Hamill, who heads its business in fixed income, rates and currencies, joined from UBS Group AG. Counting the Days A methodical boss, Turner kept track of the days he’d been on the job at Citadel Securities. One Tuesday in November, after noting it was his 70th day in charge, he looked back at how his attention to detail ensured his advance from ringing up Wal-Mart customers to helping keep the company’s books. “I was a pretty lethal auditor, because I’d worked in the stores,” he said. Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Turner attended East Central University in Ada, Oklahoma, taking a job as a Wal-Mart cashier. When he spotted a pretty girl coming through his aisle one day in 1986, he chatted her up, got her number, and later asked her out. They married a few years later and recently celebrated their 27th anniversary. After several promotions, Turner found himself in the auditing department, where the reports he wrote caught the eye of founder Sam Walton. On Walton’s advice, Turner moved into data processing, where he ultimately saved the retailing giant millions of dollars by writing computer code to streamline back-office systems. As a leader, Turner liked to look for a formula for success and hold employees accountable. At Citadel Securities, he was in the process of creating and implementing a “common definition of success” to hold employees to his exacting standards. Color Coding That was also his strategy at Microsoft, where he was the company’s highest-paid executive. Turner managed more than 51,000 employees in 191 countries and helped to increase revenue from $40 billion to $94 billion from 2005 to 2015. He introduced color-coded assessments across 30 areas of worker performance. Steve Ballmer, the former Microsoft CEO who hired Turner away from Wal-Mart, recalled reviewing that system with Turner. They met to discuss the Microsoft scorecard metrics over shrimp and nonalcoholic beverages -- iced tea or diet soda for Turner, seltzer for Ballmer -- at a Mexican restaurant in Seattle. Together they combed through the 30 benchmarks. “His mantra was to pick some goals and really inspect people who aren’t making them,” Ballmer said. “He shifted the culture.” The system wasn’t for everyone. The new focus on metrics didn’t sit well with some employees, Ballmer said. “Kevin broke a little glass when he got there in order to drive up accountability,” he said. “You can’t run an operation with too much loosey-goose.” Even after just months at Citadel Securities, Griffin on Friday credited him with making a “lasting impact.” “Kevin has made important contributions across many areas of Citadel Securities,” Griffin said in a statement. Asked in late November if he feels like he’s fully in control of the giant securities trading operation yet, Turner threw back his head and laughed for just a beat too long. “I am getting my arms around this business, and I’m enjoying it,” he said. “I’m having a lot of fun.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Warms to House Republicans’ Proposed Border-Adjusted Tax China’s Army of Global Homebuyers Is Suddenly Short on Cash Trump Greets U.K.'s May as World Leaders Look For Cues Dutch Regulator Accidentally Posts Soros’s Short Positions Scaramucci Scores Millions From Buyer With Mystery Investors Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Football Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Girls Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Baseball Softball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Water Polo Girls Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Two men dead in Walmart parking lot -- 'Nobody knows what to think' Print Email Michael Kransz | mkransz@mlive.com By Michael Kransz | mkransz@mlive.com The Saginaw News Email the author on January 27, 2017 at 10:22 PM, updated January 27, 2017 at 10:29 PM comments OWOSSO, MI -- Rather than asking for a drink, customers Friday night coming through the doors of the Rainbow Bar asked first if anyone had heard about what happened. Police were investigating a double homicide less than a mile from city limits in a Walmart Supercenter parking lot. Around 5:20 p.m. Friday, Jan. 27, police received a call stating there were dead people inside a vehicle in the parking lot of the Walmart at 1621 E M-21 in Caledonia Township, said Michigan State Police Lt. Paul Pummill. Michigan State Police Lt. David Kaiser said police are investigating it as a double homicide. Police have not released the identities of the individuals other than they are two adult men. Police say there are no suspects in the ongoing investigation, and that no one in the area is in danger. Police investigate double homicide in Walmart parking lot Even a single homicide would be an oddity for the area, a place where drunken brawls and intoxicated drivers largely constitute the latest scandal, Robert McNamara said, unable to recall the area's last homicide. The Walmart Supercenter is located in Caledonia Township, between the cities of Owosso and Corunna in Shiawassee County. In the latest U.S. Census, the cities totaled a combined 20,000 people, with Owosso accounting for around 15,000 of them. Robert McNamara serves up drinks Friday night at the Rainbow Bar.  McNamara, 25, has been living in the area for as long as he's been alive. He's a bartender at the Rainbow Bar, 905 W Main St. As business began picking up around 9 p.m. Friday at the bar, those who came through the door greeted friends with a "Did you hear about what happened?" and, at least one time, heard in return, "How bizarre!" McNamara said it was sure to be the talk of the night. The city was abuzz with news and rumors. "It's not something that happens around here," McNamara said. "Everybody is like, 'Hey, did you hear about that? What'd you hear?'" Until greater detail on the homicides comes out, McNamara said he's remaining skeptical. The high-profile location, he said, makes more sense for a drug overdose of some kind than a homicide. State police investigating double homicide in Walmart parking lot Brandon Warner, 31, moved from Battle Creek to Owosso around six months ago with his girlfriend, who now studies at Baker College. "We were used to hearing gunshots and police sirens in Battle Creek, you know?" Warner said. "We didn't expect this -- not here." Warner and his girlfriend visited Owosso nearly three times before they decided to move to there. What struck them about the city was the calm. "It's been peaceful and quiet," he said. "The people are so great. It's just weird something like this would happen here." Among his area friends on Facebook, Warner said the slayings are the most discussed topic. "Nobody knows what to think," he said. Michigan's Best Day 2: Highlights from Ann Arbor, Saline and Tecumseh Day 1: We visited Detroit, the bowling capital of the world The 27 bowling alleys we'll visit on our search Your picks for Michigan's Best Bowling Alley 10 facts about bowling in Michigan Guide to all Michigan's Best searches Complete coverage » Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Football Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Girls Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Baseball Softball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Water Polo Girls Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Michigan State Police say two men found dead in Dodge in Walmart parking lot Print Email Oona Goodin-Smith | ogoodins@mlive.com By Oona Goodin-Smith | ogoodins@mlive.com The Flint Journal Email the author | Follow on Twitter on January 27, 2017 at 8:28 PM, updated January 27, 2017 at 10:30 PM comments CALEDONIA TWP. -- Michigan State Police say two men were found dead in a white Dodge Nitro in a Walmart parking lot. Two men dead in Walmart parking lot -- 'Nobody knows what to think' Police responded to a call that described two men inside a vehicle in the lot on Friday, Jan. 27 at the Walmart Supercenter located at 1621 E M-21 in Caledonia Township. They are calling the situation a double homicide and actively investigating the scene, confirmed Lt. David Kaiser. State police investigating double homicide in Walmart parking lot The SUV is roped off in the shopping center parking lot while police investigate. Police have not released the identities of the individuals other than that they are two adult men. Police say there are no suspects in the ongoing investigation, and that no one in the area is in danger. MLive-The Flint Journal photographer Mac Snyder contributed to this story. Michigan's Best Day 2: Highlights from Ann Arbor, Saline and Tecumseh Day 1: We visited Detroit, the bowling capital of the world The 27 bowling alleys we'll visit on our search Your picks for Michigan's Best Bowling Alley 10 facts about bowling in Michigan Guide to all Michigan's Best searches Complete coverage » Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Pasar al contenido principal Aviso Oportuno Revistas Blogs Servicios Inmuebles Vehiculos FOTOS EL UNIVERSAL TV GRÁFICOS MINUTO X MINUTO LO MÁS VISTO Formulario de búsqueda Término de búsqueda Nación Seguridad Política Sociedad Mundo Metrópoli D.F. Edomex Estados Opinión Cartera Finanzas Economía Negocios Management Emprendedores Tu cartera Indicadores Deportes Fútbol Box Béisbol Más deportes Espectáculos Música Televisión Cine Teatro Farándula Cultura Letras Artes visuales Artes escénicas Música Patrimonio Confabulario Periodismo de datos Periodismo de investigación Tiempo de relojes Ciencia y Salud Ciencia Tecnología Salud Techbit Menú De Última Destinos Autopistas English Minuto x minuto El Universal TV English rss Se encuentra usted aquí INICIO // English // U.S. supermarket shares dip after Trump threatens Mexico trade U.S. supermarket shares dip after Trump threatens Mexico trade A day after the White House suggested that the U.S. could impose a 20 percent tax on goods from Mexico, shares of Wal-Mart Stores and Kroger Co fell more than 1 percent, while Whole Foods Market dropped 2.8 percent Compartir Photo: Reuters 27/01/2017 18:16 Reuters -A +A Shares of U.S. supermarket operators fell on Friday as President Donald Trump kept up his criticism of Mexico, which is a major supplier of produce and other foods for U.S. consumers. A day after the White House suggested that the United States could impose a 20 percent tax on goods from Mexico, shares of Wal-Mart Stores and Kroger Co  fell more than 1 percent, while Whole Foods Market dropped 2.8 percent. Trump on Friday repeated statements that Mexico, a major exporter of vegetables, fruits and beer, has taken advantage of the United States. Mexico, he said, "beat us to a pulp," deepening worries about a crisis between the two trading partners. On Thursday, Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto scrapped a planned trip to Washington to meet Trump, who has repeatedly demanded that Mexico pay for a wall on the U.S. border to halt illegal immigration. The White House later said the potential 20 percent tax could be used to pay for the wall. Mexico was the second-largest supplier of agricultural exports to the United States in 2015, according to the Office of the United States Trade Representative, or USTR. Mexican agricultural exports to the United States in 2015 totaled about $21.6 billion, up 191 percent from 1993, before the two countries and Canada cemented the North American Free Trade Agreement, according to the USTR. Less than 1 percent of Hass avocados - the main ingredient in guacamole - sold in the United States so far in 2017 were domestically grown, with 93 percent arriving from Mexico, according to the Hass Avocado Board. The United States consumes nearly all of its own tomatoes, exporting just 6 percent, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Of the tomatoes the United States imports, Mexico accounts for 71 percent, with Canada supplying most of the rest. A new tax on food imported from Mexico would leave supermarkets with the difficult choices of raising prices, sacrificing already low profitability, or a mixture of the two. U.S. grocers deal with a higher-than-average cost of goods sold than most other industries, resulting in razor-thin margins. Through 2015, the six-year average cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenue for U.S. grocers was 73.4 percent versus around 56 percent for all U.S. industries, according to Plunkett Research. Shares Kroger and Wal-Mart are down about 3 percent from before Trump's inauguration a week ago while food distributor Sysco (SYY.N) has lost about 1.5 percent.   Compartir TAGS Walmart, Supermarkets, Kroger, Whole Foods Market, donald trump Comentarios MÁS EN English Ir a la sección de English Peru and Colombia vow to stand with Mexico after row with Trump U.S. supermarket shares dip after Trump threatens Mexico trade Trump has 'friendly' call with Mexican leader but demands change NOTICIAS DEL DÍA Ir a la portada Slim: “Trump no es Terminator, es negotiator” Presos de Brasil imitan a cárteles mexicanos Candidato conservador galo, en el ojo del huracán VIVEUSA La maquillista mexicana de Ivanka Trump Así defendió Donald Trump a Barack Obama Trump querría que México pague el muro de estas formas   Directorio Contáctanos Código de Ética Cómo cubrimos la Violencia Publicidad Aviso Legal Aviso Privacidad Mapa del Sitio Historia Aviso de Privacidad: EL UNIVERSAL, COMPAÑÍA PERIODÍSTICA NACIONAL, S.A. DE C.V. Descargar nuestra app © 2000 - 2016 Todos los derechos reservados EL UNIVERSAL, Compañía Periodística Nacional. De no existir previa autorización, queda expresamente prohibida la Publicación, retransmisión, edición y cualquier otro uso de los contenidos X
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1932 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1932 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   News updated: 1/27/2017 10:23 PM Missing Chicago man spotted in Crystal Lake Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close Lawrence "Larry" Johnson   Daily Herald report Crystal Lake police are seeking the public's help in finding a Chicago man suffering from memory loss who was last seen early Thursday morning behind a Wal-Mart in Crystal Lake. Lawrence "Larry" Johnson, 69, of Chicago has been reported by his family as a missing endangered person. Johnson is 5 feet 9 inches tall, weighs approximately 115 pounds, and has gray hair and brown eyes. He was last seen wearing one-piece blue coveralls with a zipper in the front and a Wal-Mart embroidered patch on the chest. Johnson was without a jacket or hat when he was last seen. Crystal Lake police said store video surveillance recorded Johnson on foot at 2:40 a.m. Jan. 26 at the rear of the Wal-Mart at 1205 S. Route 31 in Crystal Lake. Johnson is without access to a motor vehicle. Anyone with information on Johnson's location should call either the Crystal Lake Police Department at (815) 356-3620 or the Chicago Police Department Missing Persons Section at (312) 747-5789. Tweet This article filed under: News Crystal Lake Chicago Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
SUBSCRIBE NOWfor home delivery Home News Sports Business Entertainment Food Life Opinion Podcasts Obituaries Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Insider USA Today Media Business Directory USA TODAY NETWORK More Home News Sports Business Entertainment Food Life Opinion Podcasts Obituaries Weather Insider USA Today Media Business Directory USA TODAY NETWORK Social Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Walmart seeks approval to mount more signs Walmart Supercenter wants to mount eight additional signs Post to Facebook Walmart seeks approval to mount more signs Walmart Supercenter wants to mount eight additional signs  Check out this story on commercialappeal.com: http://memne.ws/2jG1NsU {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Walmart seeks approval to mount more signs Tom Bailey , USA TODAY NETWORK – Tennessee 4:46 p.m. CT Jan. 27, 2017 Buy Photo Walmart seeks approval to add eight more signs to the Walmart Supercenter in Cordova. (Photo: Tom Bailey/The Commercial Appeal)Buy Photo 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE The Walmart Supercenter in Cordova is so big and offers so many different types of retail — from tire shop to grocery, from garden supplies to pharmacy, etc. — that it should get to mount more than the five signs allowed. That's the argument that the giant retailer is making to the Board of Adjustment in requesting an exception to a rule for the store at 577 N. Germantown Parkway. The local ordinance limits the number of exterior, wall-mounted signs to five. Walmart wants to install eight more signs in addition to what it says are the five already there. "We believe that the size of the structures, along with the setback of the building and the buildings surrounding the site would severely limit the equal identification of services,'' states the letter of intent submitted by a design consultant to Walmart. "The building of the site and structure is larger than the typical single user development,'' the letter states. "The layout of the site is one that is necessary to accommodate parking, access and site related issues such as drainage. The Walmart Supercenter is a large, single user providing multiple services ordinarily requiring multiple users.'' The Board of Adjustment will consider the request during its meeting at 2 p.m. on Feb. 22 in Memphis City Hall. Among the issues, board members will likely weigh making an exception because of the store's extraordinary size against the precedence such an exception may set. Would not other big-box stores also want to install extra signs? Josh Whitehead, planning director for Memphis and Shelby County, said Walmart's request appears to coincide with Walmart's plans to add facilities for customers to pick up pharmacy items in the back of the building, near the southwest corner. "It appears Walmart is adding pharmacy pick-up window (or pneumatic tubes) to the southern facade of the building and would like to inform customers of this new service feature,'' Whitehead said in an email response to questions. "The sign code contains an absolute limit of five attached signs, regardless of the size of the retailer,'' Whitehead said. "At 230,000 square feet, this is one of the largest retail structures in the city.'' Retail trends also may be a factor. In addition to the existing, permanent signs, Walmart has hung a banner sign near the front, south end directing customers to a side door. It states: "Pickup: Order groceries online. Pick up here.'' Former Board of Adjustment member Ray Brown said that while he would certainly consider Walmart's special circumstances, he would be concerned about setting a harmful precedence. While the current request involves the suburban, car-accommodating development of Cordova, subsequent requests could be "on the Fairgrounds or some urban neighborhood development,'' Brown said. "I'm always nervous about setting precedents and things that might be transferable to a more urban area without much thinking involved,'' said Brown, who owns Ray Brown Urban Design. 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://memne.ws/2jG1NsU
Skip Nav Food Subscribe to the Must Have Box UK Australia France Deutschland Middle East الشرق الأوسط Did you know we have a UK site? Did you know we have a Australia site? Did you know we have a France site? Did you know we have a Deutschland site? Did you know we have a Middle East site? Did you know we have a الشرق الأوسط site? x Introducing Your New Favorite Banana Pudding, Courtesy of Patti LaBelle Get the Dish Fuel Your Rainbow Obsession With These Unicorn-Poop-Inspired Meringues Food Video The Truth Behind Costco’s $5 Rotisserie Chicken Dinner 22 Cozy Slow-Cooker Casseroles That Make Life Easy 1/27/17 1/27/17 POPSUGAR Food Food Reviews Patti LaBelle Banana Pudding Review Introducing Your New Favorite Banana Pudding, Courtesy of Patti LaBelle January 27, 2017 by Erin Cullum 17 Shares Patti LaBelle has added banana pudding to her lineup of desserts available exclusively at Walmart. Eager to try this dessert knowing how delicious Patti's famous sweet potato pie is, we immediately got our hands on a sample. "The new pudding is prepared with high quality ingredients for an authentic, home-style taste . . . It features rich banana pudding and a creamy banana pudding mousse studded with 12 vanilla wafers and a vanilla wafer crumble," a Walmart spokesperson said in a press release. Wondering if the real thing would live up to the claim — and if it would make us shout, "Oh, Patti!" — we tried it with high hopes. Here's what a handful of POPSUGAR editors thought of Patti's banana pudding ($10/box) after giving it a taste. "Not bad; I'd eat it again." "Anything Patti is all the things." "Nice texture. A little too sweet, but good. Would buy. Needs more wafers or crumbs." "Divine!" "Seems a little grainy. A little too sweet and starchy." As you can see, our opinions varied, but the overall consensus is if you're not going to take the time to make homemade banana pudding, this is a solid store-bought option. We'd recommend adding fresh banana slices on top to make it even better. Thanks, Patti! ADVERTISEMENT Related: Is Patti LaBelle's New Sweet Potato Pecan Pie Worth the Hype? Magnolia Bakery's Famous Banana Pudding Image Source: POPSUGAR Photography / Erin Cullum Join the conversation Share this post Food ReviewsPatti LabelleFood ShoppingFood NewsGrocery ShoppingBananasWalmartDessert Around The Web What’s Your Reaction? Thanks for your reaction Don’t forget to share this with your friends! 0Reactions Join The Conversation Get Inspired With Our Living Newsletter You're subscribed! Sign Up For Our Newsletter Select topics that interest you Vegetarian Food DIY Home Love and Sex Tech Sign up with facebook By signing up, I agree to the Terms & to receive emails from POPSUGAR. Related Posts Get the Dish Fuel Your Rainbow Obsession With These Unicorn-Poop-Inspired Meringues by Brandi Milloy 10 hours ago Dessert Your Heart Will Weep For How Friggin' Cute These Animal Macarons Are by Sarah Siegel 16 hours ago Dessert If You Haven't Tried These Foods Frozen, You Haven't Lived by Brinton Parker 1 day ago Food News ICYMI, Whole Foods Has the Most Amazing Self-Serve Mochi Bars by Erin Cullum 1 day ago Dominique Ansel Cookie Cups Inspired by Dominique Ansel's Cookie Shots by Brandi Milloy 1 day ago Food and Activities 17 Cake Pops to Add to Your Family's Treat Table on Super Bowl Sunday by Alessia Santoro 1 day ago Food Video Your Wait to Try Oreo Creme Eggs Is Over by Brandi Milloy 2 days ago Food News We'll Accept Endless Bouquets of This Rose-Shaped Ice Cream by Erin Cullum 2 days ago Original Recipes Dairy-Free Truffles to Help Get You in the Mood This Valentine's Day by Alle Weil 3 days ago POPSUGAR, the #1 independent media and technology company for women. Where more than 75 million women go for original, inspirational content that feeds their passions and interests. From Our Partners Latest Food Get Your Daily Serving of Must-Try Recipes Home Vegetarian Food Tech Love and Sex DIY Sign up with facebook By signing up, I agree to the Terms & to receive emails from POPSUGAR. Pinterest Follow Add us on Snapchat × Live deliciously Personalize Tasty tips, recipes, and more for your whole home delivered to your inbox. Home Vegetarian Food Tech Love and Sex DIY Sign up with facebook By signing up, I agree to the Terms & to receive emails from POPSUGAR. × POPSUGAR We’re Hiring! Write For Us About Us Terms Privacy Policy Contact More POPSUGAR: Power Your Happy POPSUGAR Must Have POPSUGAR Insights ShopStyle ShopStyle Collective POPSUGAR International: UK Australia France Deutschland Middle East الشرق الأوسط Sign Up For Our Award Winning Email: Live deliciously Personalize Tasty tips, recipes, and more for your whole home delivered to your inbox. Home Vegetarian Food Tech Love and Sex DIY Sign up with facebook By signing up, I agree to the Terms & to receive emails from POPSUGAR. Get POPSUGAR On The Go: Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Follow Us ©2017 POPSUGAR Inc. × Celebrity Celebrity News Entertainment News Movies Television Celebrity Couples Celebrities Award Season Fashion Fashion News Shopping and Style Celebrity Style Video Award Season Fitness Workouts Healthy Living Weight Loss Fitness Video January Jump-Start Power Your Happy POPSUGAR GLOW Beauty Makeup Hair Nails Beauty Video Beauty Trend Finder Award Season Love Relationships Sex Women Nostalgia Books Power Your Happy Moms Parenting Pregnancy Babies Toddlers Little Kids Tweens and Teens Food and Fun Living Home Tech Smart Living Pets Find Your Happy Power Your Happy Sip Joyfully Career Work Personal Finance Job Search Power Your Happy Power Your Happy Q & A Food Recipes Cooking Basics Party Planning Food News Power Your Happy Food Video Latina Recipes Family Life Celebrity Fashion Beauty Fitness Award Season News Power Your Happy Video Entertainment Fashion Beauty Fitness Food Tech Home Login / Register We're Hiring! Write For Us About Us Advertising Contact FAQ Archives Power Your Happy POPSUGAR Must Have POPSUGAR Insights ShopStyle ShopStyle Collective Terms Privacy Policy ©2017 PopSugar • POPSUGAR Living × Live deliciously Personalize Tasty tips, recipes, and more for your whole home delivered to your inbox. Home Vegetarian Food Tech Love and Sex DIY Sign up with facebook By signing up, I agree to the Terms & to receive emails from POPSUGAR. All the Latest From Ryan Reynolds
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 17 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM JAN 28, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News JAN 28, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 17 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Trump’s Mexico tax hammers $580B market By MATT TOWNSEND Bloomberg News First Published 1 hour ago    •    Updated 1 hour ago Share This Article When White House press secretary Sean Spicer floated the idea of paying for a border wall with a 20 percent tax on Mexican imports, beer went flat. Shares of Victor, N.Y.-based Constellation Brands began falling Thursday: The company generates about 70 percent of its profit from importing Mexican brands like Corona and Modelo, and investors feared it would get hammered by the new tax. Constellation is far from alone in facing a reckoning if taxes or tariffs are imposed. U.S. companies that would suffer range from automakers like General Motors to retailers such as Wal-Mart Stores and Kroger and even medical-device producers like Medtronic. VIDEOS TOP JOBS Hostilities between President Donald Trump and his counterpart, Enrique Pena Nieto of Mexico, could derail $584 billion in trade between the border nations. The relationship has made supply chains densely interconnected. American-made materials and parts make up 40 percent of the products Mexico exports to the U.S. Meanwhile, Mexico is America's second-largest export market and third-largest supplier of imported goods. "Because the economies are so far integrated, the industries that would be impacted are extremely broad," said Caitlin Webber, a trade analyst for Bloomberg Intelligence. "It's hard to think of a U.S. sector that wouldn't be touched if there was a full-scale trade war with Mexico. It would really wreak havoc on the economy." The Mexican president scrapped his trip to Washington after Trump said he'd follow through on pledges to rewrite the North American Free Trade Agreement and charge Mexico to build a border wall. Spicer then responded by saying the U.S. could impose a 20 percent tax on all Mexican imports -- a notion he later said was just one idea to finance the wall. Separately, congressional Republicans have been pushing a tax on all U.S. imports as part of their efforts at rewriting the corporate code. Trump could likely impose a temporary tariff on his own authority, but would need Congress to impose what is known as an adjustable border tax on imported goods, according to Webber. Mexico would undoubtedly retaliate with its own tariffs and could revoke Nafta benefits for U.S. exporters, she said. An estimated one-third of goods imported from Mexico last year were sold at U.S. retailers, according to the Trade Partnership consulting firm in Washington. The pain of a trade war would spread to many facets of American life. Imagine sitting in a deck chair on the patio you built over the weekend, drinking a nice margarita. You're wearing Bermuda shorts. Mexico helped at every turn: - Home Depot, which sells pavers and landscaping gear, has sourcing operations in Mexico, and in 2015, the U.S. imported $10.7 billion in furniture. - The price of your tequila would likely be higher. From 2010 to 2015, consumption of the spirit rose 30 percent by volume in the U.S., more than any other alcohol category except cognac, according to Euromonitor International. That spurred the world's largest distillers, Diageo and Pernod Ricard, to increase investment in Mexico. - Those fashionable shorts? The nation in 2015 imported $3.7 billion worth of apparel and accessories from Mexico. But the relationship goes much further. Mexican imports also include oil, cars and lots of medical equipment. Medtronic alone has almost 1 million square feet of manufacturing space in the country for making products to treat cardiovascular disease. Spokesman Fernando Vivanco said the company was monitoring the dispute. Trump has said America's southern neighbor has taken advantage by not addressing trade deficits and border security, and sending undocumented immigrants who commit crimes and dilute the labor markets. Only a physical barrier -- paid for by Mexico -- can solve the problem, he has said. But U.S. shoppers would ultimately foot the bill for the wall, according to the National Retail Federation, an industry lobbying group. "The notion that Mexico is going to pay for this is wrong," said David French, a senior vice president for the group. "This is going to be paid for by American consumers. A tariff is a just a tax on consumers. Americans are already paying billions of dollars in tariffs, and this is just going to result in one more price increase." Retailers' exposure to increased import taxes is now being considered by investors, said Mike Balkin, an investor in small-cap stocks at William Blair Investment Management LLC. "There are so many things companies are trying to deal with, and it's just one more," Balkin said. "It's bad news," said Trevor Stirling, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein. "It'll slow down growth."   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES The battle over MormonLeaks -- two websites with one name and one goal: target the LDS Church ROTC may move from BYU to UVU after colonel bristles at Honor Code Garrison Keillor: Help us, GOP, you're our only hope SLC shirks Trump, refuses to enforce his immigration edict Utah's Mia Love tears up at anti-abortion rally talking of her parents' choice for life ELEVATE H&R Block Announces Two New Offers: Refund Advance of Up to $1,250 and Free Federal 1040EZ   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   3 Unforgettable Date Night Ideas   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » Blogs » Sundance Salt Lake City 17 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM JAN 28, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » Blogs » Sundance JAN 28, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 17 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » Blogs » Sundance Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Sundance Film Festival Sundance review: ‘Dina’ Tribune Staff First Published 3 hours ago    •    Updated 3 hours ago Share This Article HHHhj 'Dina' U.S. Documentary; 102 minutes. Perhaps the most beautiful romance at the 2017 Sundance Film Festival plays out in "Dina," a documentary as warm-hearted and as open as its title character. Dina Buno is a 48-year-old woman in suburban Philadelphia, who happily talks to anybody — her dentist, her friends, strangers she meets on the bus — about her life. She's busy preparing for her upcoming wedding to Scott Levin, who works as a door greeter at Walmart. When the two are together, though, it seems at first blush that Scott isn't as into Dina as she is into him. But for those who know the signs, it's immediately clear what's going on: Dina and Scott are both on the autism spectrum. VIDEOS TOP JOBS This is particularly evident when Dina tries to broach the subject of sexual intimacy. Scott, like many people on the spectrum, has difficulty showing his emotions or empathy to others, even to one's fiancee — so it's up to Dina to force the issue, which she does in a refreshingly forthright way. Directors Antonio Santina and Daniel Sickles don't spell things out, because they don't have to. They train their cameras on Dina and Scott in the act of being themselves, and let viewers extrapolate the rest. (The exception is the sensitive handling, late in the movie, of a dark moment in Dina's past.) In "Dina," Santina and Sickles strip away many of the trite cliches of documentaries about disability, and show two people dealing with autism together and on their own terms. – Sean P. Means   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment AT A GLANCE — Also showing: “Dina” debuted in the U.S. Documentary competition of the 2017 Sundance Film Festival. There are no more screenings scheduled. RECENT BLOG POSTS More distribution deals struck at Sundance ’17 Updated Jan 27 2017 11:33 pm   Sundance review: ‘Water & Power: A California Heist’ Updated Jan 27 2017 11:30 pm   Sundance review: ‘Strong Island’ Updated Jan 27 2017 11:27 pm   Sundance review: ‘Dina’ Updated Jan 27 2017 11:25 pm   Sundance review: ‘Roxanne Roxanne’ Updated Jan 27 2017 11:17 pm   POPULAR STORIES The battle over MormonLeaks -- two websites with one name and one goal: target the LDS Church ROTC may move from BYU to UVU after colonel bristles at Honor Code Garrison Keillor: Help us, GOP, you're our only hope SLC shirks Trump, refuses to enforce his immigration edict Utah's Mia Love tears up at anti-abortion rally talking of her parents' choice for life ELEVATE H&R Block Announces Two New Offers: Refund Advance of Up to $1,250 and Free Federal 1040EZ   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   3 Unforgettable Date Night Ideas   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Ex-Microsoft COO Kevin Turner is already out from his hedge fund job Julie Bort Jan. 28, 2017, 12:44 AM 2,287 facebook linkedin twitter email print Kevin Turner Citadel Kevin Turner who left the Microsoft COO position in July to become CEO of hedge fund Citadel Securities, is already out at Citadel, the company says. Turner is being replaced by long-time Citadel exec Peng Zhao who currently serves as vice chairman of Citadel. Zhao had previously been global head of market making for Citadel Securities. He joined the company in 2006 and worked his way up from a senior quantitative researcher role. Citadel Securities provides automated market making and execution services. It trades products like equities, equity options, and interest rate swaps for retail and institutional clients. The hire of a former Microsoft exec came a time when technology is becoming an increasing part of the financial system. However, Turner was never a technologist at Microsoft. He ran sales and marketing. And he came from the tight-margin world of retail, cutting his teeth at Walmart, spending nearly two decades there where he worked his way up from a cashier to chief information officer and later president and CEO of the Walmart-owned retailer Sam's Club. Turner then spent 11 years at Microsoft and was a major part of former CEO Steve Ballmer's brain trust. Turner was at one time in the running to be named CEO of Microsoft after Ballmer announced his retirement. Obviously, the job went to Satya Nadella instead. He was known as a tough operator and wasn't particularly beloved at Microsoft by the employees, several Microsoft employees told us. When he left, they took an anonymous chat app called Blind to basically cheer his departure. A person close to Citadel tells us that Turner sent a nice note to the CS team when his departure was announced and Ken Griffin, CEO of this unit's parent company Citadel, also publicly wished Turner well, sending us this statement: "I am pleased to announce Peng Zhao has been named CEO of Citadel Securities. I want to thank Kevin Turner for his leadership and the lasting impact he made on our firm. Kevin has made important contributions across many areas of Citadel Securities." Turner also had polite things to say about Griffin with this statement: "I want to thank Ken Griffin for his friendship and support, and for the opportunity to be a part of one of the most respected financial services companies in the world. I wish him and the entire team continued success." SEE ALSO: Microsoft employees took to an anonymous-chat app to rejoice after their COO left NOW WATCH: Harvard economist Rogoff explains why he is so optimistic about the economy under President Trump Loading video... More: Kevin Turner Citadel Securities facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Ex-Microsoft COO Kevin Turner is already out from his hedge fund job Ex-Microsoft COO Kevin Turner is already out from his hedge fund job Kevin Turner who left the Microsoft COO... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Finance Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Finance Select Business Insider Select More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
× Weather Alert Information Alert data provided by http://alerts.weather.gov/ Close Contact Us Register Login DayExtra Classifieds Deals Jobs Homes Magazines Wheels Advertise Membership E-Paper High/Low: Humidity: Wind: Sunrise: Sunset: Visibility: View Full Forecast starting , ending . Powered by Forecast.io State/Northeast Toggle SECTIONS NEWS SPORTS OPINION COLUMNS & BLOGS ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS & VIDEO OBITUARIES News Sports Opinion Columns & Blogs Arts & Entertainment Photos & Video Obituaries DayExtra Classifieds Deals Jobs Homes Magazines WHEELS Advertise Membership E-Paper Police/Fire/Courts Business Local State/Northeast Nation/World Living Their Faith Special Reports Maps & Data Military UCONN High School Local Colleges Professional GameDay Editorials Letters Columns Op-Ed Guest Opinions Sports Features News Opinion Horoscopes Dear Abby Games & Puzzles Lifestyle Events & Exhibits Food & Drink Arts & Music Movies & TV Live Lunch Photo Galleries Videos GameDay Place an Ad Today's Listings Pets Garage & Yard Sales Map Jobs Day Saver Coupons Deal of the Day Rewards Business Directory Job Fair Local Jobs Homes of Distinction Find Local Listings Homes of Distinction Your Good Health Sound & Country Products Milestones Legal Obituary Classified Contact Us My Account Passport Rewards Subscribe Electronic Edition The Day's App Newspapers in Education Archives WARNING: This site requires JavaScript enabled to provide the best user experience possible. Please enable JavaScript within your browser for this site! LATEST NEWS Single-car accident leaves one dead in Stonington 01-28 12:59 am Local News Local Sports Local Entertainment all day, every day Thank you for visiting theday.com. You've read 3 free articles. To continue reading up to 10 premium articles, you must register, or sign up and take advantage of this exclusive offer: Full Digital Access 12 weeks of savings $1 for 12 weeks Enjoy the benefits of membership for less. ACT NOW Already registered on theday.com? Login. Not registered? Register. No, thank you. ×Close Daughter, granddaughter of Malcolm X charged in truck theft, dog abuse Published January 28. 2017 12:22AM | Updated January 28. 2017 12:36AM By DAVID DISHNEAU A daughter and granddaughter of slain black nationalist Malcolm X have been charged with stealing a rental truck that was found in southern Maryland carrying seven pit bulls in what police described Friday as inhumane conditions. Malikah Saban Shabazz, 51, of Berlin, N.H., and her daughter Bettih Bahiyah Shabazz, 19, of Stark, N.H., were released in Charles County, Md., on Thursday after posting bond of $2,000 each, according to online court records. The records do not list defense attorneys, and calls to the women's possible telephone numbers were either not answered or not returned. The women were arrested Wednesday night in a Wal-Mart parking lot in La Plata by a deputy responding to a report that the U-Haul truck in which they were traveling had been reported stolen earlier that day to Vermont State Police, according to charging documents. The truck's enclosed cargo area contained seven dogs, locked in crates and covered in their own waste, the documents state. One dog had injuries to its face, neck and eyes that required emergency care, the report said. The dogs were taken to an animal shelter, sheriff's office spokeswoman Janelle Love said. Malikah Shabazz told investigators that she owns the dogs, according to charging documents. Both women are charged with stealing the truck, valued at $40,000. If convicted, each could face up to 20 years in prison and $20,000 in fines. Malikah Shabazz is also charged with seven misdemeanor counts of animal abuse or neglect, each punishable by up to 90 days in jail and a $1,000 fine. The arrests were first reported by TMZ.com. Malikah Shabazz is one of six children of Malcolm X, born Malcolm Little, and Betty Shabazz. She was born seven months after her father was assassinated in February 1965 in New York City by three members of the Nation of Islam, which Malcolm X had left a year earlier. She pleaded guilty in 2011 to stealing the identity of a 70-year-old woman to obtain credit cards and make purchases totaling $55,000.   Previous Article Next Article Loading comment count... Hide Comments READER COMMENTS Loading comments... Hide Comments MOST READ 1 Waterford-New London Friendship School agreement ends, school open to all applicants 2 Trump calls for more submarines — for less money 3 Credit union offering $90,000 in scholarships 4 Scissor boom lift topples in Ledyard, injuring two 5 Second arrest made in Sterling teen's death 6 Daughter, granddaughter of Malcolm X charged in truck theft, dog abuse 7 H.S. basketball: Pagan scores 1,000th career point as No. 1 Whalers roll 8 Merrill: 'No reason' for Trump's voter fraud probe 9 Blumenthal: Stripping federal funds from sanctuary cities would be ‘illegal’ 10 Brennan does it all for Waterford girls' basketball in win over Bacon Academy MOST VIEWED MEDIA 1 Highlights: Stonington 67, Montville 59 (OT) 2 John Luzzi, Matt Schmeelk and Zach Scott post-game interview 3 GameDay preview: Montville at Stonington boys basketball 4 Full game: Stonington 67, Montville 59 (OT) 5 Patience pays off for Waterford's Adam Pinch MOST DISCUSSED STORIES 1 Bill would open college aid to undocumented students 78 2 State's sanctuary cities vow to continue policies 38 3 Analysis: Trump's border wall faces reality check 21 4 Utility co-op to stress savings to towns, businesses in fighting bill to abolish agency 17 5 Rhode Island will win the race to recreational pot, too 16 Back to Top About The Day The Day Publishing Company 47 Eugene O'Neill Drive P.O. Box 1231 New London, CT 06320-1231 USA Staff Profiles FAQs Jobs at The Day Contact Us Connect with us Quick Links DayExtra E-Paper Contests Lottery Numbers Horoscopes Puzzles TV Weather Calendar Milestones Today's Headlines Advertising About Our Ads Advertise Place a Classified Ad Contacts Find New London Area Jobs Services Full-page Reprints Photo Reprints The Day Collection Privacy Policy/Terms RSS Text/SMS Alerts
Business Live BL Premium Business Live Sign In Register Sign In Register BL Premium Login Markets Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment Politics Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Economy Business World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Life Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear Video MARKET WRAP: SA markets weaker as US GDP data disappoints Despite optimistic predictions the JSE closed weaker on Friday in subdued trade as 2016 fourth-quarter US GDP grew 1.9% rather than the expected 2.2% Most Read MARKET WRAP: SA markets weaker as US GDP data disappoints 16 hours ago JSE tracks weaker after volatile week 21 hours ago Rand weaker on US GDP fourth-quarter growth of 1.9% versus expected 2.2% 18 hours ago Columnists Editorials Letters When politicians regulate, wealth is transferred from those without to those with The poor and powerless do not always benefit as intended from attempts to redistribute wealth, writes James Peron Most Read EDITORIAL: More woe for Zwane 2 days ago TWEET OF THE WEEK: #PaidANCArrogance 1 day ago BL PREMIUM ROB ROSE: Gordhanian knots 2 days ago BL PREMIUM Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment More woes for consumers as fuel prices set to rise on Wednesday Prices for both 95 and 93 octane petrol will increase by 29c/l, both grades of diesel will increase by 21c/l, while LPG goes up by 21c/kg Most Read Hawks arrest more alleged licensing department fraudsters 18 hours ago Johannesburg Water cut supply to water-wasting areas 19 hours ago Sending out SABC report without recommendations is an ANC ploy, DA says 19 hours ago Money lust ‘threatens to split the ANC’ Senior officials are breaking the tradition of closing ranks and expressing their concern about how the party is now seen as a way to secure state contracts and jobs Most Read JUSTICE MALALA: The truth behind the 'white monopoly capital' propaganda assault 5 days ago LILY GOSAM: Zuma's secret blueprint for total power 1 day ago Coalition shift could give EFF metro 3 days ago Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Prosecutors say former VW chief knew of test cheating sooner than he admits German prosecutors have broadened their Volkswagen emissions-scandal investigation, and say a former CE knew about cheating earlier than he admits Most Read LG distances itself from Gupta family-owned Oakbay 22 hours ago WATCH: ANCYL storm Absa branch in Durban CBD 1 day ago Momentum axes trio over trade secrets 1 day ago Instant noodles and frozen pizzas among products now in CPI basket Changes to the CPI basket will insure that the inflation measurement reflects changes in consumer expenditure since the last reweighting in 2013 Most Read Instant noodles and frozen pizzas among products now in CPI basket 18 hours ago Budget’s tax hikes set to target high earners 4 days ago BL PREMIUM At least 30 countries are implementing audit rotations, says watchdog 4 days ago WATCH: When a mine moves out, poverty and despair move in Blyvooruitzicht Gold Mine went into liquidation four years ago, now village residents are left in extreme poverty with no help on the horizon Most Read Cosatu cries foul over Asian workers 1 day ago Marketers must implement stringent measures to manage media costs 1 day ago Permits issued to allow for first imports of GM maize from the US 2 days ago Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East African states to discuss mass withdrawal from International Criminal Court AU summit expected to consider "withdrawal strategy" to follow if reform demands are not met Most Read Donald Trump bars entry to US of people from seven countries 1 hour ago Denmark — where negative interest rates have ensured a rich populace 17 hours ago A battle looms between US environmental lobbyists and Donald Trump 17 hours ago Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Young talent in Sri Lankan cricket team is dangerous, AB de Villiers says De Villiers now takes charge of the one-day squad when the five-match series against Sri Lanka begins on Saturday Most Read Young talent in Sri Lankan cricket team is dangerous, AB de Villiers says 17 hours ago Beijing soccer club Guoan FC tops AC Milan at $800m 1 day ago Springbok coach Allister Coetzee gets reprieve 2 days ago Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear Extreme wealth costs the Earth The effect of lavish lifestyles on the environment needs to be understood, write Peter Wells and Anne Touboulic Most Read Porsche Panamera — executive athlete gets a makeover 2 days ago Luxury SUV party 2 days ago Porsche offers environmental executive Panamera 2 days ago Most Read World / Americas US unveils border tax plan as Mexican president calls off meeting with Trump The Trump administration is stoking up its row with Mexico, America’s third-biggest trading partner, by proposing a 20% tax on imports from Mexico 27 January 2017 - 12:47 PM Justin Sink and Nacha Cattan Mexico's Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo speaks about US President Donald Trump wanting to impose a 20 percent tax on goods from Mexico to pay for a wall at the southern US border, in Washington, US January 26, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts Washington/Mexico City — Hours after Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto cancelled his first meeting with President Donald Trump the US administration mooted a 20% tax on imports from Mexico to pay for a wall along the southern US border. The tax plan was first put by White House press secretary Sean Spicer to reporters on Air Force One as Trump returned from a congressional Republican retreat in Philadelphia. "When you look at the plan that’s taking shape now, using comprehensive tax reform as a means to tax imports from countries that we have a trade deficit from, like Mexico, if you tax that $50bn at 20% of imports," Spicer said on the president’s plane. By doing that we can do $10bn a year and easily pay for the wall just through that mechanism alone," he said. Spicer did not say how such a tax would work or affect US consumers and companies. Asked if the tax could be applied to other countries, Spicer said the administration was "focused on Mexico right now". Later, Spicer summoned reporters to his office and said the tax was only "one solution" to pay for the wall and might be applied at a lower rate. He said its economic effect would have to be examined. The comments nonetheless suggested the White House is moving toward a "border adjusted" tax plan on companies’ domestic sales and imports that is favoured by House Republicans to replace US corporate tax. House ways and means chairman Kevin Brady, a Texas Republican and backer of the approach, called Spicer’s comments "very encouraging news". Spicer’s remarks come amid conflict between Trump and Mexico that escalated over a 24-hour period after the US president signed a directive on Wednesday to initiate the process of building the border wall. Trump’s border plan rapidly exploded into a showdown that threatens one of the world’s biggest bilateral trading relationships. The cross-border sparring prompted a drop in the Mexican peso, which fell 0.7% to trade at 21.21 to the dollar after Pena Nieto’s announcement. Mexico’s currency has plunged almost 14% since Trump’s election on concern that he will renegotiate or scrap the North American Free Trade Agreement. After Pena Nieto said on Wednesday that Mexico would refuse to pay for a barrier on the US southern border, Trump blasted him with a tweet on Thursday morning. "If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting," Trump wrote. Pena Nieto, who was to meet with Trump January 31, responded a few hours later, tweeting: "This morning we’ve informed the White House that I won’t attend the working meeting scheduled for next Tuesday with @Potus." Higher prices The border tax Trump floated would not be imposed directly on Mexico but instead added to the cost of products as they crossed the border. That would cut profits of companies that import goods — such as Ford Motor, Walmart and Target — or mean higher prices for US consumers who buy the products. "Mexico doesn’t pay for the wall," said Jared Bernstein, senior fellow at the Centre on Budget and Policy Priorities. "American consumers who shop at places that import, like Wal-mart and Target, pay for the wall, making it a regressive tax supporting a dumb, wasteful idea." The National Retail Federation condemned the plan hours after it surfaced. "Americans are already paying billions of dollars in tariffs, and this is just going to result in one more price increase," said David French, senior vice-president of the trade group. Republican Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina tweeted: "Border security yes, tariffs no. Mexico is third-largest trading partner. Any tariff we can levy they can levy. Huge barrier to econ growth. "Simply put, any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila, or margaritas is a big-time bad idea. Mucho sad." Senator Ben Sasse, a Nebraska Republican who opposed Trump’s election, tweeted: "Tariffs are a tax on American families." Tax overhaul A border adjustment tax would radically remake the US corporate tax system. The House Republicans’ plan would apply a 20% tax rate to companies’ domestic sales while exempting their exports. Under the plan — which would apply to all countries, not just Mexico — businesses could no longer deduct the cost of imports they use or sell. The plan would generate about $1.1-trillion in revenue over a decade, according to an analysis by the conservative Tax Foundation. Brendan Buck, a spokesman for House speaker Paul Ryan, said that Spicer was describing the Republicans’ tax plan. At present, the US taxes its corporations’ worldwide income at 35% though they can use foreign tax credits to reduce that and companies don’t have to pay any US tax on overseas income until they move it to the US Ryan and Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell both suggested on Thursday that, after months of studiously ignoring the border-wall proposal, they were ready to act on the barrier as part of a spending request they expect from Trump to help get building going. The two congressional leaders said they were ready to spend as much as $15bn in federal funds to build the wall. Trump promises Trump won office with two central campaign promises: construction of a wall along the 3,182km border, at Mexico’s expense, to curb illegal immigration and stop a decline in US manufacturing jobs. Also at issue is the Nafta accord to which the US, Mexico and Canada are parties. The US and Mexico traded $531bn in goods and services in 2015, almost five times the trade between the US and UK. Mexico is the third-largest trading partner with the US, after China and Canada, and sends nearly 80% of its goods to the US. Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray and Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo have been discussing the agreement since Tuesday with Trump administration officials in Washington. "Negotiations are paralysed," said Jose Antonio Crespo, a political analyst at the Centre for Economic Research and Teaching in Mexico City. "It’s clear that Trump made this decision, because he imposed conditions that are unacceptable." Bloomberg Please login or register to comment. REGISTER LOGIN Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. BLPremium Need the best business news in SA? Register to try BL Premium at no cost until early 2017 – with content from Business Day, Financial Mail, Rand Daily Mail, Business Times, Financial Times and more. Most read 1. African states to discuss mass withdrawal from ... World / Africa 2. Donald Trump bars entry to US of people from ... World / Americas 3. Denmark — where negative interest rates have ... World / Europe 4. A battle looms between US environmental lobbyists ... World / Americas Related Articles Trump's Mexican standoff grows with '20% tax' proposal World Mexico president cancels Trump summit as divisions deepen World / Americas EU trade boss tells Trump that reviving borders, trade barriers is doomed to ... World / Europe Donald Trump expected to order temporary ban on refugees World / Americas Investors Monthly is a magazine published by Times Media, Media Division included in the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of the month. BLPremium Need the best business news in SA? Register to try BL Premium at no cost until early 2017 – with content from Business Day, Financial Mail, Rand Daily Mail, Business Times, Financial Times and more. Most read 1. African states to discuss mass withdrawal from ... World / Africa 2. Donald Trump bars entry to US of people from ... World / Americas 3. Denmark — where negative interest rates have ... World / Europe 4. A battle looms between US environmental lobbyists ... World / Americas Related Articles Trump's Mexican standoff grows with '20% tax' proposal World Mexico president cancels Trump summit as divisions deepen World / Americas EU trade boss tells Trump that reviving borders, trade barriers is doomed to ... World / Europe Donald Trump expected to order temporary ban on refugees World / Americas Investors Monthly is a magazine published by Times Media, Media Division included in the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of the month. Politics National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Markets Business Economy Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Read More About us Contact us FAQs Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Privacy policy © 2017 Times Media Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. © BusinessLIVE MMXVII
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu Today's obituaries Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our mobile apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our mobile apps The Republican Email newsletters comments Senior notes for Hampshire and Franklin Counties and Metro East Plus, February 1, 2017. Print Email The Republican By The Republican The Republican on January 27, 2017 at 9:15 PM, updated January 27, 2017 at 9:19 PM comments AMHERST Council on Aging 70 Boltwood Walk, 413-259-3060. Second Hand Clothing Shop: The Amherst Senior Center announces the opening of a shop offering used clothing for sale. The shop will be open each Friday from 9 a.m.-noon in the Large Activity Room of the Bangs Community Center. Donations of clean, gently used clothing will be accepted during shop hours. Proceeds will help support the programs and services of the Amherst Senior Center. Senior Center Offers 2017 Parking Stickers: this parking program is designed to make parking near the center more convenient for older people. The parking sticker is valid for parking in the Boltwood Garage parking lot, both surface, underground and in the 12 spaces against the fence east of the Ann Whalen Apartments for four hour periods on weekdays between 8 a.m.-5 p.m. The cost is $25 for the full year and will be sold to newcomers and those who have used their 2016 stickers to attend Senior Center activities on the average of about one hour per weeks. WELLNESS CLINICS/SERVICES Senior Health Services Nurse Clinic: Mondays 10 a.m.-noon and 1:30-3:30 p.m. Thursdays 1:30-3:30 p.m. Free Blood Pressure Clinic: Tuesdays, 9-10 a.m. Wellness Grants: The Senior Center doesn't want anyone to be left out of its fitness classes or clinics because of lack of funds. A $15 wellness grant is available to low income Amherst elders upon request. Speak to Karen or Nancy at the center to fill out a simple means test form. A maximum of two $15 grants are allowed per month ($150 yearly cap) and can be used for clinic appointments or fitness classes (the funds for this come from donations). Convalescent Equipment and Supplies: The center has been collecting donated medical equipment for a number of years and loaning it to those n need of the items. The equipment includes commodes, walkers with wheels (and w/o), canes, crutches, raised toilet seats, disposable undergarments, washable under pads for the bed and other assorted items. Drop by weekdays between 9:30 a.m.-3:30 p.m. to borrow what you need. Call the center at 413-259-3060 for further information. Emergency Preparedness: If you are at risk and would need special help in an emergency, please contact Maura Plante at 413-259-3213 or Helen MacMellon at 413-259-3062 to be placed on our At Risk list. Senior Foot Care/Ear Irrigation: Fridays, 9:40 a.m.-12:40 p.m.with Sharon Beaulieu, RN. Call 413-259-3060 for an appointment. The fee for service is $28 for foot care and $25 for ear irrigation. Patients need to use Debrox Wax Softening drops at home two days prior to their appointment for hardened wax problems. Ear Irrigation Clinic: Dr. Daniel Clapp provides this service on the second/fourth Tuesday of the month from 3-4:30 p.m. $10 donation to the Amherst Senior Center Wellness Grants Gift Account is encouraged. No Debrox drops are needed. Call or drop in the Center to schedule an appointment. Massage Clinic: Tuesdays by appointment, $40 per hour or $25 for a half hour. Hearing Care Service: free, evaluations, screening, counseling, ear canal inspection, hearing aid assessment, please call to schedule an appointment. Hot Lunch: served weekdays at the center at 11:45 a.m., reservations should be made no later than 10 a.m. the previous day, call Kathy Nelson, at 413-259-3164 to sign up, $3 suggested donation. Wellness Rides Program: this program provides medical appointment transportation for Amherst seniors who are completely independent with mobility and decision making. Fee round trip: Amherst, $8; Hadley, $9; Northampton, Hatfield, $12; Easthampton, Florence, Leeds, Belchertown, $14; Holyoke, Deerfield, $16; Greenfield, $20; West Springfield, Springfield $30. Computer Tutoring Lessons: Free one on one, to make an appointment lease leave a message for Jack Wollensak by calling 413-259-3060. Computer Lab: available during our regular workday Mon.-Fri., 8 a.m.-4 p.m., free. Peapod by Stop and Shop: do your grocery shopping without leaving your home. Stop and Shop has an online grocery shopping service that delivers your groceries to your home. Its called Peapod, www.peapod.com or call 1-800-5-PEAPOD for further information. Atkins Country Market: Monday through Saturday you can have groceries delivered from Atkins Market. Orders have to e placed a day ahead. there is a $25 minimum order requirement, a 10% assembly fee and $8 delivery fee. Call Atkins at 413-253-7022 to place your order. Prescription Helping Hands: Do you have a difficult time picking up your prescriptions because of transportation problems? The center has volunteers who will pick up prescriptions and deliver them to your home. call Helen at the center 413-259-3062 for more information. Caregivers Support Group: Feb. 9, 23 and March 9, 23 from 1:30-3 p.m. COA Meeting: Feb. 9 and March 9, 9-10:30 a.m. SHINE: Feb. 6, 27 and March 6, 20 from 1-4 p.m. Brown Bag Pick Up: Feb. 2 and March 2, 2-4 p.m. Caregivers Loaning Library: to borrow a book from our library stop in to visit one of our social workers, Maura or Helen. Caregivers Massages: Talya Solomon is offering free massages to help relieve your stress. Contact Helen to schedule a massage at 413-259-3062or macmellonh@amherstma.gov FINANCIAL INFORMATION Ed Smith: Estate Planning and Elder Law: Feb. 17 and March 17, 1-4 p.m. AARP Tax Aide Program 2016: Thursdays, Feb. 9-April 13, 9 a.m.-1 p.m., providing free tax return preparation, please call 413-259-3060 to schedule an appointment. Name That Tune: usually the 1st and 3rd Mondays year round, 11-11:45 a.m. Joy of Song: March 16, 1-2 p.m. CLASSES/SEMINARS Drawing Classes: Mondays, 9:30-11:30 a.m., classes are $10 each payable to Carolyn Bruneau. Soothing Stretch: Fridays Feb. 3-June 23, 3-4 p.m. Strength In Numbers: Wednesdays, 2:30-3:30 p.m., March 1-April 5. A free educational series for preventing falls in older adults. Cosmology The EPR Paradox and Quantum Physics: Tuesdays, 2-7/28, 1-3 p.m. The EPR Paradox and Quantum Entanglement: Tuesdays, 3-14/5/2, 1-3 p.m. Anthropology of Deviance: Thursdays, 2-2/3-16, 10:30 a.m.-noon UPCOMING EVENTS Feb. 9: Mothballs in the Attic Talk, 1:30 p.m., bring yourself and or a loved one to take a walk down memory lane. Feb. 13: All About Stroke, 1:30-2:30, Patti Henault, RN will explain the different types of strokes, risk factors of stroke. how to prevent a stroke and what to do if you or someone you love is having a stroke. Feb. 17: Musical Special Event, Slavery to Civil Rights, 2 p.m. Feb. 28: Texas Roadhouse Friends Fundraiser, 3:30-9:30 p.m., March 13: Car Tips by Mark Whitney, 1:30-3:30 p.m. TRAVEL CLUB: Call the Senior Travel Club at (413) 259-3060 for information, Monday-Friday, 10 a.m.-4 p.m. Younger people and non-residents are welcome to participate. Feb. 16, 2017: Kennedy Library in Boston MA. and supper at the Salem Cross Inn, West Brookfield, cost $60 Mar. 24, 2017: Boston Flower and Garden Show and optional lunch at Maggiano's, cost $65. Apr. 21, 2017: Boston Symphony Afternoon Concert at Symphony Hall, Boston, cost $120. May 13-19, 2017: Barcelona Spain, 7 days, 8 meals, 5 breakfasts, 1 lunch and 2 dinners, per person rates, double $3879, single $4579, triple $3849, included in prices is the round trip air, attractions, insurance ($280), air taxes, and hotel transfers. June 18: Fathers Day Drovers Roast at the Salem Cross Inn in west Brookfield, $75/pp, leave at noon and return 4:30-5 p.m. June 30: Day on your own in Hampton Beach, NH, $55/pp, leave at 8 a.m. and return 9-9:30 p.m. Sep. 8-15, 2017: Northern National Parks, 8 days, 7 breakfasts, and 3 dinners, per person rates, double $3069, single $3769, triple $3039, included in price is the round trip airfare, insurance ($240), air taxes and hotel transfers. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Function Well exercise class, 8:30-9:30 a.m.; healthy bones and balance, 8:30-10:00 a.m.; drawing workshop, 9:30-11:30 a.m.; senior health services, 10 a.m.-noon, 1:30-3:30 p.m.; gentle fitness, 11-11:30 a.m.; name that tune, 11 a.m.; lunch 11:45 a.m; arthritis exercise, 12:30-2 p.m.; Mexican train dominoes, 1-3 p.m.; tai chi, 3-4 p.m. Tuesday: Function well exercise class, 8:30-9:30 a.m.; blood pressure clinic, 9-10 a.m.; tai chi/arthritis, 10:30-11:30 a.m.; line dancing, 10:45-11:45 a.m.; massage, 11 a.m-4 p.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; mah jongg, 12:30 p.m.; folk dancing, 1-2 p.m.; Scrabble, 1-3 p.m.; healthy bones and balance, 2:30-4 p.m.; ear irrigation with Dr. Clapp, 3-4:30 p.m. (2nd and 4th Tues. of the month). Wednesday: Healthy bones and balance, 8:30-10 a.m.; Free Bread Program , 9:30 a.m.; morning yoga, 9:30-11 a.m.; gentle fitness, 11-11:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; Bridge, noon-4 p.m.; arthritis exercise, 12:30-2 p.m. Thursday: Function well exercise class, 8:30-9:30 a.m.; tai chi for arthritis, 10:30-11:30 a.m .; Insular Southeast Asia 10:30-noon; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; chess games, 1-4 p.m.; memoir writing , 1-3:30 p.m.; senior health services nursing clinic, 1:30-3:30 p.m.; healthy bones and balance, 2:30-4 p.m.; moving in rhythm 3-4 p.m. Friday: Second hand clothing shop open, 9 a.m.-noon; craft workshop, 9 a.m.-noon, cribbage games, 9 a.m. - noon; foot care & ear irrigation, 9:45-10:45 a.m.; ballroom dancing, 9:45-10:45 a.m.; grocery shopping, 10 a.m.; gentle fitness, 11-11:30 p.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; arthritis exercise, 12:30-2 p.m.; Mexican train dominoes, 1-3 p.m. BELCHERTOWN Senior Center 60 State St., 413-323-0420. Aging Mastery Program: To be put on a waiting list for the next session, see Bill or Susan. Bunch of Losers: Weight loss program, meets every Monday, 10:45 a.m., share nutritional tips, recipes and support, call Susan for more information and to sign up. Dessert & Coffee Bar: Monday's, the kitchen will be serving dessert and self serve coffee right after lunch. Memory Cafe: This is for those with a diagnosis of a dementia related disorder, mild cognitive impairment, those concerned about their memory loss, family members and care partners. This is not a drop off program and caregivers should plan to attend. It is a time and place for people to interact, find support and to share concerns without feeling embarrassed or misunderstood. Please contact Bill at 413-323-0420 ext. 503 if you plan to attend so we can have enough light refreshments. Belchertown Police Department: first Thurs. of the month, 11:20 a.m. to review the newest crimes, scams and concerns. Digital camera classes: If interested, call Susan. Sewing Class: every Tuesday of the month, 12:30 p.m. Bring your project along with you and if you need to use a sewing machine a portable one is perfect. Free Movie of the Month 12:30 p.m.: Feb. 25, The Accountant Movie: free, 12:30 Feb. 8: Greater Feb. 25: A Man Called Ove Book Club: third Tuesday of the month, 1 p.m. Esthetician Services Offered: facials and additional skin care services. A one hour facial starts at just $30, to book an appointment call Susan at 413-323-0420 ext. 501. Parkinson Support Group: First Friday of the month, Feb. 3,1 p.m. Senior Center Van: , shop at Walmart or Big Y in Ware, door to door service round trip $3, please call Kim at 413-323-0420 ext. 508 to schedule. Rock & Roll Exercise: Thursdays at 3 p.m., stop and check it out, $5. Triad: Looking for new members, meets the last Tuesday of the month at 10:45 a.m. Van Rides: Call Kim at 413-323-0420 ext. 509 to arrange van rides, preferably the day prior. Door to door service $3 for round trip. Safe Entry Program: A program offered by Belchertown TRIAD in conjunction with the Police/Fire Dept. in which seniors have a lock box installed that holds their house key. The lock box will be installed on your home free of charge by a qualified volunteer. A minimum donation of $20 is required in order to help with costs. To receive a lock box, pick-up a contract and complete the Safe Entry Dorm Return to BCOA, c/o Susan Shea, Attn: TRIAD, 60 State St., Belchertown, MA 01007. Senior Travel Club: Tuesday-Wednesday-Thursday 10-1 p.m. call 413-323-0420 Ext 513. March 7: Celtic Crossing with Andy Cooney, $89/pp May 9: A Taste of Providence, $74/pp July 7: The Spirit of Johnny Cash Oct. 3: The Naugy, $80/pp Upcoming Events Feb. 6: Felting class, 10 a.m., instructor Sarah Madison , create a valentines piece of art. Please bring a heart shaped cookie cutter along with you, all other supplies will be provided. Feb. 9,11: 11 a.m., Join Jim Mazik of the Pioneer Valley Planning commission to see if you quality and how you could benefit from the Aging in Place grant. Low and moderate income senior homeowners in Belchertown and Hadley would be eligible to receive a grant of up to $5,000 to implement improvements which will allow occupants to remain safely in their homes. Feb. 14: create a Valentines Day paper doll chain, the second project is Wire Heart Art, please bring a good pair of scissors for both projects and if you have wire cutters bring them also all other supplies will be provided. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Blood pressure and sugar checks, 8:45 a.m., first and third Monday of the month; osteo exercise, 10 a.m.; bridge, 10:30 a.m.; Bunch of Losers, 10:45 a.m.; yoga, 11:45 a.m.; hand and foot, 12:30 p.m.; TRIAD, third Monday of the month, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Computer, 9 a.m.; crafts, 9 a.m.; pitch, 9 a.m.; osteo, 10 a.m.; Chordials, 10 a.m.; TRIAD, 10:45 a.m.; activities committee, 10:45 a.m., first Tuesday of the month; bingo, sewing class, 12:30 p.m.; association meeting, 12:45 p.m., first Tuesday of the month. Wednesday: Quilting, 9 a.m.; Eddie C., 10 a.m.; bridge, 10 a.m.; osteo, 10:30 a.m.; mah jongg, 12:30 p.m.; tooth fairy, 1 p.m.; line dancing, 2:30 p.m. Thursday: Birthdays, last Thursday of the month; pitch, 9 a.m.; computer class, 9 a.m.; osteo, 10 a.m.; Zendoodle, 10 a.m.; painting, noon; bingo, 12:30 p.m.; tai chi, 1:30 p.m.; COA Board, 6 p.m., fourth Thursday of the month. Friday: Knitting, 9:30 a.m.; yoga, 9:30 a.m.; pitch, 9:30 a.m.; brown bag, 10 a.m., second Friday of the month; audiologist, 11 a.m., first Friday of the month, by appointment.; Nickel-Nickel, 1 p.m. BRIMFIELD Senior Center 20 Main Street, (Located in the 1st Congregational Church), 413-245-7253 TRIPS Senator Gobi: Monthly Movie: UPCOMING EVENTS WEEKLY ACTIVITIES We have changed the suggested donations for classes. Amount for 55 and up $2, under 55, $3. Cup of Conversation: First Fri. of each month beginning Jan. 6, 10:35 a.m., please call the center if you would like to join the group. Lunch Club: Arthritis Class: Tuesday, 10:30 a.m., this class helps to alleviate pain in arthritis sufferers as well as aid in prevention, the class is mostly seated. Cardio Chair Dancing: on hold until the spring due to instructors schedule. All the benefits from dance but done in a chair. Great if you have knee, hip, balance or coordination challenges that make dancing difficult. Strength Training Classes: Mondays and Thursday's 9-10 a.m. A total body workout to upbeat music. Uses hand weights and exercise bands. Tai Chi; Qigong Classes: Tuesday and Friday, 9:30-10:30 a.m. This enjoyable class strengthens tendons, aids in fall prevention, balance and overall well-being. Regular Yoga: Wednesday morning 8:45 a.m., suitable for all levels of fitness. Redefined Yoga: Thursday, 10-11 a.m. Love the idea of yoga, but can't get down on the floor or back up? This class has all the benefits of regular yoga and incorporates standing, sitting in a chair and stretching but no getting down on the floor! Work at your own pace and ability level (suitable for wheelchair/chair bound). BINGO: 2nd and 4th Wednesday of the month. Join our group for fun and prizes. Snacks and beverages provided. $1 per card. Wii Bowling: 1st and 3rd Wednesday of the month. Friendly competition with prizes and snack bar. Breakfast: We now have breakfast available every Wednesday at 10 a.m. Reservations must be made before 11 a.m. on the Monday before. $2 suggested donation. Lunch: Tuesdays and Thursdays, reservations required by 11 a.m. on previous day, $2 suggested donation. Coloring for Adults: 3rd and 4th Tuesdays at 11 a.m. Coloring books, crayons/pencils provided. EASTHAMPTON Council on Aging 19 Union St., 413-527-6151. Please Note: Some of our programs are open to the public, others are limited to Easthampton 55+, call 413-527-6151 ahead for for details. Closings: Call 413-527-6151 to check for open hours or early closings. New Strong Yoga Classes: possible class offering depends on interest level, need at least 5 to start, call 413-527-6151 if interested. Fitness Center: Open to Easthampton residents, 55 and older. Annual fee is $65 for residents, $100 per year for out-of-town. Garden Volunteers: If you can spare a few hours one-time only or more on a regular basis to assist with watering, weeding, trimming and cutting etc. and supervising the group from Honor Trial Court Program, please contact activity coordinator, Kim Jensen for additional information/details at 413-527-6151. Volunteer Receptionist: The Enrichment Center is seeking 2 volunteer receptionists for 3-4 hours/week from 12-4 p.m. or 4-7 p.m., to answer a 2-line phone system, make reservations for trips, activities and other events, and much more. This volunteer position requires someone who can multi-task, handle stress and who has excellent customer service skills and patience. Please call Linda Talbot at 413-527-6151. New Grocery Shopping Delivery Program: The Easthampton Council on Aging Enrichment Center has received a grant from Highland Valley Elder Services to partially fund a new grocery shopping delivery program. This new program will provide free delivery of groceries to Easthampton residents 60 years of age and older who: do not drive, have no available family members, friends or other support systems/services in place for grocery shopping, or cannot use the van or other transportation options to go grocery shopping. Anyone interested should contact Linda Talbot at 413-527-6151. An Outreach Worker will need to make a home visit to determine eligibility. Cyber Angels Program: Wouldn't it be great to see a loved one that lives far way without leaving the comfort of your home? On-line video visits are a great way to stay connected with family and friends. We will bring in the technology (laptop) and set up the communication and stand by for any assistance you need to video chat with family and friends. There is no charge for this; this is a gift from us to you. Call Outreach Worker, Holly Handfield at 413-527-6151 x15 if interested. One-On-One Computer Assistance: Richard Bauman can help you with the basics. We have computers and laptops at the Enrichment Center for you to practice with, or you can bring your own. Call 413-527-6151 to schedule an appointment. ZUMBA GOLD: Saturday's, 10:30 A.M. and Tuesday's and Thursday's at 5 p.m., $5 per class at the Easthampton Council on Aging Enrichment center WiFi and Laptop: Available at the enrichment Center. Billards: call for days and time, donations welcome Genealogy Group: Mini Hair Salon: $10 new clients, $12 regulars, please prepay and schedule your appointment in advance, 413-527-6151. Living Fully, Aging Gracefully: please call to preregister Board Meeting: Travel Club: Friends Meeting: Group Support Meetings: Thursdays, 4:30-6 p.m., please call for December dates. Mens Curmudgeon Group: SHINE: Thursdays, 9-noon TRANQUILITY ROOM EVENTS Reflexology for hands and feet: Wednesdays, 1-3 p.m., cost $15 payable in advance, please call to schedule your appointment. Reiki with David: $20 for 45 minutes. Call 413-527-6151 for further information and details. Bio Heatmat: Fridays by appointment, $5 donation to the center appreciated. Aroma Therapy and Sound Therapy: Saturdays, 9 a.m.-12 p.m., $15 for a 45 minute appointment payable in advance, call 413-527-6151 to schedule. Pepin Street School History Project: The Easthampton Council on Aging is delighted to collaborate with Miss Harwood's 3rd grade class at Pepin Street School on a History Project. If you are 80 and home bound this will be an opportunity to reach out into your community and share your story. The children will use the computers at school to connect with you. We will provide a lap top for you to converse with them right in the comfort of your own home. The questions that will be asked will be determined by you and the teacher. If your are interested please contact Holly Handfield Outreach Coordinator at 413-527-6151, ext. 15. Donations are welcome on all free events UPCOMING EVENTS LUNCH AND A MOVIE: Call the Enrichment Center at least one week in advance to preregister and prepay for your luncheon, cost is $4, lunch served at noon and the movie begins at 1 p.m. VAN TRIPS Big Y: Tuesdays at 9 a.m. and 1 p.m. Big E's Foodland: Fridays at 10 a.m. and 1 p.m. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: gratitude yoga class, 9:30 a.m., $20 for four weeks, payable in advance; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; Phase 10 card game, noon; mah jongg, 1 p.m.; Tuesday: Van to Big Y, 9 a.m. & 1 p.m.; bingo, 12:45 p.m.; fitness center open 4-7 p.m.; zumba, 5 p.m.; ballroom dancing, beginners, 6-7 p.m. Wednesday: Healthy bones and balance class, 10 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; hand craft group, 1-3 p.m. Thursday: SHINE appts., 9 a.m.-noon; fitness center open 4-7 p.m.; zumba gold, 5 p.m.; ballroom dancing, advanced, 6-7 p.m. Friday: Van to Big E's, 10 a.m. & 12:30 p.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; quilting club, 1 p.m. Saturday: fitness center, 9 a.m.-noon; Zumba gold, 10:30 a.m. GREENFIELD Council on Aging 54 High St., Suite 2, 413-772-1517. Contact: Kathy Dunn at kathyd@greenfield-ma.gov; greenfieldMA.gov. HIGHLIGHTS Computer Lab: Monday-Friday Drawing Class: Feb 9, 1:30-3 p.m., Scratch Art, register with a $35 payment by Feb. 2. Registration fee includes instruction and all materials, class must meet minimum to run. Working on a prepared coated paper you etch white lines onto black surface with a fine point tool. Your subjects can be wildlife, landscapes or portraits. You will then learn how to build volume, produce highlights and create texture with your strokes. Wear Red Day: Feb. 3, wear red anytime at the center and be eligible to win a special door prize. Wearing red is a simple, powerful way to raise awareness that heart disease remains the No. 1 killer of women in the U.S. Valentine's Day Party: Feb. 14, 2-3:30 p.m., dessert buffet, plus coffee or hot chocolate with whipped cream. Watch your favorite I Love Lucy episodes on the big screen TV. Tickets are $3 each and are on sale now at the front desk. One lucky ticket holder will win a Valentine Gift Basket generously donated by the Arbors of Greenfield. Oral History Project with Greenfield High School Seniors: Beginning in early Feb. students will begin the GHS Oral History Project in which they will conduct two rounds of interviews with members of our local community. The first of the two 45 minute interviews will be at the center and will likely be wide ranging, while the second will possibly be held at GHS and will focus on a specific event or topic that impacted you and that the students will have researched beforehand. The final product will be a written narrative that describes the intersection of your personal experiences and our nation's history. If you would like to take part, please contact the center at 413-772-1517 ext. 0. Pizza Putt: Thursdays at 12:30 p.m., come for pizza, then stay and try our new indoor golf putting green. Please register for lunch with $4 payment by noon on Wednesday. Legislative Office Hours: Representative Paul Mark holds drop-in hours on the first Friday of the month. Tax-Aide by Liberty Tax Service: Feb. 13-24, free income tax preparation to low income Greenfield seniors, 65+ with a gross income under $25,000 for single and $60,000 for married by appointment only. To schedule an appointment please call the center at 413-772-1517 ext. 0. If you have any questions please contact MaryAnn Socquet at 413-772-1517 ext. 1. COUNCIL ON AGING NEWS: board meetings are held on the fourth Thursday of each month at 2 p.m. and are open to the public. For information about activities and trips call Activities Director Kathy Dunn, 413-772-1517, ext. 3. Movie Matinee: Call 413-772-1517 to reserve your seat, free. Pizza and Movie: Zorba The Greek, Feb. 2, pizza is $3 per person and the movie is free, call to reserve your seat. Computer Drop-in: Monday through Friday, 12:45-3:45 p.m. Ask Our Computer Geek: SHINE: Tuesdays, 9:30 a.m. Jan. 11-Feb. 22: Tai Chi with Marcia Gobeil, 1-2 p.m., 6 week series for $30. Register with payment by Jan. 4 or until class is full. Zumba: Resumes Feb. 1, 10:30 a.m.New participants must sign an exercise release form. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Advanced aerobics, 9:15 a.m.; fit & fabulous exercise, 10:30 a.m.; mah jongg,1 p.m.; duplicate bridge, 1 p.m.; writing group, 1:30 p.m. Tuesday: Bones & Balance I Exercise, Shine, 9:30 a.m.; contact bridge, 12:30 p.m.; cribbage, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Advanced aerobics and scrabble, 9:30 a.m.; zumba, 10;30 a.m. (no zumba on 11-23); pitch, Tai Chi, 1 p.m.; crafty seniors, 1 p.m. Thursday: Bones and Balance I Exercise, 9:30 a.m.; Art Open Studio, 12:30 p.m. Friday: Advanced aerobics, 9:15 a.m.; fit & fabulous exercise, 10:30 a.m.; mah jongg, 1p.m.; creative coloring, 1:30 p.m. HADLEY Council on Aging 46 Middle St., 413-586-4023. Website: coa@hadleyma.org Transportation Update: Thanks to the Friends of Hadley Council on Aging, and our supporting individuals and businesses, we are pleased to announce that on Tuesdays, we will be using the senior van to transport seniors to the Senior Community Center and to local medical appointments or to pick up prescriptions. Please see below for details: -For Hadley residents age 60+ that do not drive and have no formal support system such as a friend or family member who drives. -You must schedule your ride at least 2 business days in advance (preferably more as we start out) by calling 413-586-4023. -There will be a nominal fee of $2 each way unless you are a HVES or Mass Health client, in which case there is no fee. -Service area is Hadley and surrounding towns including: Hatfield, Amherst, Northampton and Florence. We reserve the right to make changes to this pilot program at any time and will give due notice of any changes in advance of scheduling your ride and in the newsletters. Requests may be denied based on available seats, priority requests, or additional unforeseen circumstances. We ask that you be patient as we roll out this program so we can make it as user-friendly as possible. Thursday Shopping Van: pick up at your home or apartment for groceries and staples at local shopping centers, call 413-586-4023 by Tuesday to schedule. Traveling and Need Pet Care: Who better tha a local retired teacher who is ready to give comfort and quality time to your pet. Will walk, feed, play and comfort your animals in your home or mine. For prices or more information call 413-584-8970. Veterans Service Agent: Wednesdays 10 a.m.-noon or you may call 413-587-1299. Honor Flight is accepting applications from WWII and Korean Vets, call 1-603-518-5368. COA Board Meeting: Representative John Scibak: Fridays at 11:30 a.m., call the center for dates, he may also be reached at 413-539-6566. HEALTH, WELLNESS, SAFETY, OUTREACH Community Health Nurse Office Hours: Wednesdays, 8 a.m-noon. Alzheimer's caregiver support group: Second and fourth Wednesday, 2 p.m., call 413-584-5057, ext. 255. Hearing Screenings/Hearing Aids Cleaning: Third Tuesday of the month from 10-11 a.m. with Deborah Reed of Ascent Audiology. Social Security Prescription Program: You may be eligible to apply for Extra Help in meeting prescription drug costs. An application can be completed anytime during the year. Jayne Sullivan, our SHINE counselor can help you apply. Fuel Assistance: Those recertifying should have received their paperwork in the mail. Those that are applying for the first time may do so now. You must do your first intake in person. We can do that with you at the Senior Center. Please call 413-586-4023 to schedule an appointment with Elsie Waskiewicz. 2016 income eligible guidelines are $33,126 for one person and $43,319 for two. Veteran's Benefits: Tom Geryk is available on Wednesdays from 10. a.m.-noon. Honor Flight is accepting applications from WWII and Korean Vets. Call 603- 518-5368 for more info. At Home Counseling: Jon Steinberg, LICSW, provides in-home counseling and psychotherapy, specializing in home bound elders. Insurance accepted. For more information call Jon at 413-210-5713 or JONS629@comcast.net. Visit www.homevisittherapy.com. New Lock Box Program: Sponsored by Hadley TRIAD, now accepting names for high risk seniors to have a lock box installed so police and fire personnel have access to your home in the event of an emergency. Call 413-586-4023 for more information. TRIAD meetings are open to the public and are held March-June on the second Thursday of each month at 9:30 a.m. SHINE: Counselor Jayne Sullivan is available to answer your health insurance questions. Call 413-586-4023 to schedule an appointment. Traveling Hairdresser: Candee Wong of Celebrity Beauty Salon is now making house calls to seniors. Shampoo and cut, wash and style, and more. Contact Candace for services, pricing and scheduling; 413-256-1899. New One-on-One Computer Tutorials: Steve Eagle is a new-to-us volunteer from RSVP that would like to offer free tutorials at our Community Center. If you're interested, please call the office at 413-586-4023. Computer Set Up: Janice Jorgensen is our volunteer making house calls on our behalf to help fix glitches or configure your system. Call us at 413-586-4023 to schedule a visit. Though there is no fee, donations to the COA are welcomed. Foot Clinic: $30 for clinic visit or $50 for home visit, call 413-586-4023 to schedule an appointment Stroke Prevention and Education: Brown Bag: Please pick up by 2 p.m. EXERCISE CLASSES Dancercise: Led by Nicole Lynn Smith, an all-over, aerobic based class and cool down. Mondays at 10:30 a.m., $6. Exercise Equipment Room: For those 55 and older, signed consent must be on file, orientation is mandatory, recumbent bike, nu-step and treadmills available. Fun and Fit: Led by Sidra Ellison, aerobic and small weights, Mondays at 3 p.m., $3 per class, pay one month in advance. Tai Chi: Mondays at 1:30 p.m., $4 per class, payable one month in advance. Healthy Bones and Balance I: Tue. and Thur. at 9:30 a.m., with Betty Faulkner, free. Balance: This class with Georgia & Elaine, Wednesdays, 2p.m. Yoga, Stretch, Flex and Breathe: Wednesdays at 9:15 a.m., with Ed Golding and friends. Free. Yoga/Pilates Mat Work: Fridays with Sidra Ellison, 10:30 a.m., $3 per class, payable one month in advance. Community Corner: Taking new or gently used donations for Spring Pocketbook and Scarf Sale, April 29, 2017. Donations can be brought to the center office Mon.-Fri. 10 a.m.-4 p.m. DATES TO REMEMBER DAY TRIPS Mar. 23, 2017: Westchester Broadway Theatre to see Mama Mia, luncheon and matinee, $119. Call Jane Nevinsmith 413-586-3772 Overnight Motor Coach Trips: Contact Gladys Nicholson at 413-658-7773 Spring 2017: Mississippi River Cruise, Apr. 1-10, 10 days and 9 nights. New Orleans to Memphis, $3099 per person, includes round trip flights, all meals during the cruise, shore excursions, entertainment, dancing lectures, port and gov. fees. Contact Gladys 413-658-7773 to ask about cabin availability. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Dancercise, 10:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m. Tuesday: Healthy bones & balance, 9:15 a.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m. Wednesday: Yoga stretching, 9:15-10:30 a.m.; 11:45 a.m., lunch; healthy bones/balance, 2 p.m.. Thursday: Healthy bones & balance, 9:15a.m.; lunch, 10:15-11:15 a.m. Friday: yoga/pilates mat work, 10:30 a.m.; canasta, 12:30 p.m. HAMPDEN Senior Center 104 Allen St. 413-566-5588. Hours: Weekdays, 9 a.m.-3 p.m. State Senator Lesser Office Hours: Mary Lee Walsh, from State Senator Eric Lesser's office, visits the Senior Center the fourth Wednesday of the month. COA: Feb. 14 Hair Cuts by Dolly: Call 413-566-8117 for an appointment. Dolly is also available to come to your home. Acrylic Painting Classes Every Thursday: $15 per session, all materials are supplied, class size is limited, sign up at front desk, 12-2 p.m. Chair Massage: Third Friday of the month, 10 a.m., 15 minutes for $10 Reiki: Call Carleen for appointment at 413-525-7345. Outreach: Wendy Turer, Mon-Fri, 9 a.m.-3 p.m. VOLUNTEER DRIVERS: Please call Wendy with questions or to sign up as a driver to take older adults to medical appointments. Friends of Hampden Seniors Group: It is time to renew your membership. Forms are available at the front desk, $5. OUTREACH AND WELLNESS CORNER Brown Bag: Feb. 21, 1 p.m. Blood Pressure: Every Tuesday and Thursday, 10-11 a.m., free, provided by Silver Linings Home Care. S.H.I.N.E.: Call for an appointment with Becky if you need help navigating the Medicare maze. MERCY: Every Wednesday 11:00 a.m.-noon FARMERS MARKET: Feb. 10, Mar. 10, and Apr. 7, 10 a.m.-noon John Hicklen: AMP: Feb. 24, 10 a.m. Memory Cafe: Feb. 3, 17, 9:30 a.m.-2 p.m., the cafe will provide conversation, light refreshments and various activities, RSVP required. Fallon Insurance: Feb. 14, 10 a.m. Monthly Breakfast: Feb. 28, $3, beignets, ham and egg bake, fruit wedges and juice, please sign up at the front desk or call 413-566-5588. Movies, Mondays at 12:15 Feb. 6: Precious Cargo Feb. 13: Love Finds You in Vanentine Feb. 27: Ticket Out UPCOMING EVENTS: call 413-566-5588 or sign up at front desk for all our events Feb. 3: Superbowl Lunch, 11:30 a.m. Feb. 8, March 15, April 5: Memoir Writing Class, 10-11:30 a.m., $20 for all 4 sessions, space is limited call to sign up. Feb. 17: Valentine Luncheon, 11:30 a.m. followed by Love is in the Air, noon, cost $5, appetizers, homemade soup, sandwich and dessert. Feb. 20: CLOSED Feb. 21: SNAP, 12:30-2 p.m., will provide prescreening and if eligible will help you apply. TRIPS WITH BOBBI GRANT: Call Bobbi at 413-566-8271 or email bobijg2@chartner.net May 20: Blue Man Group, matinee, lunch on our own at CambridgeSide Galleria, reserve orchestra seats for a hilarious show at The Charles Theater, $91/pp. June 25: Cape Cod Canal Cruise, lunch at Lindsey's Family Restaurant in East Wareham, cruise the canal out of Onset with entertainment on board, $85/pp. July 25: Newport Playhouse and Cabaret, fantastic buffet lunch with lobster, reserve seats for performance of comedy Baggage, Cabaret (2nd show), $95/pp. Sept. 13: Thimble Island Cruise, visit USS Nautilus, Submarine Museum, Waterfront Lunch at the Maritime Grille, Narrated Island Cruise, $78/pp. Maximum 48 passengers, part of the cost for this trip is donated to the center. Oct. 13: Lakeside Turkey Train, Lake Winnipesaukee Scenic Train Ride, delicious dinner on board, visit to Anheuser Busch Brewery,, $86/pp, maximum 48 passengers. Nov. 14: Cher and Elvis, delicious family style lunch at The Aqua Turf Club in Plantsville, Ct. Complimentary glass of wine or beer, vegas style show and door prizes, $76/pp. TRAVEL CLUB May 18: London and Paris. Jun. 4-12: Northern California, trains and wineries. Napa Valley wine train, San Fran Bay Cruise, Sonoma Wine Country and Winery tours, Yosemite and more. Sep. 8: American Cowboy Country, 8 days, Yellowstone, Mt. Rushmore, Badlands National Park and more. Oct. 27-Nov. 5: Hawaii, Includes a 7 night cruise aboard Pride of American. ACTIVITY CORNER Art is 4 Every: Thursdays, noon Bridge: Mondays, 9:30 a.m. looking for players. Bingo: Thursdays, noon, .50 a card. Bunco: Will be back in the spring. Call or sign up at front desk. Canasta: Tuesdays, 12:30 p.m. Chair Massage: Third Friday of the month, 10 a.m., 15 minute massage for $10. Chair Yoga: Tuesdays, 11a.m., $5 per class. Choral Group: Mondays, 2:45 p.m. ON HIATUS UNTIL SPRING Genealogy: First and third Thursdays, noon. ON HIATUS UNTIL SPRING Jewelry: 3rd Tuesday, 9:30-11 a.m., $3 per class plus cost of the beads. Knitting: Mondays, 9 a.m. Line Dancing: Thursdays, 2 p.m., $3 per person. (Nov. 3, cancelled). Mahjong: Fridays, noon, will teach anyone interested Manicure/Pedicure: call Cathy at 413-335-7422. Pitch: Wednesdays, sign up at 11:45 a.m., play starts at 12:15 p.m., cost $2. Pool, Ladies: Tuesdays, 9 a.m. Pool, Men: Thursdays, 9 a.m. Quilting: Fridays, 9 a.m.-3 p.m. Shuffleboard: 9 a.m.-3 p.m. weather permitting. ON HIATUS UNTIL SPRING Strength Training: Tuesdays, noon, $5 Tai Chi: Mondays, advanced class 10 a.m., beginner class 11:15 a.m., cost $5. Trivia: Wednesdays, 10 a.m. Water Color: Last Mon. of the month, 12:30 p.m. Weight Training: Tuesdays and Thursdays, 10 a.m., $3. Yoga: Tuesdays and Thursdays, 1 p.m., $5 per class. Zumba Gold: Mondays noon, $5. Call for fliers or pick one up at the HSC. HARDWICK Senior Center 179 Main St. Box 524, Gilbertville 413-477-6707. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES: Monday: Bingo, 9:30 a.m.; bocce ball, 9:30 a.m. Tuesday: Art lessons 9-11 a.m.; games, 10-11:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m. Wednesday: Grannies Closet, 9 a.m.; Wii fitness, 10 a.m.; line dancing, 10 a.m.; pitch, 12:15 p.m. Thursday: London Rummy; 10 a.m.; scat, noon. Friday: Grannies Closet, 9 a.m. HOLLAND Senior Center 40 Brimfield Road, 413-245-3163. Hours: Monday-Thursday, 10 a.m.-3 p.m. UPCOMING EVENTS Movie Night: $10 for a group, $5 for individual and $3 for seniors, popcorn and drinks included, feel free to bring blankets, pillows, camp chairs, sleeping bags or dinner. Prescription Advantage: As a Prescription Advantage member you are entitled to a one time Special Election Period each year that allows you to join or change your Medicare drug plan outside of Medicares open enrollment period. To Join Prescription Advantage or if you have any questions please call Prescription Advantage Customer Service at 1-800-243-4636 and press 2. TTY (toll free) for the deaf and hard of hearing at 1-877-610-0241. New-Open Crafts: Two Saturdays a month from 9 a.m.-noon. Stay tuned for dates. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES: Mondays: Open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m.; Texas Hold'em, 6 p.m. Tuesdays: Open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m. Wednesdays: Yoga, 5 p.m.; pitch, 6 p.m.; open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m.; quilting, 6:30-8:30 p.m. Thursdays: Stained glass, 6-9 p.m.; walking club, 6 p.m.; open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m. LUDLOW Senior Center 37 Chestnut St., 413-583-3564. The Senior Center is now open Tuesday nights until 7:30 p.m. Activity Volunteers Wanted: We are looking for volunteers to help set up and run the following activities: chair volleyball, bean bag baseball and ladder toss. If interested, please see Carla for details. Alice Boutique: Mon.-Fri., 8 a.m.-4 p.m. The boutique accepts donations of gently used or new clothing and merchandise. Drop off donations at the front desk. Fitness Room: Mon.-Fri., 8 a.m.-4 p.m., $10 sign up fee, completed doctors form and a one time orientation on equipment and room standards. Pen Pals: We are looking for volunteers to be pen pals with a class at Chapin Street School. The project is still in the works but the goal would be to exchange letters with the class over the span of a few months and meet during Global Play Day in February. If you are interested sign up at the front desk and Sarah will contact you with more details. RMV Near Me: Feb. 27, 1:30-3:30 p.m. Transactions are license renewals, registration renewals, change of address, duplicate license or registration and how to report a lost or stolen disability placard. Evening Volleyball: Monday and Thursday at 5:30 p.m., cost is $20 for the season, held at the East Street School SPECIAL LUNCHES Feb. 14: Valentines Day Lunch, 11 a.m. Feb. 15: Birthday Lunch, 11:30 a.m. MEDICAL SERVICES Pedicure with Town Nurses: Every Tuesday, by appointment, for Ludlow residents only. Pedicures are $10. Diabetics are required to provide a note from their doctors before a pedicure can be given. Call the Center for an appointment time. Blood Pressure Checks: Tuesdays, 1-2 p.m. Massage Therapy: Every Monday with Meaghan Murphy. 15 minutes of massage for $10 or 30 minutes for $20. Call the center to schedule an appointment. Hearing Clinic: Feb. 28, Deb Stroetzel from Wing Medical Center provides answers to questions you have regarding your hearing, appointments are required and can be made by calling the center. MEETINGS & SUPPORT GROUPS Triad Meeting: Feb. 22, 10 a.m. Veterans Agent Office Hours: Feb. 22, 10:30 a.m. State Senator Lesser Office Hours: New date to be announced. SHINE: Every other Monday, call for an appointment. Brown Bag Program: Feb. 21, from 1-3 p.m. Brown Bag helps those over the age of 55 who meet income guidelines. Applications are available at the Senior Center. Pick-up is the third Tuesday of each month. $3 suggested donation. This program is offered through the Food Bank of MA. Council On Aging Board Meeting: Feb. 15, Third Wednesday of the month at 4:30 p.m. Men's Breakfast Club: Feb. 24, Last Friday of the month at 8:30 a.m., in Wilbraham. Sites alternate between Ludlow and Wilbraham. Friends of the Ludlow Senior Center: Feb. 8, Second Wednesday of the month at 10 a.m. OUTREACH The Ludlow Lost Citizen Alert Program: The program was developed by the Ludlow Police Dept. and Ludlow COA, and is designed to provide rapid response in locating cognitively impaired residents who have been reported missing. Stop by the Senior Center or Ludlow Police Dept. for a registration form. All information is kept confidential. File of Life Forms: This vital tool provides emergency personnel with your health and insurance information. Everyone should have one on their fridge and in their purse or pocket. Forms are available at the center. Please stop by to pick one up. We can help fill it out as well. AARP Tax Appointments: Beginning Fridays in Feb., call 413-583-3564 to schedule an appointment. Fuel Assistance: Applications are still available. SPECIAL EVENTS Feb. 3: Super Bowl Party, 10:30 a.m., sample an assortment of appetizers and talk about which team you'll be rooting for. Feb. 7: Decorating Group, 1 p.m. Feb. 14: Paraffin Wax Hand Treatments, 1 p.m., free, preregister is required Feb. 15: Senior Center Update, 10:30 a.m. Feb. 17: Trivia, 10:30 a.m. Feb. 22: Jewelry with Sandy Merrill, 9:30 a.m., $3 plus the cost of your supplies, please preregister. Feb. 23: Senior Carnival, 10:30 a.m. MOVIE SCHEDULE 1:15 p.m. Feb. 6: Sully Feb. 13: War Dogs Feb. 27: Snowden MUST SEE MOVIES ON THURSDAYS 1:15 p.m. Feb. 2: The Gay Divorcee Feb. 16: A Night In Casablanca TRANSPORTATION SERVICE Feb. 6: Eastfield Mall or Stop and Shop, $2, departure 12:30 p.m. and return at 3 p.m. Big Y/Randall's: Every Tuesday and Thursday. Departs 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. When you make your reservation include which stop you prefer. SENIOR CENTER TRIPS Feb. 9: Wegmans Grocery Store. 9:30 a.m., $2.00. We're traveling an hour to Northborough. We'll eat at the store which has everything from pizza to sushi. The snow date for this trip is Feb. 24. Feb. 16: Lunch Bunch; Egg and I, 11 a.m., $2.00. Grab breakfast or lunch at Sarahs favorite spot in South Hadley. Anyone Interested: Are you interested in line dancing classes or would like to just dance with others? Let us know if Thursdays after 1:15 p.m. work. Also, we have a few people looking to play Mah jongg. If you want to learn or play casually, let us know what days and times work best for you. Mindfulness Meditation: Book Club: 2nd and 4th Friday of the month, 1:30 p.m. Feb. 24, They Called Her Reckless: a true story of war, love and an extraordinary horse. TRX Fusion: Tuesday and Friday, Feb. 28 - April 7, 9 a.m., $3 a session $33 for 11 classes, see Sarah for details. Monday Pitch Group: 1 p.m.; $2 entry fee each week. Call the Senior Center at 583-3564 for more information. Line Dancing and Mah jongg are coming in 2017 Cribbage Group: Moving to Fridays 1 p.m. Self Care Yoga: Thursdays, Feb. 9 - May 25, 10-10:45 a.m., $39 for 13 sessions or $5 drop in rate. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES: Monday: Fitness room, 8 a.m. - 4 p.m.; knitting, 9 a.m.-noon; massage appointments, 9:30 a.m.; YMCA's Boomer Boot Camp, 10-11 a.m.; dominoes, 10-11:00 a.m.; lunch, noon; donors 9-ball round robin billiards and round robin billiards, 12:30 p.m.; pitch, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Fitness room, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; pedicures by appointment, 8:30 a.m.; quilting, 9-11:30 a.m.; bean bag baseball, 10 a.m.; lunch, noon; round robin billiards 12:30 p.m.; bingo, 1 p.m.; bridge, 1 p.m.; blood pressure 1-2 p.m. Wednesday: Fitness room and open billiards, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; YMCA Boomer Boot Camp, 10-11 a.m.; lunch, noon; pitch, 1 p.m.; bingo, 1 p.m. Thursday: Fitness room, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; tai chi, 9-9:45; womens billiards, 9:30-11:30 a.m.; Yoga 10-11 a.m.; lunch, noon; donors 8-ball round robin billiards, 12:30 p.m.; choral group, 1-2 p.m.; ceramics, 1 p.m. Friday: Fitness room/open billiards, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; YMCA's Boomer Boot Camp, 10-11 a.m.; lunch, noon.; coloring club, 1-4 p.m.; chair volleyball, 1:15 p.m. MONSON Senior Center 106 Main St., 413-267-4121. Birthdays: Second Tuesday. Let us know if it is your birthday. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Knitting/crocheting, 10 a.m.; chair exercise, 10 a.m.; art, 1 p.m., $2.; craft & laugh night, 6-8 p.m. Tuesday: Foot care, first Tuesday, by appointment; $28; Reflexology, third Tuesday, 10 a.m., $10 for 15 minutes; birthday parties, second Tuesday; canasta, 12:30 p.m.; tai chi, 1 p.m., $5; Craft & Laugh night, 6-8 p.m.; ceramics, 6 p.m., $3. Wednesday: Health screening/blood pressure, second Wednesday, by appointment, donations accepted; chair exercise, 10 a.m.; zumba gold, 4 p.m., $5. Thursday: Ceramics, 9:30 a.m., $3; chair massage, every other Thursday, 11 a.m., $5 for 10 minutes; reike, first Thursday, 11:30 a.m., $10 for 15 minutes; lunch bunch, second Thursday of the month; movie, first Thursday of the month, 1 p.m.; Woodwackers, 6-8 p.m., $10 membership fee per year. Friday: Chair exercise, 10 a.m.; Wii bowling, 12:30. MONTAGUE Gill-Montague Senior Center 62 Fifth St., Turners Falls, 413-863-9357 or 413-863-4500. Hours/Website: Weekdays, 9 a.m.-2 p.m.; MontagueMA.net. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Aerobics, 10 a.m.; easy aerobics, 11 a.m. Tuesday: Walking group (weather permitting), 9 a.m.; chair yoga, 10:30 a.m. Wednesday: Aerobics, 10 a.m.; bingo, 12:45 p.m. Friday: Aerobics, 10 a.m.; easy aerobics, 11 a.m. NORTHAMPTON Senior Services & Senior Center 67 Conz St., (413) 587-1228; fax 413-587-1233 Hours: Weekdays, 8:15 a.m.-4 p.m. Photo Club: Join us on the first Friday of each month, 1:30-3:30 p.m., a place for photographers of all levels to share their work. Mystery Book Club: Creative Writing: Mondays, 10 a.m.-noon, Movie: Movie Rentals: Join the movie club for a one time fee of $5 and the rent popular DVDs for just $1, ask to see the list of more than 600 movies at the receptionists desk Interfaith Help: Each Tuesday afternoon through May, 1 p.m. Caregiver Support Group: Tuesdays, 10 a.m., preregistration is required, please call 413-455-1936 ext. 104 SHINE: Fridays, 9 a.m.-noon, by appointment only. Foot Clinic: Nutritional Outreach: Landscape for Life: fee based classes open to the general public call for more information. Walking Group: Come walking, the best exercise! Ellen Dickinson leads a 45 minute moderately paced walk around Northampton every Tuesday and Thursday morning at 10 a.m. from Northampton Senior Services. All seniors with a scan card are welcome to join in this fun and free group. Good Neighbor Energy Fund: Emergency financial assistance for Northampton seniors age 60 and older. Call Michel Dihlmann at 413-587-1226. Computer One on One Appointments: Call for appt., small fee. Artist of the Month: Chess Lessons: John Boucher and Michael Posner continue chess lessons at the Northampton Senior Center! Each month they are here on the second and fourth Friday from 1:30-3:30 p.m. All players are welcome, including beginners. Evening Yoga Classes: Yoga instructor Donna Edgarton leads an effective 7 p.m. evening yoga class that is safe for seniors of all ages, and abilities. Donna is a Kripalu certified yoga instructor and a certified occupational therapy assistant with a strong background in dance. She has been practicing and teaching yoga for many years and is passionate about sharing this discipline with people as they search for their physical, mental and spiritual health. Classes will continue on monthly basis and the cost for all four classes is $30 for Northampton seniors and $35 for non-residents and those ages 55-89. A drop in option is also available. Tea Time Tuesdays: Come relax, share in good conversation and enjoy a hot cup of tea or coffee. Afternoon tea will continue each Tuesday from 2:45-3:45 p.m. Free with scan card. Zumba Gold: Classes with Johnna Paulsen continue with a new time slot at Northampton Senior Services. This is a modified, low impact version of the Zumba fitness program, combined with Latin and International music and dance moves. Class is fun and no dance experience is necessary. Classes meet Wednesday afternoons from 1-2 p.m. and are open to resident and non-resident seniors. Option to pay by the month or per class. Please call 413-587-1228 for more information or if you have any questions. Adult Coloring: Each Wednesday from 7-8:30 p.m. A selection of coloring books and art supplies will be provided. Participants are welcome to bring their own books and supplies. Free for all seniors with a scan card. Meditation Sessions: Certified meditation instructor and teacher in the Shambala tradition, Carl Nardiello continues meditation classes on Monday afternoons at 1:30 pm. No previous experience is necessary, just a willingness to try something that can be extremely helpful in navigating our daily lives and can enable us to make the most of our energy and time. Meditation has many benefits for our mental and physical well being. Classes are open to resident and non-resident seniors as well as those ages 55-59. A four week session is $20 for Northampton residents and $25 for non-residents and 55-59. A drop in option is also available. Chair Volleyball Returns: Join us Tuesday afternoons at 2 p.m. Tap Classes: Many levels of tap taught by Carol Butler Watelet will be offered on Wednesday and Thursdays. Upcoming Events Feb. 13: Dr. Atul Gawande will be the keynote speaker at the public forum, 4:30-6:30 p.m., a discussion about living well in todays world, free, refreshemnts available. DAY TRIPS: for more details on trips call 413-587-1228 April 27: Boston fine arts Museum, $71, lunch is on your own, deadline to sign up is April 1. April 29: Annie, the Musical at the palace Theater, Waterbury Ct. $133, lunch is on your own, deadline to sign up is April 1. May 6: Patriots Place Museum, $76, lunch included at Luciano's, deadline to sign up is April 6. May 11: Norman Rockwell Museum with special Hanna Barbera exhibit, $57, lunch is on your own at Michaels Restaurant, deadline to sign up is April 11. June 19: The Tall Ships come to Boston Harbor, 50 vessels from 20 countries, $118, deadline to sign up is May 1, wait list only July 16: Gloucester Harbor Cruise, $116, lunch is included at the Gloucester House, deadline to sign up is June 17. Oct. 5: Moon River, Andy Williams songs performed by Jimmy Osmond, Lunch is included at Mohegan Sun Casino, $87, deadline to sign up is Sept. 5. EXTENDED TRIPS: for more details on trips call 413-587-1228 May 21-27, 2017: Mackinac Island, cost $595, 7 day bus trip with 4 consecutive days in Northern Michagan, $75 will reserve your seat, passport is needed, deadline to sign up is March 1. Aug. 20-27, 2017: Bermuda Cruise, cost $1269 for double occupancy, $350 will reserve your cabin (rescheduled from June), passport is required, deadline is May 1. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Dynamic Fitness DVD, 8:20 a.m.; lap quilt project, 9 a.m.; low impact 1, 9:30 a.m.; creative writing, 10 a.m.; low impact 2, 10:30 a.m.; computer tutor, 11 a.m.; needle workshop, 1 p.m.; meditation, 1:30 p.m.; coloring for adults, 2 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. Tuesday: Strength & stretch, 8:45 a.m.; cup of conversation, 9:30 a.m.; stretch & tone, 10 a.m.; caregiver support group, 10 a.m (preregister).; walking group, 10 a.m.; dancing with Joan, 11 a.m.; duplicate bridge , noon; sewing workshop, 12:30 p.m. (preregister); pitch, 1 p.m.; tea time, 2:45 p.m. Wednesday: Dynamics Fitness DVD, 8:20 a.m.; low impact 1, 9:30 a.m.; digital photography 9:30 a.m.; low impact 2, 10:30 a.m.; beginner tap, 11:30 a.m.; cribbage, 12:30 p.m.; Scrabble, 1 p.m.; Timeless Tunes, 1 p.m.; zumba gold 1 p.m.; Feldenkrais, 2:45 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. Thursday: Strength & stretch, 8:45 a.m.; benefits counseling by appointment, 9 a.m.; Stretch & Tone, 10 a.m.; walking group 10 a.m.; wisdom project, 10 a.m.; knitting drop-in, 10 a.m.; third year tap, 11:30 a.m.; contact bridge, noon; second year tap, 12:30 p.m.; mah jongg, 1 p.m.; bingo, 1:30 p.m.; intermediate tap, 1:30 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. Friday: Dynamic Fitness DVD, 8:20 a.m.; low impact 1, 9:30 a.m.; low impact 2, 10:30 a.m.; duplicate bridge, 12 p.m.; visit from Dewey the therapy dog; 12:30 p.m.; gentle chair yoga, 1 p.m.; Senior Gay Men's Drop-in Group, 1 p.m.; yoga, 2:45 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. PALMER Senior Center 29 Central St., 413-283-2670 or online at townofpalmer.com. Weather Policy: If schools are closed due to weather, the center is closed and there is no van service or meal service. The staff reports to work and will be available by phone. If the Town Hall is closed, then the center will also be closed with no staff reporting. Alterations: Tuesdays, 1:30-2:30 p.m., or to make alternate arrangements, call Sandy at 413-289-6319. Free tips to Live Healthier: Log in from your own computer for two hours a week and learn how to reduce pain, eat well and talk with your doctors so you can live healthier, sign up today, restartliving.org/Massachusetts.php Van Rides: Please remember to schedule out of town van appointments for earlier in the day; the van needs to be back at the center by 4 p.m. If you need to get to an important appointment call PVTA @ 1-866-277-7741. SPECIAL PROGRAMS/SPEAKERS Emergency Preparedness Kits: Thanks to the EOEA Formula Grant we have Red Cross Emergency Kits available. Learn about the contents, effective usage of supplies, kit maintenance and storage requirements from Ruth Amador, RN and you will receive a kit. Wish List: We need coffee, regular/decaf, sugar, flour, canned pumpkin, maple syrup, quart storage bags, sandwich bags, large/small paper plates, and items for our birthday bags. Thanks to all who donate. Need a Carbon Monoxide Detector?: Call the Senior Center and the Palmer Fire Dept. will come and install a free detector if you need one. Line Dancing: every Thursday at 1 p.m., cost is $3 payable to the instructor Charlene Fijol. Valentine Craft: Feb. 7, 10 a.m., free, call to register so we have enough materials. Valentine's Day Celebration: Feb. 13, 11:15 a.m., punch and appetizers before lunch. Entertainment by Laurie Festa singing her Love Songs of Legendary Ladies. Space is limited so call to make your reservations, $2 donation is requested. Health New England: Feb. 8, 12:30 p.m., attend a free medicare information session. We will walk you through the different parts of Medicare including Medicare Advantage and Medicare Supplement and explain how and when you can sign up. We can also help you determine if one of our Medicare solutions might fit your needs. 50+ Job Seekers Networking Group: Feb. 17, 10 a.m.-noon, going forward we will be meeting biweekly on the 2nd and 4th Friday of each month, new topic each meeting Medical Advocate: We have started a medical advocate program to provide a driver and a person to help you at the Dr. office and be your ears and eyes. You will need to call and schedule the appointment with us and also sign off that you give permission for this person to accompany you into the doctors office. All information is completely confidential. This program is only for those who need the help because they do not hear will or do not understand what the Dr. is telling them. AARP Tax Preparation: Feb. 14 and continuing every Tuesday until April 11. This is a volunteer run tax assistance and preparation service and is free. It is available to tax payers with low and moderate incomes and residents age 60 and older. St. Patrick's Celebration: March 8, 11:30 a.m. Night Time Pitch: Feb. 16, 5:30 p.m. Movie Day 12:30: Feb. 6, Miracles from Heaven Book Club, 2nd Wed. of the month: Feb. 8, 1:30 p.m., Todd Smola: March 13, 10 a.m. Tyler Wolanin: Feb. 8, 12:30 p.m. TRIPS March 14: Saint Patrick Lunch and Show, Aqua Turf Club and a family style luncheon, $85, leave at 9:30 a.m., return at 5 p.m. May 19-26, 2017: Bermuda 7 day cruise, cost $1195 per person and includes insurance and transportation to the dock in Boston, final payment due March 3. June 15: Twin River Casino, $65, leave at 7:30 a.m. and depart at 4:30 p.m. Includes $15 slot, lunch buffet and matinee show Four By Four. June: Ogunquit, ME, in the planning stage, playhouse and dinner along the ocean at fosters. Sept. 10-16: Pigeon forge and Smoky Mountains Show Trip, $565 pp double occupancy, 7 days, 6 nights, 6 breakfast, 4 dinners, 5 shows, historic downtown Gatlinburg, and a guided tour of the Great Smoky Mountain National Park, $75 due upon signing, add $180 for single occupancy, final payment due July 3. Trip insurance available at additional cost. HEALTH & FITNESS CLASSES: YMCA Strength Training: Mon. & Wed. from 10-11 a.m. This one hour class is conducted by certified instructors from the YMCA. This class is appropriate for all levels of ability. Weights are provided by senior center. Cost is only $2.00 per class payable at the front desk. Tai Chi: Every Thursday from 10:30-11:15 a.m. This free class is sponsored by LifeCare of Wilbraham & Stacia Cantin, Certified Tai Chi Instructor. Arthritis/Range of Motion: Tuesdays, 10-11 a.m., free Swimming at the YMCA: Tues/Thurs from 1-3 p.m. for Palmer Senior Center attendees. Cost only $3. Payable at the YMCA. Walking Group: Tuesday and Friday , 9-10 am. Dave Ridz, Walking Champion will be leading this group. HEALTH CLINICS Blood Glucose Clinic: Feb. 6, 9 a.m.-noon Fallon Health: Feb. 7, 10 a.m.-noon Blood Pressure: Every Wednesday from 9 a.m.-3 p.m. Ruth Amador, RN will be available to take blood pressure readings. (Third Wednesday of month from 9-11:30 a.m.) Ruth will help you w/any questions you may have pertaining to your health or medications. No appointment necessary. Foot Care: Feb. 2, by appointment starting at 8:30 a.m., $29, diabetics welcome but must have permission slip signed by a doctor, home visits available to shut ins. Free Hearing Screening: Feb. 9, 1:15 a.m.-noon, hearing aid batteries are available for only $2.50 for a package of four. Massage Therapy: Feb. 2,16, 11 a.m.-1:15 p.m., ten minute chair message for $5, call to schedule an appointment SUPPORT SERVICES: Veteran's Agent: Palmer's Veteran's Agent, Debbie has left her position in Palmer. We will be working with the new agent for future appointments.here at the Senior Center.. Volunteer Drivers: Available to drive you to medical/doctor appointments, grocery shopping or the pharmacy; call to set up a ride. Emergency Preparedness Kits: Call the center if you have not received one. Free Legal Assistance: Feb. 14, 8:30-9:30 a.m., you must call to schedule an appointment. Computer Classes: Every Thursday (except the 3rd Thurs.) at 10:45 a.m. Call to sign up. Breakfast: Every Tuesday and Thursday morning at 9:15 a.m., $2 donation. Lunch: Every Mon. and Wed. and Fri., 11:30 a.m., call 2 days in advance. Brown Bag: Feb. 10, 11 a.m.-2 p.m. SHINE: Feb. 7, 21, 9 a.m.-3 p.m., call for an appointment, Palmer residents only for the month of Feb. Van Service: daily van is available Mon. through Fri. 8 a.m.-3:30 p.m., no can 11:30 a.m.-noon, call to schedule. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Cards: Every Mon., Wed. and Fri., 8:30 a.m. Trivia: Every Fri., 12:30 p.m. Coloring: Every Mon. (except movie day), noon Movies: First and third Mon. of every month at 12:30 p.m. Line Dancing: Every Thur., 1 p.m. Book Club: Every 2nd Wed. of the month, 1:30 p.m. Bingo: Every Mon., 12:30-3 p.m. Pool: Every Mon., 1-3 p.m. Painting Class: Every Tue., 1 p.m., $2 payable to the instructor. Quilting Class: Every Fri., 1 p.m. Crafts: Tue., 9 a.m., Dominoes: Wed. and Fri., 12:30 p.m. Cribbage: Wed., following lunch around 12:30 p.m. Depot Group: call center for information Pitch League: Every Tue., 12:30 p.m., thru Nov. 29. Zumba: Friday's 11:45 a.m.-12:45 p.m., $5 per class payable to the instructor Kathy Bergeron until Feb 10. There is no class on Feb. 17 and then class will be the 1st and 3rd Friday of the month starting in March Line Dancing: Thursdays 1 p.m. cost is $3 payable to the instructor Charlene Fijol. SHELBURNE FALLS Senior Center 7 Maine St., Shelburne Falls, 01370 413-625-2502 Hours: Open Mon.-Thurs., 8 a.m.-4 p.m. WELLNESS/SERVICES Blood Pressure Clinic: 4th Tuesday, 10 a.m., with nurse Lisa White Foot Clinic: 3 Mondays per month, please call for an appointment. Reflexology: Feb. 8,14,28, please call for an appointment. Shine: 1st Wed., 10 a.m.-3 p.m., free Medicare plan assistance, please call for an appointment. Caregiver Support Group: 1st Mon., 2 p.m., for people caring for a loved one with Alzheimers or other form of dementia. Call Leanne for information, respite available. Outreach Worker: Mon.-Thur., 8 a.m.-4 p.m., social worker available for information, referrals, assistance with heating, food and housing support. Call for an appointment or walk in. Home Repair Program: For Ashfield, Buckland and Shelburne seniors. Small home repairs done by volunteers. Home owner pays for the materials. Call Leanne with project or if interested in volunteering. Van Transportation For Residents of 9 West County Towns: Mon.-Fri. 8 a.m.-4 p.m., medical, shopping and senior center activities. Call Bob for reservations. Meals: Mon., Tues., and Thur. 11:30 a.m., provided by Lifepath, $2.50 donation. Special Luncheons, 11:30 a.m. Feb. 22: Pot Roast and music of Loretta Lynn SPECIAL EVENTS Feb/March: Tax Return Free Prep, Fridays, Liberty Tax for income eligible residents, call for an appointment. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Aerobics: Tues. and Thur., 10 a.m. African Drumming: Mon., 1 p.m. Beginner Drawing Class: Tues. Bingo: Thur., 12:15-2 p.m. Bones and Balance: Wed., 10 a.m., Thur. in Ashfield., 9:30 am Cribbage Tournaments: Monthly, Feb. 8 Knitting: Thur. 10-11:30 a.m. Memoir Writing: most Fri., 10 a.m.-noon Tai Chi: Mon., 9:30 a.m. for beginners, 10 a.m., for intermediate, Wed., 9:30 a.m., in Ashfield, Thur., 10 a.m. Wii Bowling: Mon. and Tue., noon. Yoga: Wed. and Thur., 8:30 a.m. SOUTH COUNTY Senior Center 67 North Main St., South Deerfield, 01373-1012, 413-665-2141. Hours: Open Mon., Wed. and Fri., 9 a.m.-1 p.m. Aging Gracefully: Free support group, every other Monday, 6:30-9 p.m. Seeking Meals on Wheels Drivers: Receive a small stipend and mileage reimbursement. Wish list: Coffee & tea, regular and decaffeinated, small paper plates, cups, crackers and assorted snacks for morning coffee time, and bark mulch for front of building.. HEALTH INFORMATION Flu Clinics: Town of Deerfield Nurses Office on Wednesdays from 10 a.m.-2 p.m.; home visits are available, contact Lisa White at (413) 665-1400, ext. 114, for more info. Nurse: Available at Deerfield Town Hall Wednesdays, Nov. 23,10 a.m.-2 p.m., no appointment needed. LifePath Inc.: offers assistance through the Benefits Counseling program for income eligible seniors age 60 and up. Also they can help file applications for fuel assistance. Call 413-773-555or email info@LifePathMA.org. Community Health Care of Franklin County: offers medical and dental care to all ages regardless of insurance status or income. Located in Turners Falls, Orange and Greenfield, call 413-325-8500. SHINE: Call Bonnie, 413-773-5555, ext. 2287, to schedule an appointment. Free drug collection: Safely dispose of unwanted medications at the police station in Deerfield and Sunderland, no questions asked. Food Bank of Western Mass: There are area agencies that offer free hot meals and provide free groceries, call 1-800-247-9632 for info. Amherst Survival Center Free Health Clinic: Open Mondays, 12:30-1:30 p.m. and Thursdays 5-6 p.m. AEIOU Urgent Medical Care: Located at 170 University Drive, Amherst, (413) 461-3530 and 489 Bernardston Road, Greenfield, 413-773-1394. TRIAD: Assistive programs for seniors, call 413-774-4726. Franklin County Home Care: Offers assistance through Benefits Counseling Program and can help file applications for fuel assistance and find additional ways to save money, call 413-773-555 or email: info@fchcc.org; fchcc.org. New Veterans Agent Hours: Every third Wednesday from 12:30-2 p.m. No appointment necessary. Stroke Education: please call Sue if you have questions 413-665-9508. Foot Clinic: please call 413-665-9508 in advance for appointment. Seated Yoga: Thursdays from 10:45-11:45 a.m. with Marcia Gobeil. $8 walk in or $36 for six weeks. Call 413-665-2141 for more information. TRAVEL CLUB Farm Stand Fridays: 11-1 p.m., every Friday we have free vegetables available for seniors donated by Atlas Farm Stand. Movie: Monthly Tea Socials: Sewing Group: Knitting Circle: Mondays, 10 a.m.-noon at the Sunderland Library. UPCOMING EVENTS WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Card games, 9 a.m.; exercise, 10 a.m.; water painting, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Card games, 9 a.m; exercise, 10 a.m. Thursday: Seated yoga, 10:45 a.m., $8 walk-in or $36 for six weeks. Friday: Card games, 9 a.m.; bingo, 9:30 a.m.; balance in motion, 9:30 a.m.; healthy bones/balance exercise, 10:30 a.m.; social hour, 1 p.m. SOUTHAMPTON Council on Aging 210 College Highway, 413-529-2105. Hours: Mon.-Thurs., 8:30 a.m.-3 p.m. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Comfort doll knitting, 10 a.m. Tuesday: Osteo exercise class, 9 a.m. Wednesday: TOPS (take off pounds sensibly), 10 a.m.; Bingo, 1 p.m. Thursday: Computer class, 10 a.m. Sign up in advance. WALES Senior Center 3 Hollow Road, 413-245-9683. Bingo: 3rd Tuesday of each month, 10 a.m., win prizes, make friends & have fun, $1 a board. Blood Pressure Clinic: Free, 3rd Thursday of each month, 11:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. Massage: 1st Tuesday of each month, 10 minutes, $5, appointment necessary, please call 413-245-9683. Foot Clinic: 1st Wednesday of each month, $30. Call for appointment, 413-245-9683. Monthly Birthday: Fourth Tuesday of each month, 12:30 p.m., cake and birthday recognition will be given out, feel free to join us for lunch prior to the party, sign up for lunch AND party no later than 2 days prior. Outreach Coordinator: Wednesdays and Thursdays by appointment, 10 a.m.-3 p.m., for fuel assistance and SNAP applications, etc. Trips: Call the Senior Center at 413-245-9683 for the latest information. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Tai chi, 9:30 a.m., $2 donation; cribbage, 1-3 p.m.; mini gym, 10 a.m.-2:30 p.m.; SHINE councilor on staff for medical questions 1-3 p.m. by appt., (413) 245-9683. Tuesday: Lunch, noon, $3, must call the morning before to sign up, no exceptions, please; mini gym, 10 a.m.-2:30 p.m. Wednesday: Breakfast 2nd and 4th Wed., 7:45-9:45 a.m., $3, call for reservations; Food Pantry, 10 a.m. - noon; Chair Yoga, 10:30 a.m., $2 donation; Pitch League, noon-3 p.m.; mini gym, noon-2:30 p.m. Thursday: Chair dancing, 10:30 a.m., $2 donation; lunch, noon, $3; mini gym, 10 a.m.-2:30 p.m. WARE Senior Center 1 Robbins Road, 413-967-9645. Contact: townofware.com, click on “departments,” then “council on aging”. Van Rides: Need a ride? Call 413-967-9645. Please give two days notice, 9 a.m.-1 p.m. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Tai chi, 9 a.m., $4; scat, 9 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; book club, last Monday of the month, noon; poker, 1 p.m.; yoga, 1 p.m., $5; Bingo 4:30- 8 p.m. Tuesday: Scat, 9 a.m.; osteo exercise, 9:15 a.m., Valley View Apartments; COA Board meeting, third Tuesday, 9:30 a.m.; chair massage, first and third Tuesday, 10 a.m.-noon, 30 minutes, $30, call for appointment; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; cribbage, 1 p.m.; Writer's Club, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Foot nurse 8:30 a.m., every other month, call for appointment; tai chi, 9 a.m., $4.; Scat, 9 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; birthday party, third Wednesday of the month, 11 a.m.; Walgreens blood pressure check/presentation, first Wednesday, 11:30 a.m.; Bingo,12:30 p.m.; blood drive, first Wednesday, 1-6 p.m. Thursday: Osteo exercise, 9:15 a.m., Valley View Apartments; line dancing, 10 a.m., $3; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; pitch, 1 p.m. Friday: Scat, 9 a.m.; lawn games, 9 a.m.; movie, 9:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; Brown Bag program, second Friday, 11 a.m. WEST BROOKFIELD Senior Center 73 Central St. 508-867-1407. Clinics: Lipid panel and blood glucose screening, 12-hour fasting required, call 413-967-2488 for an appointment. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Cribbage, 9:15 a.m.; Wii, 10 a.m. Tuesday: Cribbage, 9:15 a.m.; Wii, 10 a.m. ham radio, 7 p.m. Wednesday: Brown Bag It, noon; Wii, 10 a.m.; Crafty Ladies, 1 p.m., blood pressure, 11 a.m.; Silvertones, 1 p.m; veterans agent, 1 p.m. Thursday: Tai chi, 8:30 a.m.; Wii, 10 a.m. Friday: Wii, 10 a.m.; bridge, 1 p.m. WILBRAHAM Senior Center 45 Post Office Park, 413-596-8379. Alzheimer's Support Group: Last Tuesday of each month, 2-3 p.m., in the Brooks Room of the Wilbraham Library. Book Club: Third Thursday of the month, 2:30 - 3:30 p.m.. COA Board: First Wednesday, 4 p.m. HEALTH & FITNESS: Chair Massage: First Friday, $10 for 10 minutes, call to register. Blood Pressure Reading: Tuesdays, 11 a.m.-noon. Foot Care Nurses: available for home visits, $29, appointment needed. Reflexology: First and third Friday of each month, $10 for 15 minutes, call to make and appointment. Lunch: Monday, Tuesday, 11:45 a.m., reservations must be made the week prior. Quilting Club: Second and fourth Thursday, 1 p.m. UPCOMING EVENTS WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Gentle walking, noon; pitch, 12:30 p.m.; rug making, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Around Town; chair exercise, 10 a.m.; aerobics, 10:40 a.m.; blood pressure readings, 11 a.m.; knitting, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Walmart; tai chi, 9 a.m.; Gentle Exercise class, 10:15 a.m.; line dance, 1:40 p.m.; zumba, 2 p.m. Thursday: Stop & Shop; tap dance, 9:30 a.m.; jazz class, 10 a.m.; chair exercises, 10 a.m.; dominoes, 11:30 a.m.; support group, 1 p.m.; quilting club, 1 p.m. Friday: Men's Breakfast Club, 8:30 a.m.; SHINE, 9 a.m.; zumba gold, 10:30 a.m.; bridge, 1 p.m.; line dancing, 1:40 p.m. Mail items to The Republican, P.O. Box 1329, Springfield, MA 01102-1329, fax to 413-788-1301 or email to pluspapers@repub.com MassLive on mobile See All » Sign up for push notifications Sign up for custom traffic alerts Sign up for breaking news text alerts MassLive Apps » Search for Community events Select a Start Date See All Events  » Submit Your Events  » Most Read Active Discussions About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In The Paint In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Wabash Valley Classic Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Moore to the Story Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery 24° F Clear Hi: 33° F Lo: 24° F 11 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Latest Headlines Heavy snow traps 5 Indian soldiers along Kashmir frontier Updated: 1 min ago SRINAGAR, India (AP) — The Indian army says five soldiers on patrol have been trapped under snow after a snowy track caved in along the high… UN says migrant resettlement programs benefit US Updated: 1 min ago BERLIN (AP) — Two United Nations agencies say long-standing U.S. support for resettlement programs has offered a double benefit, “first by r… US suspends immigration program helping non-Muslim Iranians Updated: 1 min ago Ryan sidesteps Trump’s goal of health coverage for all Updated: 39 mins ago AP Top Political News at 3:18 a.m. EST Updated: 39 mins ago Weather Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Current Conditions 24° F Clear Feels Like: 17° F Wind: SSW 6 Humidity: 81% Dewpoint: 19° F Sunrise: 8:00 AM Sunset: 6:05 PM Terre Haute Weather Forecast Radar Tower Cam Satellite Sponsored by: Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In The Paint In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Wabash Valley Classic Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Moore to the Story Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery Search for: Search the site 24° F Clear Hi: 33° F Lo: 24° F Recalls this week: notebook batteries, electric scooters Associated Press Published: January 27, 2017, 2:29 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) More than 100,000 notebook batteries are being recalled as part of an expanded recall because they can overheat, posing a fire hazard. Other recalled consumer products include electric scooters and mowers. Here’s a more detailed look: NOTEBOOK BATTERIES DETAILS: This expanded recall involves lithium-ion batteries containing Panasonic cells that are used in HP notebook computers. The batteries are compatible with HP, Compaq, HP ProBook, HP ENVY, Compaq Presario, and HP Pavilion notebook computers. They were shipped with notebook computers sold between March 2013 and October 2016. The battery bar code is printed on the back of the battery. “HP Notebook Battery” and the model number are printed on the battery. The batteries included in this expanded recall have bar codes starting with: 6BZLU, 6CGFK, 6CGFQ, 6CZMB, 6DEMA, 6DEMH, 6DGAL and 6EBVA. They were sold at Best Buy, Walmart, Costco, Sam’s Club and authorized dealers nationwide and at www.hp.com and other websites from March 2013 through October. WHY: The batteries can overheat, posing fire and burn hazards. INCIDENTS: One additional report of the battery overheating, melting and charring and causing about $1,000 in property damage. HOW MANY: About 101,000. An additional 41,000 batteries were previously recalled in June 2016. About 3,000 were sold in Canada and 4,000 in Mexico. FOR MORE: Call HP at 888-202-4320 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday through Friday or visitwww.HP.com/go/batteryprogram2016 or www.hp.com and click “Recalls” at the bottom of the page for more information. ELECTRIC SCOOTERS DETAILS: Pulse Safe Start Transform electric scooters for children with manufacturing date codes between Sept. 10, 2016 and Oct. 11, 2016. The date code is printed on a label located under the platform in format XX(month)/XX(day)/2016 – 066QY. The scooters were sold in blue and have two wheels in front and one in the rear. They were sold atTarget stores nationwide from October 2016 through November 2016. WHY: The knuckle that joins the wheel to the axle can break, posing a fall hazard to the rider. INCIDENTS: None reported HOW MANY: About 8,000. FOR MORE: Call Pulse Performance Products at 844-287-8711 from 7:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. PT Monday through Friday or visit www.pulsescooters.com and click on “CPSC Safety Recalls” for more information. FIELD AND BRUSH MOWERS DETAILS: This recall involves the Pro-XL-44 model of the DR brand tow-behind field and brush mower made by Country Home Products. The mowers are towed behind a riding mower or ATV to clear acres of thick grass and brush. The recalled mowers have an electric start 20 HP Briggs & Stratton engine and a serial number between TB21001001 – TB21002555. They are black and orange and have two blades and four wheels and are 44 inches wide. There is a large label below the machine’s fuel tank that with “DR Field and Brush Mower” printed on it and a round DR logo is in the right hand corner. The serial number is printed on the rear right corner of the frame near the engine control panel. They were sold through the Country Home Products catalog, website and authorized independent dealers nationwide from October 2015 through July 2016. WHY: The fuel tank valve can malfunction and cause the fuel tank to expand and gasoline liquid or vapors to be unexpectedly released, posing fire and burn hazards. INCIDENTS: About 830. HOW MANY: 10 reports of fires, including one report of a burn injury to a consumer’s hand. FOR MORE: Call Country Home Products at 877-271-5677 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to tbmrecall@chp.com or visit www.DRPower.com and click on “Product Recalls” at the bottom of the page for more information. BEACH CHAIRS DETAILS: MYSINGSÖ beach chairs sold at IKEA from February 2013 through December 2016. The chairs are foldable with a wood base and an attached polyester fabric seat. The article numbers are on labels on the wooden frame and sewn into the fabric. They include: 902.280.08, 302.580.79, 502.851.66, 802.873.95, 002.931.40, 303.120.24, 503.120.23, and 003.120.25. WHY: The beach chairs can collapse, posing fall and fingertip amputation hazards. INCIDENTS: 13 reports worldwide of incidents, including 10 reports of injuries, six of which resulted in fingertip amputations. Three of the incidents, including one fingertip amputation injury, were reported in the U.S. HOW MANY: About 33,400. FOR MORE: Call IKEA at 888-966-4532 or visit www.ikea-usa.com and click on Press Room at the bottom of the page, then on Product Recalls at the top of the page for more information. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Riley doctors issue holiday warning to parents Things to know if you lose power Watch these things on your car during cold months Glopo recalls children’s scooters Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Photo Galleries Heroic actions help two escape Terre Haute apartment fire; victims listed in critical but stable condition Hello Santa! PHOTOS: Items confiscated by TSA Holiday shopping 2016: This year’s most dangerous toys Dec. 13: Snow in the Wabash Valley PHOTOS: Santa’s North Pole home valued at $656,957 Photos: Light Your Way Christmas Parade Go Orange to help support awareness for hunger problems Photos: Going Blue for Diabetes Photos: Celebrating Veterans Day 2016 Operation: Honor Flight, Part 1 Photos: Kevin’s No Shave November progress WTHI is taking part in No Shave November Haircuts with a purpose; support members in your community battling cancer Photos: Halloween costumes for 2016 Latest News Thousands of bird deaths draw focus on brimming toxic pit Birds of Pray fly into local schools Officers arrest man after finding drugs during pursuit Terre Haute police investigate robbery First human-pig embryos made in transplant research “From Womb to Tomb,” local group joins nationwide march Fire crews fight blaze in Brazil Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTHITV.com © 2000-2017 Terre Haute TV, LLC . All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News News Local Crime Education Health News Illinois Indiana Southern Indiana US & World On Your Side Photo Galleries Digital Download Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Healthy Living Make a Difference Pet Saver Golden Apple Weather Forecast Radar Closings and Delays Weather Alerts Tower Cams Satellite Severe Weather Current Conditions Text Alerts Weather Pics Weather App More Community Calendar Pump Watch Television Schedule Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Lottery Job Watch 10 Sports Sports College High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State MLB NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Station About WTHI-TV Advertise Contact WTHI-TV Email & Text Alerts Child Programming FCC Public File EEO Report Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
skip to main content Your News & Information Source Broadcasting live from the University of Nevada, Reno Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Arts and Culture Business and Economy Commentaries and Opinion Crime Education Energy and Environment Politics and Policy Public Health University of Nevada, Reno Programs Morning Edition The Diane Rehm Show Here and Now BBC News Hour Fresh Air Marketplace All Things Considered Science Friday Beyond the Headlines All Other Programs Holiday Programs Schedule Daily/Weekly Schedule Printable Schedule Community Calendar Ways to Support Sustaining Membership One-Time Gift Volunteer with Us Signal Circle Membership Levels & Benefits Planned Giving Business Support Vehicle Donation About KUNR KUNR Station Notes and Events Mission Statement Communities We Serve Staff Contact Us List of KUNR Business Supporters Connect with KUNR Career Opportunities Search Menu Home News Arts and Culture Business and Economy Commentaries and Opinion Crime Education Energy and Environment Politics and Policy Public Health University of Nevada, Reno Programs Morning Edition The Diane Rehm Show Here and Now BBC News Hour Fresh Air Marketplace All Things Considered Science Friday Beyond the Headlines All Other Programs Holiday Programs Schedule Daily/Weekly Schedule Printable Schedule Community Calendar Ways to Support Sustaining Membership One-Time Gift Volunteer with Us Signal Circle Membership Levels & Benefits Planned Giving Business Support Vehicle Donation About KUNR KUNR Station Notes and Events Mission Statement Communities We Serve Staff Contact Us List of KUNR Business Supporters Connect with KUNR Career Opportunities Search Hundreds Rally As School Choice Gains in Popularity By Paul Boger • 8 hours ago TweetShareGoogle+Email Students and supporters rally on the steps of the Capitol during National School Choice Week. Credit Paul Boger Education Savings Accounts have become an incredibly controversial topic in Nevada since lawmakers approved the voucher program in 2015. So far between 8,000 and 9,000 students have signed-up for the program despite a Nevada Supreme Court decision striking down the state's previous attempts to fund the ESA’s. Listen Listening... / 3:59 Hear the story here! Jumping, clapping and waving bright yellow scarves on the steps of the amphitheater at the State Capitol in Carson City, hundreds of children danced to the music of Justin Timberlake as part of a rally in support of Nation School Choice Week. Wednesday's rally was one of thousands nationwide. Held every January, it promotes the expansion of more educational options for children, whether it's charter schools, vouchers or home schooling. Pat Hickey is a former Assemblyman from Washoe County and now oversees the Charter School Association of Nevada. He says all parents deserve options. "It shouldn't just be that you can go to school where your neighborhood is. For example, if you live next to a Walmart, should that mean you only can shop at Walmart? How about if you want to go to Target or Macy's or Dillard's? Or maybe you get a discount coupon to go to Neiman Marcus like the ESA's are? Shouldn't you have that freedom and opportunity here in America? I think so." School choice has been growing in popularity in recent years. According to the state Department of Education, more than 47,000 children -- or roughly one-in-ten -- attend charter school in Nevada. And with promises to put nearly 60 Million dollars into the state's education savings accounts, many parents have begun looking into the program. Laquenta Luster of Reno sends her daughter to SNACS - Sierra Nevada Acadmey Charter School - in Reno. She says her daughter has flourished since enrolling. Laquenta Luster with her daughter at the Nevada School Choice Rally. Credit Paul Boger "She came home this semester with a 3.5. We've never seen that as long as she's been in school. So this has been an amazing journey for us." But despite her daughter's success, Luster says there is still some interest in the voucher program. "Actually, I did sign her up for one a couple of years ago and I didn't think it was important, but now that we know it's important we need it. It can take her anywhere she wants to go [and] I think it's a good idea to have one for every family." But not everyone is convinced that the plan will bolster the public education system. Reuben Murillo is with the Nevada State Education Association - the state's largest teacher union. He says vouchers will only hurt traditional public schools. "Any time you divert money away from public schools you end up leaving gaping holes in the budget, in schools resources. It could increase class size [and] diminish supplies necessary for those students who are not able to go to a private school." Other organizations have also voiced concern over ESAs. After Governor Brian Sandoval announced his intent to fund the savings accounts the upcoming legislative session, the ACLU of Nevada wrote in a statement that the money associated with the ESA's could possibly be sent to private schools that would discriminate on the basis of religion, sexual orientation, gender identity and disability. Last year, the state Supreme Court agreed taxpayer money could not be used to send children to religious schools and struck down the state's funding mechanism. But speaking to supporters at the rally Wednesday, Republican Senator Ben Kieckhefer of Reno says lawmakers should work to fully support the program. "It is my commitment to walk out of that building with universal school choice funded with the promises met that we made to families of this state, and that we achieve that objective so that all parents and families can make the choices that are best for their families." However, Democrats, who regained control of the legislature last November, say they will fight efforts to fund the savings accounts. Aaron Ford of Las Vegas is the Senate Majority Leader. "It is not fair to Nevada families to divert our limited resources toward private schools.  Any amount of money directed toward a voucher program will automatically result in less money being made to public schools. This session legislative Democrats will be focused on ensuring an adequately and equitably funded public school system." With enrollment rates in charter schools and the education savings accounts continuing to grow, the fight over school choice is far from over. Tags:  Nevada School choice education savings account Education legislature TweetShareGoogle+Email Related Content Nevada's High Court Scrutinizes School Choice Program By Julia Ritchey • Jul 29, 2016 Nevada Supreme Court The Nevada Supreme Court heard arguments today both for and against the state's sweeping school choice program.  The high court heard two challenges to Nevada's Education Savings Account program, or ESAs, passed by the Republican-controlled legislature last year. The ESAs are designed to give parents the state's per-pupil allocation, roughly $5,000, to pay for private school tuition and other qualified programs. At question in the first challenge is whether the state inappropriately diverted funds from public schools. Is Universal School Choice Leaving Low-Income Students Out? By Amy Westervelt • Sep 3, 2015 Alexa Ard Although some in the state legislature are selling Nevada’s new education savings account program as a benefit for low-income students, many Washoe County families don't see it as a realistic option for them. I wanted to see if parents and students at Reno's low-income public schools had heard of the ESA program, and what they thought of it. So I hit the streets just as school was letting out. “Have you heard about the Education Savings Account program in Nevada?” “No” “No, sorry me no.” “Have you heard about the Education Savings Account program?” Business Leaders Fear School Overcrowding Will Threaten Economic Growth By Anh Gray • Oct 20, 2016 Anh Gray   Note: This story orginally aired on May 24, 2016.   This November, Washoe County voters are being asked whether or not to approve a sales tax increase to pay for school capital improvements. School officials say the money will help alleviate overcrowded classrooms. For quite some time now, many area business leaders have been hammering the message that school overcrowding could hurt the region’s economic growth. About four hundred gathered this past spring to rally support for the measure. Reno Public Radio’s Anh Gray has this report.  KUNR is proudly supported by © 2017 KUNR Corporation For Public Broadcasting Required Information Financial Documents EEO Jobs
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 17 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM JAN 28, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News JAN 28, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 17 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login 5 tips for buying jewelry for Valentine’s Day By ANNE D’INNOCENZIO The Associated Press First Published Jan 27 2017 05:54PM    •    Last Updated Jan 27 2017 06:16 pm This photo provided by Rocksbox shows a Rocksbox jewelry gift set. Rocksbox.com, a rental jewelry subscription service, allows shoppers to get three items per month based on their tastes, delivered to their doors. Rocksbox.com offers memberships of three months, six months and 12 months with a gift card that can be applied to a purchase. (Rocksbox via AP) This photo provided by Rocksbox shows a Rocksbox jewelry gift set. Rocksbox.com, a rental jewelry subscription service, allows shoppers to get three items per month based on their tastes, delivered to their doors. Rocksbox.com offers memberships of three months, six months and 12 months with a gift card that can be applied to a purchase. (Rocksbox via AP) Shopping » Make the experience less stressful by taking the time to understand your partner’s tastes and shopping at reputable jewelry stores. Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (3) New York • Shopping for jewelry for a loved one ahead of Valentine's Day can be stressful. But learning some tricks should help anyone have an easier time finding the perfect gift. That means understanding a partner's tastes, shopping at reputable jewelry stores and learning what the wording means in terms of how gemstones are graded. And there's plenty of opportunity to haggle for the best price. "It is a big time to buy jewelry," says Amanda Gizzi, a spokeswoman at the Jewelers of America, a trade association with more than 8,000 retail members. "There are some wonderful sales to be had. Look for the best pieces for your budget, but don't be dazzled by the discounts." VIDEOS TOP JOBS Above all, start researching with time to spare, figure out how much you want to spend, and shop to take advantage of post-holiday sales or limited-time Valentine's Day deals. The median price for a piece of jewelry is $350, excluding engagement rings and wedding bands, the trade group says. But there's a wide range of jewelry sellers from Target to Tiffany. At Wal-Mart's Sam's Club, which says its jewelry is priced at a 25 to 40 percent discount over other jewelry retailers, Valentine's deals run from Jan. 25 to the holiday. Macy's jewelry sale, which includes 60 percent off 14-carat and 18-carat gold jewelry, starts Jan. 29 and ends Feb. 9. "You really do need to shop early if you are budget-minded," said Benjamin Glaser, features editor at DealNews.com, an online deal comparison site. Here are some tips: 1. Know your loved one's taste • Look at what your partner is wearing and what's in the jewelry box. If your special someone likes small earrings, don't get big hoops. And if that person is active, don't buy rings with high settings, says Gizzi. Among the trends this year: updated classics like hoop earrings with diamond chips, or layering rings or bracelets. If you plan to buy diamonds, see if there's a way — subtly! — to find out if your partner would rather sacrifice size over quality or vice versa. 2. Do research and learn the lingo • Check out sites like Jewelers of America and online retail sites like Blue Nile for help understanding key terms like what clarity means when you are talking about diamonds, or want to know more about how gemstones are graded. Bluenile.com, which has also begun opening in-person showrooms, offers tools to compare prices from 150,000 independently graded diamonds. 3. Take precautions against fraud • First, be cautious about a store always offering discounts of more than 50 percent. Consumers may find the discount price is actually the average retail price elsewhere, says the Jewelers of America. Buy from a trusted retailer. Ask friends for recommendations, or go to websites like the American Gem Society, which lets you search for reputable jewelry stores by ZIP code. As for diamonds, consumers should insist a stone be accompanied by an independent grading report from a respected lab like the Gemological Institute of America, says Josh Holland, Blue Nile's director of brand experience. Also, check out the return policy and find out whether you'd get your money back or would have to exchange an item for credit. And haggle — it's a common practice in the jewelry business, Glaser says. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY 3 photos VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES The battle over MormonLeaks -- two websites with one name and one goal: target the LDS Church ROTC may move from BYU to UVU after colonel bristles at Honor Code Garrison Keillor: Help us, GOP, you're our only hope SLC shirks Trump, refuses to enforce his immigration edict Utah's Mia Love tears up at anti-abortion rally talking of her parents' choice for life ELEVATE H&R Block Announces Two New Offers: Refund Advance of Up to $1,250 and Free Federal 1040EZ   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   3 Unforgettable Date Night Ideas   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Starbucks in crosshairs as Mexico boycott campaign simmers By The statement came after disparate social media campaigns directed at US companies based in Mexico gained traction, following US President Donald Trump's order to build a border wall along the country's southern border and promise to make Mexico pay for it. - Australia firm signs 20-year pact to supply US LNG to India Keep your account secure » X Ensure that your correct email id and mobile has been registered with moneycontrol. If not, please update your profile and secure the account now. Updating your email id and mobile number offers following benefits: If someone tries to reset your password, you will be informed immediately Only you will receive email & sms alerts relating to your stocks & overall portfolio Opted-in market updates, news, research reports, will be delivered to you on-time Update your profile now » News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts Budget 2017 Presented By: DAYS hours minutes Presented by : Co-Presenting Sponsor : Associate Sponsors : Co-Presenting Sponsor : Associate Sponsors : Budget News markets Mutual Funds commodities Property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Best of Budget » Letter to Finance Minister » Expectations » Market Outlook » Flashback » Real Estate » SME Corner » Insurance Corner » Mutual Fund Corner » Budget Poll » Budget Bets » Tease Your Mind » Classroom » Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » World News Jan 28, 2017, 01.03 PM | Source: Reuters Starbucks in crosshairs as Mexico boycott campaign simmers The statement came after disparate social media campaigns directed at US companies based in Mexico gained traction, following US President Donald Trump's order to build a border wall along the country's southern border and promise to make Mexico pay for it. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Starbucks in crosshairs as Mexico boycott campaign simmers The statement came after disparate social media campaigns directed at US companies based in Mexico gained traction, following US President Donald Trump's order to build a border wall along the country's southern border and promise to make Mexico pay for it. Post Your Comments Share Cancel Seeking to quell a social media campaign imploring Mexicans to boycott US companies, Starbucks defended itself on Friday, saying it had invested millions in the country, created more than 7,000 jobs, and that its local unit is Mexican-owned. The statement came after disparate social media campaigns directed at US companies based in Mexico gained traction, following US President Donald Trump's order to build a border wall along the country's southern border and promise to make Mexico pay for it. In a statement, Starbucks said its Mexican operator Alsea has some 560 stores across Mexico, representing an investment of 5 billion pesos (USD239 million), and sells Arabica coffee beans harvested in the southern Mexican state of Chiapas around the world. Even so, a campaign urged Mexicans not to buy products from the world's biggest coffee seller, with the hashtag #AdiosStarbucks trending on Twitter earlier this week. Social media users have also called for boycotts of US companies including McDonald's , Wal-mart , and Coca-Cola . Earlier this month, a Mexican state governor said his administration would no longer buy cars from US auto maker Ford , calling on others to do the same after the company abruptly cancelled a planned investment in the country. "It's time for Mexicans to show what we're made of," Alejandro Moreno, governor of the southeastern state of Campeche, said. "Actions like this should multiply across the country." On Friday, Mexico's wealthiest man, Carlos Slim, weighed in on the topic, saying he thought attempts to boycott US companies were wrong. "They are American businesses that have come to invest in Mexico, to give employment in Mexico, to produce in Mexico," Slim said. "What needs to be done really is consuming what the country produces." Shares of Starbucks closed down 4 percent on Friday to USD56.12, the lowest level since Janusry 4. Tags  social media Mexicans Starbucks jobs Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Starbucks in crosshairs as Mexico boycott campaign simmers See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News Buffett, Gates have hope for America after Trump ascension Ganeshaspeaks: Market prediction for January 27 Investor Camp: Experts tell you where to put your money L&T Q3 net seen up 7% at Rs 1035 cr, order inflow may fall 20% Govt has increased investment in railways, infra: Prabhu Zuckerberg condemns Trump's anti-immigrant executive orders Begged for help, not loans, says Mallya Trump, Mexican leader speak over phone amid 'wall' rift IMF says Greece debt 'explosive' in long term See all Video of the day Surprised by market upmove post cash ban; buy stocks: Kotak MF Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 | Budget 2017 RBI Credit Policy News Archive FAQs Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login Register Now Sign In X Name* Enter Alphabets only Email* Enter valid email id Contact No.* Enter 10 digits only City Mumbai Delhi Kolkata Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Pune Other Interested in All Confused? use our Compare Brokers feature. Register Now Thank you for registering. Respective broker representative will reach you shortly. sign in
off Serving Central Oregon since 1903 Saturday, January 28, 2017 Subscriber Sign In Manage Account Subscribe Toggle navigation Local/State Education Environment Bend Deschutes County Politics OSU-Cascades Marijuana Business Sports High School Ducks Beavers Golf Community Sports Outdoors Lifestyle Restaurants Drinks Food Home & Garden Family Milestones Travel Outdoors Cook Like a Chef Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Endorsements Submission Policies Health Pulse Magazine Entertainment Events Music Movies GO! Arts Restaurants Drinks Books TV Obits Jobs MORE Nation Outdoors Events Classifieds Webcams Special Publications BendHomes.com Subscribe Digital Newsstand Slideshows Submit a photo Reader Comments Home Local/State Business Sports Lifestyle Entertainment Obits Jobs Events Classifieds Webcams BendHomes.com Slideshows Submit a photo Movies GO! Restaurants Real Estate Home Business Why TV antennas are making a comeback print Share | e-mail Facebook Tweet StumbleUpon Google Why TV antennas are making a comeback By Jennifer Van Grove / The San Diego Union-Tribune Published Jan 28, 2017 at 12:02AM When it comes to television viewing, what’s old is new again as an increasing number of Americans are dumping their cable boxes and going totally retro. That’s right, the tried-and-true TV antenna — just digitally enhanced and minus the goofy bunny ears — is having a moment in the spotlight as people search for cheaper replacements for their cable and satellite TV packages. In fact, since 2013, the percentage of broadband households in the nation using only antennas to watch linear TV has jumped from 9 percent to 15 percent, according to data released this month by Parks Associates. “That’s a significant increase and a steady trend upward,” said Brett Sappington, who as senior director of research at Parks Associate tracks trends in TV viewing. “There is a bit of a renaissance for the antenna. For many years, the trend in the U.S. was in the rise of pay TV as a primary entertainment option for consumers. But, if you look worldwide, over-the-air broadcasts are by far the dominant way people watch TV channels.” And, really, the resurgence in antenna usage in the U.S. isn’t all that surprising. What with some cable and internet packages climbing well past $250 per month, a consumer pushback was seemingly inevitable. It certainly doesn’t hurt that all you need is a digital antenna for live access to over-the-air, HD broadcasts on the local stations we all know: ABC, NBC, CBS, FOX, PBS and the CW. Plus, you can find several affordable antenna options at your neighborhood Walmart, and plenty more on Amazon. Better still, once you have said antenna, those broadcast channels are all free. Yes, reception, obviously, varies based on your location, but a handy tool from the Federal Communications Commission makes it easy to gauge what stations have the strongest signals in your neighborhood. The antenna’s comeback can be directly linked to the increasing cost of traditional pay TV packages, Sappington said. At the end of 2016, American households, he said, were paying, on average, $84 a month just for cable or satellite TV. Truth be told, the households embracing antennas probably never watched the broadcast networks all that much to begin with. “My impression is that the vast majority of people using antennas are doing it because they’ve bought into some streaming service and don’t want to watch that much broadcast TV,” said Paul Verna, an internet TV analyst with e-marketer. Ultimately, those streaming choices let consumers piece together their own version of the classic cable bundle. So, while the antenna may seem like a blast from past, it really presents a path to the future. 16298304 View next article in Business     Get Central Oregon's top headlines delivered to your inbox every morning GO print version Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus This image is copyrighted. To purchase photo click here! Close window 2016: The year in review The Bulletin's top photos of 2016 Slideshow The building of a Keith Manufacturing Walking Floor Slideshow Hops harvest Get daily headlines to your inbox GO Connect with The Bulletin Tweets from https://twitter.com/thebulletin/business-writers Popular Comments Popular stories for Business State disciplines Bend accountant 01/26/2017 A Bend accountant faces heavy financial penalties and further disciplinary action if ... more ICYMI: Most broadband users still pay for television 01/23/2017 A 37-year-old teacher, Ryan Kelling, of Bend, pays for DirecTV, broadband internet, ... more Drug testing bill filed in Salem 01/20/2017 A bill meant to prevent employers from using off-the-clock marijuana use as ... more Disaster creates opportunity for snow and ice contractors 01/26/2017 Cricket Kadoch paid an out-of-state contractor $2,850 for six hours of work ... more Bend-based credit union tackles good challenges 01/24/2017 All of Mid Oregon Credit Union’s challenges stem from growth, and those ... more Recent article comments» View more comments» Comments powered by Disqus The Bulletin Contact Us Staff Directory Advertise with Us Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Connect with The Bulletin Subscriptions New Subscription Vacation Hold Back Copies Share Because You Care Newspapers In Education Subscription Rates General Account Help Our Partners Baker City Herald La Grande Observer Northeast Oregon Classifieds Union Democrat Del Norte Triplicate Curry Coastal Pilot Central Oregon Nickel Bend Homes Northwest Web Press Quick Links Digital Newsstand Special Ad Sections Restaurant Guide Obituaries TV Listings Movie Listings ODOT Web Cams Oregon Lottery Parade Magazine Submit an Event Submit a worship service Photos Submit Photos View Reader Photos View Bulletin Photos Purchase Photos Explore more of Central Oregon with a subscription to The Bulletin. Subscribe © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | Email Contacts | 541-382-1811 Quick links Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Manage Account ODOT Web Cams Movie Listings Restaurant Guide Submit Photos Submit an Event © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | Contact us | 541-382-1811
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Saturday, 28 Jan 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Saturday, 28 Jan 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events The Express Tribune > Technology   Rocket Internet ropes in former eBay exec to build engineering hub in Bangkok Share Tweet Rocket Internet ropes in former eBay exec to build engineering hub in Bangkok The decisi­on to centra­lize operat­ions for ecomme­rce market­place Daraz Group in Pakist­an will remain unaffe­cted By Osman Husain Published: January 28, 2017 Tech in Asia Publishing Partner 0SHARES Share Tweet Email German startup juggernaut Rocket Internet is famed for its frenzied pace of execution – taking a business from idea to implementation in a couple of months – and aggressively scaling thereafter. Part of how the incubator manages to do that is because it’s able to rely on dedicated engineering hubs in Berlin and Portugal. Developers work with local teams on the ground in Asia and Africa to build websites and apps as well as manage things like online marketing and data analytics. The cost of maintaining these hubs is then billed back to the local startups, contributing to a complex financial structure that leaves some analysts scratching their heads. The German company announced today that it’s investing in its third hub globally (and first in Asia), which will be based in Bangkok. This center will concentrate on startups under the umbrella of the Asia Pacific Internet Group (APACIG) – Rocket’s joint venture in Asia along with Qatar telecommunications giant Ooredoo. Rocket Internet’s global venture fund is now worth a billion dollars The tech hub will start servicing the engineering needs of four APACIG startups for now – hotel platform Zenrooms, travel-booking site Jovago, and classifieds sites Everjobs and Ads. It’s headed by recent hires Sohil Gilani, chief product officer of APACIG, and Alex Stansfield, head of engineering. It has a current headcount of 20 product managers, developers, and engineers. Rocket’s already recruiting more people to join the team and Hanno Stegmann, CEO of APACIG, says it’s likely that the overall employee tally will “more than double by the end of 2017.” “The decision where we will start the tech hub was tough, there are many rising cities all across Asia. We decided for Bangkok, as there is a strong base of local tech talents, many expats consider it a city worth living in, and it is a key market for some of our companies,” explains Hanno. Mobile-first Both Sohil and Alex have extensive backgrounds in product management and engineering prior to their roles at APACIG. Sohil’s worked at eBay and Walmart and was also the chief product officer at Lazada. His LinkedIn profile indicates he relinquished the role shortly after Lazada’s acquisition by Alibaba. Alex has held software development jobs in London and Southeast Asia in a career spanning several years. 5 possible reasons for Rocket Internet’s surprise sell-off of Foodpanda One of the core tenets of the hub is to deepen Rocket’s regional expertise in building products tailored for Asian consumers as well as bring the tech team closer to their markets. They’ll be drawing upon their years of experience gleaned from Berlin and Portugal but also infuse an Asian flavor. “What is definitively special here in APAC is the huge focus on mobile devices. Everything we build here is mobile-first,” says Hanno. The team’s tight-lipped on how much money has been invested into building this center but Hanno says the decision to centralize operations for ecommerce marketplace Daraz Group in Pakistan will remain unaffected. He hints that more APACIG portfolio startups will eventually be transitioned towards Bangkok as well – but it “depends on their individual needs and IT roadmap.” “We are looking forward to have the best developers, product managers, and designers of Asia joining our team,” adds Sohil in an emailed statement. This article originally appeared on Tech in Asia. Read more: Rocket Internet , Start-ups , Tech in Asia Read full story Recommended Stories Infinix releases new flagship Zero4 Plus on Daraz.pk The phone boasts the highest quality build and is one of the most luscious designs seen on a smartphone recently. A multi-million dollar seed fund syndicate is open for business in Pakistan Sarmayacar recently poured US$200,000 into music streaming app Patari Tech-savvy people drive growth momentum in hospitality industry Jovago portal says it is working to improve services, educating hotel owners Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 Pakistan not among countries to face visa ban: Trump 2 The million($) ‘invitation’ to Trump’s inaugural 3 Twitter reacts: Mahira Khan’s debut in Raees has hearts racing 4 The truth behind whether WhatsApp will actually notify people over screenshots 5 PSL opening ceremony set to go 'Boombastic' with Shaggy 6 PEMRA bans Amir Liaquat over hate speech 7 Trump immigration and Pakistanis 8 Indian filmmaker Sanjay Leela Bhansali slapped at Jaipur film set 9 Umar Akmal — a waste of world-class talent 10 Where did Stone Cold Steve Austin disappear after retirement? Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Fashion Under One Roof Of Gems and WildFlowers Let’s Brunch The Big O More in TechnologyThis Pakistani is helping girls in Singapore make their mark in tech © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters A -- Z Blogs Business World Sports Technology Magazine WebChutney Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
GoSearch Replay: KTLA 5 News KTLA 5 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us KTLA Menu News Morning News Podcasts Contests Traffic Events About Weather 47° 47° Low 43° High 63° Sat 46° 72° Sun 50° 76° Mon 50° 78° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Alhambra Police Search for 2 Suspects After 72-Year-Old Woman Attacked, Robbed Posted 10:34 PM, January 27, 2017, by Mariel Turner and Kimberly Cheng Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video Alhambra police are investigating on Friday after a 72-year-old woman was struck on the neck and robbed at her home. The victim arrived at her home in the 900 block of East Valley Boulevard Jan. 14 around 1 p.m. and was approached by a man, according to police. The suspect, described as a 5-foot 10-inch Hispanic man in his 30's, was dressed in a hard hat and reflective vest. He asked the woman about the electrical box on the property before hitting her on the neck with a stun gun and stealing her purse, officials said. "I notice this gentleman was walking towards me from inside our condo area, not from on the street but already from inside," said the victim. "He was wearing utility clothes." The victim fell down after the attack and hit her head, police said. She was taken to a local hospital with a black eye and received multiple stitches to her head. "I managed to drag myself to the car to call. It was very difficult because I was in shock," the victim added. "It makes me angry." The robber fled on foot and was seen about an hour later on surveillance video leaving a white Jeep Grand Cherokee at a Walmart store in Pico Rivera, police said. A man and woman are seen entering the store where the woman attempts to purchase items with the victim's stolen debit card. The transaction does not go through and the pair are seen leaving the store together. Anyone with information about this crime is asked to call the Alhambra Police Department at 626-570-5157. Filed in: Local News Topics: alhambra police department Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email KTLA 5 News on Instagram Popular ‘Can You Hear Me?’ Scam Has Police Warning Would-Be Victims to Hang Up Immediately Aspiring Actor Live Streams His Suicide on Facebook Days After Sex Assault Arrest in Santa Clarita Missing 28-Year-Old Woman Found Alive After Abandoned Car Located in Antelope Valley Twin Baby Girls From Illinois Have Different Skin Colors Latest News Alhambra Police Search for 2 Suspects After 72-Year-Old Woman Attacked, Robbed 1 Man Shot, Killed in El Sereno; Shooter at Large 1 Man Injured After Officer-Involved Shooting in Alhambra Lyle Menendez Speaks From Prison, Reveals New Details About Killing Local News Woman Stunned With Taser, Robbed at Apartment Complex in Alhambra Local News Tujunga Man’s Home Set on Fire After He Is Tied Up and Robbed; 2 Suspects at Large Local News Burglars Sought After Stealing $6,000 From 92-Year-Old Montecito Heights Woman Local News Man Sought in Robbery, Attempted Sex Assault Intentionally Crashed Into Victim’s Car, Riverside Police Say Local News Burglary Suspect Arrested After Officer-Involved Shooting in South Pasadena Home: LASD Local News Man Who Attempted to Sexually Assault Woman After Exposing Himself Sought by Santa Ana Police Local News Caught on Video: Hit-and-Run Driver Leaves Pedestrian in Critical Condition in Van Nuys Local News Police Have ID’d Suspect Accused of Robbing 73-Year-Old Woman in Santa Ana CVS Parking Lot News 2 hours ago 1 Man Injured After Officer-Involved Shooting in Alhambra Local News Mother Dies After Son Throws Her Out of Second Floor Window, Stomps on Her Head: LAPD Local News Man Arrested in Connection With Attempted Sexual Assaults, Robberies in Riverside; Police Seek More Victims Local News Police Search for Suspect Accused of Robbing 90-Year-Old Man at Westfield Mall in Culver City Nation/World More Women Come Forward in UW-Madison Sexual Assault Case Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App KTLA 5 News on Social Media Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 5800 Sunset Blvd. Los Angeles, CA, 90028 • Copyright © 2017, KTLA • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou Slu NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 29° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy skies during the morning hours will become overcast in the afternoon. High 41F. Winds WNW at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Cloudy. A few flurries or snow showers possible. Low 31F. Winds WNW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: January 28, 2017 @ 2:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close 1 of 4 Handout Schnucks is contracting with Instacart for the new home delivery service.  Buy Now Stephanie S. Cordle FILE PHOTO: Mike Block, general manager of Green Bean Delivery in Missouri,right, and Mike Morris, delivery driver load a truck with bins that are to be delivered to customers on Wednesday, March 13, 2013 in O'fallon, MO. Customers can order online and select a produce bin of their choice and delivery frequency. Each produce bin is customizable with local dairy, meats, bread and other grocery products. Photo by Stephanie S. Cordle, scordle@post-dispatch.com Handout Schnucks is contracting with Instacart for the new home delivery service.  Schnucks expanding delivery as Instacart enters St. Louis By Lisa Brown St. Louis Post-Dispatch Lisa Brown 3 hrs ago (…) Handout Schnucks is contracting with Instacart for the new home delivery service.  As competition for customers heats up with more places to buy groceries, Schnuck Markets is betting big on online ordering and same-day delivery. Beginning next month, Schnucks is rolling out a new delivery service at 29 of its local stores, including the Metro East, to both homes and businesses. Maryland Heights-based Schnucks is among several retailers partnering with Instacart to offer online ordering and delivery beginning Feb. 16. Other retailers that will begin offering delivery through Instacart locally next month are Straub’s, Shop ’n Save, Whole Foods Market, Costco and Petco, Instacart spokeswoman Rebecca Silliman told the Post-Dispatch on Friday. Based in San Francisco, rapidly growing Instacart provides delivery service for retailers across the country in 30 markets. It just expanded grocery delivery in Virginia Beach and plans to launch in Nashville soon. Instacart plans to hire at least 50 people in the St. Louis area, Silliman said. Beginning next month, customers can access Schnucks Delivers’ new service online at Schnucksdelivers.com. Instacart will provide the software, shoppers and drivers. “There are quite a few retailers offering delivery, and we saw a demand from the consumer for this type of service, for customers who are time-strapped or folks who aren’t as mobile as they used to be,” said Ryan Cuba, Schnucks’ chief store merchant. +3  Schnucks is contracting with Instacart for the new home delivery service.  Handout Customers pay online, select a window of time for the delivery and must be available when it’s delivered. A few product categories won’t be available, including alcohol, cigarettes, floral arrangements and prescriptions. With a minimum purchase of $35, Schnucks Delivers charges $5.99 for two-hour delivery or $9.99 for one-hour delivery. For orders under $35, two-hour delivery costs $7.99. Customers also can pay an annual fee for $149 for unlimited deliveries, or $14.99 a month. Grocery delivery is nothing new. Decades ago, it was common for neighborhood markets to make deliveries to customers’ homes. More recently, Chesterfield-based Dierbergs supermarkets begin partnering with Groceries to Go, a third-party provider, in 1999 for shopping and deliveries. Privately held Schnucks, which has 100 stores in five states, introduced its Express Connection delivery service in 1998 but the service had only a few hundred customers. At a higher delivery price, between $14 and $17, it was rarely used, and the chain stopped accepting new customers two years ago. “It’s 1998 technology,” Cuba said of the dated website that hadn’t been upgraded in years. “Instacart’s software platform works well for us, and they handle it all from A to Z,” Cuba said. “With technology, things are changing rapidly, and we have to stay with it.” Who's hired? Check our People in Business Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis Competition among grocers has increased as more retailers including Wal-Mart, Target and dollar stores have increased their grocery offerings. As more people make purchases on their smartphones, grocers are striving to make online shopping easier. Schnucks’ expansion of delivery capabilities comes as other retailers are also expanding services. Last year, Wal-Mart introduced online grocery ordering with same-day curbside pickup for no fee at a few stores in the St. Louis area and has expanded it to eight local stores. Other companies are also expanding delivery. Online natural and organic grocery delivery service Green BEAN Delivery was founded in Indiana a decade ago and entered the St. Louis market in early 2013. As companies such as Amazon and other retailers grow in popularity, consumers are increasingly gravitating to delivery, said Shane Towne, president of Green BEAN’s parent company Bean LLC. “People are getting more comfortable with product delivery because there are companies like ours that take safety and cold chain management seriously,” Towne said, adding that his company uses refrigerated delivery trucks. +3  Buy Now FILE PHOTO: Mike Block, general manager of Green Bean Delivery in Missouri,right, and Mike Morris, delivery driver load a truck with bins that are to be delivered to customers on Wednesday, March 13, 2013 in O'fallon, MO. Customers can order online and select a produce bin of their choice and delivery frequency. Each produce bin is customizable with local dairy, meats, bread and other grocery products. Photo by Stephanie S. Cordle, scordle@post-dispatch.com Stephanie S. Cordle Green BEAN recently introduced Green BEAN Office that allows businesses to customize $50 bins filled with vegetables, snacks and drinks for employees that are delivered weekly or biweekly. Since its debut last year, the service has grown to hundreds of corporate clients in St. Louis, Cincinnati, Nashville, Tenn., and a few other markets. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Schnuck Markets St. Louis Schnucks Online Grocer Sales E-commerce Maryland Heights Green Bean Office Instacart Cincinnati Missouri San Francisco Costco Target Whole Foods Market Nashville Walmart Green Bean Shane Towne Ryan Cuba Delivery Commerce Economics Customer Lisa Brown Lisa Brown is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Lisa Brown Close Get email notifications on Lisa Brown daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Lisa Brown posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Lisa Brown Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Most popular Amazon to begin charging sales tax in Missouri Nicklaus: Right-to-work won't magically create jobs in Missouri Canada to Mexico on NAFTA: You might be on your own Dog shelter booted out of Chesterfield Mall shutting down St. Louis board approves mosque development in historic district — with no wall Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Schnucks expanding delivery as Instacart enters St. Louis St. Louis bolsters ties to Israeli startups with new Ameren tech partnership St. Louis Fed launches new forecasting game Post-Dispatch offers buyouts to employees Mallinckrodt completes sale of nuclear imaging business Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces We have the most in-depth local news coverage Find the dream job you are looking for Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to content Home Subscribe Big Government Big Journalism Big Hollywood National Security Tech Video Sports The Wires Breitbart London Breitbart Jerusalem Breitbart Texas Breitbart California STORE Facebook Twitter RSS SHOP NOW > TechCrunch: Impossible to Determine Trump’s Exact Crowd Size SAUL LOEB/AFP/Getty Images by Chriss W. Street25 Jan 2017Newport Beach, CA0 25 Jan, 2017 24 Jan, 2017 SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Although the left is ridiculing President Donald Trump by claiming that his inaugural crowd was 160,000 versus the President’s 1 million and 1.5 million estimate, commercial technology was not available on the overcast day to give an accurate inaugural attendance. The latest brouhaha started when BBC’s Radio 4 Today program interviewed Marcel Altenburg, who identified himself as a “crowd scientist” from Manchester Metropolitan University. Altenburg claimed that Donald Trump’s National Mall crowd “was a third of what we saw in 2009” in the same location for Barack Obama’s first inauguration (Obama’s crowd was estimated at 1.8 million). SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Altenburg’s math meant that President Trump’s crowd would have been about 600,000 attendees. But by the time the story got to the New York Times, they reported that the crowd was only “about 160,000 people in those areas in the hour leading up to Mr. Trump’s speech Friday.” The Times added that “at least 470,000 people were at the women’s march in Washington in the areas on and near the mall at about 2 p.m. Saturday,” or about triple Trump’s crowd. But a review of Manchester Metropolitan University’s faculty does not list a “Marcel Altenburg” as a professor. LinkedIn does list a “Marcel Altenburg” as an “Enterprise Delivery Fellow.” Mr. Altenburg does not have a Ph.D. and only lists himself as currently enrolled in a Master of Science program in “Crowd Safety and Risk Analysis.” Altenburg states he began the program in 2015 and will not obtain his masters until 2018. With the media and Trump Administration in another tangle over who is making up “Fake News,” the TechCrunch blog decided to ask experts in the geospatial analytics arena to find out why accurately estimating crowds might be difficult. Orbital Insight and Descartes Labs are two companies that use machine learning models to analyze satellite imagery feed data to quantify trends and generate forecasts. Examples of their tasks might include counting cars in a Walmart parking lot so that hedge funds can predict company earnings trends ahead of corporate SEC filings. Descartes Labs CEO Mark Johnson told TechCrunch that a $750 million spy in-the-sky satellite with enough spacial resolution to analyze crowd density would have been thwarted by the thick clouds that “obfuscated Washington, D.C. on both inauguration day and the day of the Women’s March.” Johnson told TechCrunch, “There are sensors that can see through clouds like Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR), but those instruments are rare.” That is techspeak for the fact that military level reconnaissance satellites are generally not available for commercial crowd counting. Johnson also commented that the orbital frequency and angle of sophisticated satellites such as WorldView-4, traveling in an orbit at 17,000 miles an hour, would not be on station for the 20 minutes of President Trump’s speech, let alone the 80-minute program. A high flying helicopter or drone would have the capability to loiter at altitude during the inaugural events. But the Federal Aviation Administration has restricted a “No Drone Zone” and “Special Flight Rules Area” within a 30-mile radius of Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport. The Secret Service and Washington D.C. Park Police would also never allow such a security risk with a major event in the National Mall. Read More Stories About: Big Government, Breitbart California, crowd scientist, Fake NNews, Marcel Altenburg, Trump Inaugural, Trump Inauguration Comment count on this article reflects comments made on Breitbart.com and Facebook. Visit Breitbart's Facebook Page. BREITBART CONNECT Sign Up For Our Newsletter Inauguration Weekend! What Trump Means Douglas Carswell Karl Malone MOST POPULAR President Trump Signs Executive Order Temporarily Halting All Refugees0 comments - 7 hours ago Zuckerberg Hits Trump’s Immigration Policies, Says Must ‘Keep Door Open to Refugees’0 comments - 9 hours ago NAACP Vows to Oppose Trump’s Voter Fraud Investigation0 comments - 7 hours ago VP Pence at March for Life: Supreme Court Nominee Will Uphold God-Given Constitutional Liberties0 comments - 12 hours ago Watch Live: March for Life Rally in Washington, DC0 comments - 19 hours ago #CalExit: State Approves ‘California Nation’ to Collect Signatures0 comments - 20 hours ago March for Life 2017: Photos from Washington, DC’s Pro-Life Rally0 comments - 14 hours ago Steve Bannon Torches New York Times: ‘You Have No Power’0 comments - 2 days ago Scarborough to Bannon: ‘Taking on the Press Like That — It Always Ends Badly’0 comments - 17 hours ago Hillary Clinton Received Over 800,000 Illegal Votes, Research Shows0 comments - 15 hours ago FROM THE HOMEPAGE President Trump Signs Executive Order Temporarily Halting All Refugees 0 Comments ‘Never Trump’ Hillary Backer Aiming to Sneak into Administration as U.S. Ambassador to India 0 Comments Trump: Islamic State Are ‘Sneaky, Dirty Rats’ 0 Comments Maher: Obama’s Dishonesty Was ‘Within the Normal Parameters’ – Trump’s Isn’t 0 Comments Trump to Speak with Putin Saturday 0 Comments Elizabeth Warren Fails to Disclose $1.3 Million Line of Credit 0 Comments NAACP Vows to Oppose Trump’s Voter Fraud Investigation 0 Comments 5 of Madonna’s Dumbest Political Statements 0 Comments Muslim Protesters Scream in Protest Over MILO, Are Ejected By Police 0 Comments Trump: Christian Refugees ‘Horribly Treated,’ ‘We Are Going to Help Them’ 0 Comments Trump Hopes to Slash EPA Staff, Carbon Footprint by 50% 0 Comments Report: NBC Cutting Third Hour of Top-Rated ‘Today’ to Make Room for Megyn Kelly 0 Comments Pence Joins Washington’s March for Life 0 Comments Trump Signs Order to Rebuild Military After Mattis Takes Oath of Office 0 Comments Acclaimed British Actor John Hurt Dies at 77 0 Comments Lindsay Lohan Meets Turkish President Erdogan, Sends Blessings of ‘Love and Light’ to Syrian Refugees 0 Comments Pentagon Confirms Knowledge of Tulsi Gabbard’s Trip to Meet Assad in Syria 0 Comments Exclusive – Sen. Lankford at March for Life: Trump Administration Represents ‘Opportunity to Press Forward on Life’ 0 Comments Trump and Peña Nieto Agree to Not Publicly Discuss Wall Payment 0 Comments Exclusive — Pro-Life NFL Star Ben Watson: Time for ‘Men to Step Up, Protect Women’ from Abortion 0 Comments Send A Tip Send A Tip Copyright © 2017 Breitbart Advertise With Us EXPLORE BREITBART Big Government Big Journalism Big Hollywood National Security Tech Video Sports The Wires London Jerusalem Texas California The Conversation Privacy Policy Terms of Use Breitbart Jobs Connect Facebook Twitter RSS Send us a tip SUBSCRIBE TO THE BREITBART NEWSLETTERSwitch to Full Site Copyright © 2017 Breitbart
Kansas Ag Network 94.5 Country FM Country Legends 106.9 Radio Works Job Link ENTER TO WIN! WIBW News Now! Kansas Source for News, Weather and Sports - Topeka, Lawrence, Manhattan, Junction City Header Weather 31°F Clear Feels Like 24° Winds West 8 mph Sat45° 32° Sun47° 28° Mon58° 31° Tue49° 27° Wed43° 24° ENTER TO WIN Home News Agriculture Sports Sports Now Scoreboard High School Sports Now High School Basketball High School Football High School Baseball & Softball Radio 580 WIBW 94.5 Country Schedule Promotions & Contests Winners Station Contest Rules Weather Interactive Weather Map Closings, Cancellations and Delays KDOT Road Conditions Weather Pics Be Prepared Community Calendar Garage Sales Greater Topeka Chamber Education Links Emergency Contacts Pets Video WIBW Video News Now! Topeka City Council Shawnee County Commission NASA TV Promotions Podcasts News at Noon Michael Newman Show Sports Talk High School Basketball High School Football Contact Us Teen Runs, Standoff Ensues in Topeka Friday Night by WIBW News Radio on January 27, 2017 at 11:33 PM (4 hours ago) A teenager caused a two and a half hour standoff in Topeka Friday night. Topeka Police officers saw 19-year-old Vincent Arreola walking near 5th and Lafayette just before 5:30. Arreola is a suspect in an attempted robbery at Dollar General on 10th Street on January 19th and an aggravated assault and theft at the SW 37th Street Walmart on January 10th. Arreola ran from officers into the residence at 429 SE Lafayette. The occupants of the house ran out as officers closed in. Arreola was coaxed out with chemical munitions and arrested just after 8:30. Topeka Fire was called to decontaminate the house and the Red Cross responded to assist the residents. Headlines Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Social Icons Zone 111 Trending Stories Topeka man arrested after crashing into building, running from police UPDATE: Shawnee County Sheriff’s deputy injured in car chase, 2 women in custody Teen Runs, Standoff Ensues in Topeka Friday Night Kansas prosecutor to seek death penalty in triple homicide Highway 75 Accident Injures Two Friday Night AUDIO: Highland Park teacher named Horizon Award winner Kansas lawmaker leaves loaded gun in Statehouse room Wichita man sentenced to 15 years for sex trafficking Pet monkey dies after getting loose on Wichita State campus Royals Announce Promotions and Special Events Zone 112 Copyright © 2017 · Dynamik Website Builder on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in Left Column Copyright © 2017 Alpha Media USA Right Column E.E.O. Public File Report WIBW Contest Rules Privacy Policy Careers Bottom Center Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_11_6) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/53.0.2785.143 Safari/537.36 Page Id: 117070 ~ User IP: pool-72-83-227-8.washdc.fios.verizon.net desktop chrome WIBW News Now! ENTER TO WIN Home News ▷ Agriculture Sports ▷ Sports Now Scoreboard High School Sports Now High School Basketball High School Football High School Baseball & Softball Radio ▷ 580 WIBW 94.5 Country Schedule Promotions & Contests Station Contest Rules Weather ▷ Interactive Weather Map Closings, Cancellations and Delays KDOT Road Conditions Weather Pics Be Prepared Community ▷ Calendar Garage Sales Greater Topeka Chamber Education Links Emergency Contacts Pets Video ▷ WIBW Video News Now! Topeka City Council Shawnee County Commission NASA TV Promotions Podcasts ▷ News at Noon Michael Newman Show Sports Talk High School Basketball High School Football Contact Us
Skip to main content Home Subscription Obits Jobs Homes Buy & Sell E-Edition Spotted Weather Circulars TV listings MENU Search form SearchSearch Login / Register Home E-Edition Obituaries News News All headlines Jail bookings Local State government Crime & Courts Good News Business Education Local Government Elections 2016 Calendar of Events Weather Featured AP FACT CHECK: New Trump salvo on voter fraud lacks evidence Anti-abortion groups hold triumphant rally after Obama years Sports Sports All headlines HawkZone CatZone PrepZone KC Chiefs Royals WashburnZone Outdoors Bowling PuckZone Rec Calendar Featured Former Highland Park All-Stater Jahmal McMurray transferring to SMU Carlton Bragg suspended indefinitely from KU basketball Lifestyle Life At Home Food & Drink Religion Arts & Entertainment Connected Celebrations Place an Announcement Northeast Kansas Weddings TV Listings Sudoku Crossword Featured Women’s conference set at LDS Church Visit Topeka takes over rights to Tap That brew festival in downtown Topeka Opinion Opinion All headlines Blogs Featured Kevin Haskin: Combination platter abundant as Shocks head into second half of Valley play Mike Hall: A few reader submissions Connect With Us Newspapers in Education Email alerts Text alerts Apps C-J staff tweets C-J Instagram C-J Pinterest C-J Facebook Photo & Video Local Video National Video C-J YouTube Slideshows Spotted Jobs Topeka Jobs Post a Job Post a resume Contact Us Homes Buy & Sell Classifieds Home Local Business Directory Garage Sales Residences for Rent Estate Tag/Flea Markets Properties Apartments, unfurnished Automobiles Items for Sale Legals C-J Deals Circulars Data Databases Home 2016 Retirement Facilities Daily Record Marriage Licenses Divorces Court Dispositions Court Filings Find Cheap Gas Special Topics Best of Topeka Downtown Topeka Retirement Twist of Fate Volunteer Topeka Top 100 Athletes Crossroads of Freedom Subscriptions Subscribe Subscriber Services Payments Delivery Problems Vacation Hold Rewards Local Store Sales Autos Help Contact Us C-J Staff Media Kit Newsletter - Select -At Home LivingCJ Media Monthly MinuteCJDealsCJOnline Breaking NewsCJOnline Evening HeadlinesCJOnline Morning HeadlinesCJOnline Sports HeadlinesContests & Special Promotionsjobs.cjonline.com Subscribe Posted January 27, 2017 07:02 pm - Updated January 27, 2017 10:14 pm By Katie Moore katie.moore@cjonline.com Hours long standoff in East Topeka ends after police deploy gas into house No one injured in incident An hours long standoff in East Topeka ended after police deployed gas into a house, causing the man inside to exit the residence. The incident began around 5:25 p.m. in the 500 block of S.E. Lafayette. Topeka police Cpt. Russ Klumpp said that officers patrolling the area saw an individual who was wanted for violent felonies walking. When they approached him, the man fled and entered a residence in the 400 block of S.E. Lafayette. Police established a perimeter and made sure no one else was in the house. They then tried to establish communication with the man, but he refused, Klumpp said. Over a loud speaker authorities asked the man to come out with his hands up, telling him they had a warrant for his arrest. They also told him to call 911 and identify himself so he could be connected to an officer on the scene. A woman on the scene said she knows the man. She said she was in the house, which belongs to her mother, when the man entered the residence. She knew that police were looking for him so she left the house with her three children. Around 8 p.m., a different officer began communicating with the man over the loudspeaker. She told the man that they didn’t want him to get hurt or to hurt himself. She also said that they knew he had a history with law enforcement and that a lot had been going on his life lately. The officer urged the man to come out of the house for the sake of his friends and family, if not for himself. Eventually police activated a tactical team who deployed “less lethal rounds” and gas, Klumpp said. The man then exited the house. The incident ended shortly after 8:30 p.m. No one was injured. The man was identified as Vincent Arreola, 19, Topeka police Lt. Aaron Jones said. Arreola was sought on warrants related to a Jan. 10 aggravated assault and theft at Walmart, 1301 S.W. 37th, and a Jan. 19 attempted robbery at Dollar General, 1920 S.W. 10th. He was to be booked into the Shawnee County Jail in connection with fleeing and eluding and failing to comply with orders to exit the house. The Topeka Fire Department was called to decontaminate the house, Jones said. The Red Cross responded to assist the family. The block was closed to traffic during the standoff. Advertisement Most Popular News Fri, 01/27/2017 - 23:18 Hayden High School community mourns death of 16-year-old student Sports Fri, 01/27/2017 - 17:37 KU police have suspect in drug paraphernalia case from McCarthy Hall rape investigation News Fri, 01/27/2017 - 16:53 Deputy treated, released after being struck by vehicle fleeing traffic stop in central Topeka; 2 arrested News Fri, 01/27/2017 - 21:20 KHP: Semi driver suffers possibly life-threatening injuries after semi rollover in North Topeka   View all Local Store Sales » Advertisement More Fri, 01/27/2017 - 22:54 Police calls - Jan. 27, 2017 update Police calls Read more Fri, 01/27/2017 - 22:50 Driver extricated from car after two-vehicle crash at U.S. 75 Highway and 66th Two people were transported to local hospitals Friday night following a two-vehicle crash in which one of the drivers had to be... Read more Fri, 01/27/2017 - 22:08 A look at Trump’s executive order on refugees, immigration Fri, 01/27/2017 - 22:14 Hours long standoff in East Topeka ends after police deploy gas into house Load more   Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice Contact Us The Topeka Capital-Journal © 2017. All Rights Reserved. X
Login Subscribe Connect Navigation Top Stories Weather × Top Stories News you need to know for Saturday, January 28 Nursing in Northeast Ohio is in critical condition Q&A: John Corlett, president and executive director, The Center for Community Solutions Health centers fear cuts amid ACA repeal Health care pricing — there is a better way Five to watch in health care Lifebanc facilitates record number of organ donations in Northeast Ohio Gander Mountain to shut Lorain County store President Donald Trump launches 'Manufacturing Jobs Initiative' Huntington Bank highlights Akron market commitments, 19% earnings hike as company nears final FirstMerit integrations Ashland University partners with Cleveland Clinic to offer new academic program Business of Beer × Weather News This Week's Issue Breaking News Health Care Manufacturing Real Estate Energy/Environment Small Business Finance/Legal People Technology Sports Business Akron News 2016 Republican National Convention Voices Crain's Voices Elizabeth McIntyre Scott Suttell Kevin Kleps Timothy Magaw Stan Bullard Rachel Abbey McCafferty Sue Walton Lee Chilcote Guest Voices Young Professionals Events Crain's Events Local Events Submit your event Webinars Awards Nominate Archer Awards CIO of the Year CFO of the Year Forty under 40 General and In-House Counsel Health Care Heroes Women of Note Twenty in their 20s Special Features All Special Features Crain's Newsmakers of the Year 2016 Business of Beer Who to watch: Education Crain's 52 Eight Over 80 Women in management 2016 Who to Watch: Law RNC in CLE Rebuilding Cleveland and Akron Cleveland's lake and river love Current Issue Current issue 2017 EDITORIAL CALENDAR Data / Lists Crain's lists Book of Lists Directory: Executive Search Directory: Health Care Directory: Marketing Services Directory: Minority-Owned Biz Directory: Women-Owned Biz ACE Report Directory: Food Industry Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries January 28, 2017 Updated Health care pricing — there is a better way By ERIC KRIEG While there is much debate and uncertainty about the future of how health care and health insurance will be structured going forward, what we do know is that the United States spends $3 trillion on health care annually, which makes up 17% of the U.S. gross domestic product (GDP). Additionally, health care cost inflation is trending at 5.8%, which is 45% more than projected GDP growth. Shockingly, this is almost 50% more than the next highest spending country and, unfortunately, overall health… Morning Roundup Business headlines from Crain's Cleveland Business and other Ohio newspapers — delivered FREE to your inbox every morning. Sign up for the Morning Newsletter. Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS News This Week's Issue Breaking News Health Care Manufacturing Real Estate Energy/Environment Small Business Finance/Legal People Technology Sports Business Akron News 2016 Republican National Convention Voices Crain's Voices Elizabeth McIntyre Scott Suttell Kevin Kleps Timothy Magaw Stan Bullard Rachel Abbey McCafferty Sue Walton Lee Chilcote Guest Voices Young Professionals Events Crain's Events Local Events Submit your event Webinars Awards Nominate Archer Awards CIO of the Year CFO of the Year Forty under 40 General and In-House Counsel Health Care Heroes Women of Note Twenty in their 20s Special Features All Special Features Crain's Newsmakers of the Year 2016 Business of Beer Who to watch: Education Crain's 52 Eight Over 80 Women in management 2016 Who to Watch: Law RNC in CLE Rebuilding Cleveland and Akron Cleveland's lake and river love Data / Lists Crain's lists Book of Lists Directory: Executive Search Directory: Health Care Directory: Marketing Services Directory: Minority-Owned Biz Directory: Women-Owned Biz ACE Report Directory: Food Industry Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries Crain Content Studio Crain Content Studio — Cleveland Cleveland's Pulse Giving Guide HR: Resources, Growth and Performance Connect Contact us Customer service Subscription services Advertise Reprints Classifieds Email newsletters Send letters to the editor Crain's Cleveland Business Staff People on the Move This Week's Issue January 22, 2017 Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications, Inc.
Forecast On-Air Links News Tip Categories Temperature Precipitation NEWS All Stories Anchorage Southcentral Alaska News Statewide Alaska Statewide News Marijuana News Alaska Marijuana News Arctic Arctic News Aviation Aviation News Crime Alaska Crime News Energy Energy News WEATHER Weather Maps Weather News Weather-related News Stories Weather Links Additional Weather Resources DAYBREAK All Stories Teacher of the Week View past winners Nominate a Teacher Workforce Wednesday Mic Check in the Morning See Past Musical Guests Travel Tuesday Adopt-a-Pet Medical Breakthroughs FRONTIERS Full Episodes Full episodes of past Frontiers shows Web Extras Photos About ON-AIR All Stories LIVESTREAM Watch live and past KTVA newscasts On-Air Schedule See what’s coming up on KTVA Reality Check w/ John Tracy Thursdays @ 6pm / 10pm Problem Solvers Teacher of the Week Nominate your favorite teacher The Hungry Chum Exploring Alaska one meal at a time Living Alaska Experience the Last Frontier through the outdoors SPORTS All Stories Local High School, college & Alaska Aces news National Sports headlines from around the country University of Alaska Iditarod Stories from the Last Great Race Mt. Marathon Race Live coverage on July 4th POLITICS Anchorage/MatSu Politics Anchorage / Mat-Su Political Stories Alaska Politics Juneau / Statewide Political Stories U.S. Politics National Political Stories ABOUT Contact Us Contact information for KTVA Meet The Team The people behind the broadcast Station Profile Privacy Policy and License info Advertise on KTVA Employment Job openings at KTVA CONTESTS KTVA Contests & Promotions NEWS All Stories Anchorage Statewide Marijuana News Arctic Aviation Crime Energy WEATHER Weather Maps Weather News Weather Links DAYBREAK All Stories Teacher of the Week Nominate a Teacher Workforce Wednesday Mic Check in the Morning Travel Tuesday Adopt-a-Pet Medical Breakthroughs FRONTIERS Full Episodes Web Extras Photos About ON-AIR All Stories LIVESTREAM On-Air Schedule Reality Check w/ John Tracy Problem Solvers Teacher of the Week The Hungry Chum Living Alaska SPORTS All Stories Local National University of Alaska Iditarod Mt. Marathon Race POLITICS Anchorage/MatSu Politics Alaska Politics U.S. Politics ABOUT Contact Us Meet The Team Station Profile Advertise on KTVA Employment CONTESTS Top 5 Stories Crime | Jan 27, 8:05 Armed robbery suspects targeting lone Anchorage women Armed robbery suspects targeting lone Anchorage women Adopt-a-Pet | Jan 27, 12:00 Daybreak Adopt-A-Pet: Jan. 27, 2017 Daybreak Adopt-A-Pet: Jan. 27, 2017 Crime | Jan 27, 19:20 1 charged with murder for Muldoon shooting death 1 charged with murder for Muldoon shooting death U.S. Politics | Jan 26, 13:41 Palin's political action committee seeks to terminate Palin's political action committee seeks to terminate Alaska News | Jan 27, 8:11 Alaska Native corporation sues over whistleblower case costs Alaska Native corporation sues over whistleblower case costs Estimated read time 2m 14s Midtown businesses report spike in burglaries, shoplifting By Heather Hintze 7:39 PM January 27, 2017 ANCHORAGE – A midtown Anchorage business owner said crime in his neighborhood is on the rise. Richard Hale has owned Hale’s Technical Service at 3207 Denali Street for 19 years. Hale said he’s seen an increase in crime — especially in the past month. His security cameras have captured video of at least three break-ins. “They’ve cut the barbed wire and come over the fence,” Hale explained. He said the thieves will check the locks on parked cars, looking for anything to steal. Neighboring businesses have been hit too, but owners declined to go on camera. “From my understanding, they stole computers, company checks,” Hale said about one incident. He said each burglary not only costs him money to replace the stolen items but also time searching through surveillance footage to give to police. “You feel violated, you truly do. What can be done? What do you do?” Hale asked. Across the street at Tiny Ptarmigan, owner Lauren Blanchett said the theft problem was “apparent almost immediately” when she opened the store in 2014. Blanchett also owns Portfolio and Classic Woman. She said over the past year she’s seen an uptick in low-level shoplifting. She’s installed a security system at Tiny Ptarmigan to combat the problem. “It’s stressful and we’re all on edge,” Blanchett said. Anchorage police said Midtown has the highest number of calls of any place in the city, specifically the area around the A Street Wal-Mart. Officer Natasha Welch, with APD’s Community Action Policing Team, said officers get more than 1,000 calls to respond to that part of town—which can be anything from a suspicious or drunk person at a bus stop to shoplifters inside a store. Another midtown grocery store owner declined to go on camera and didn’t want his store identified, but said not only has the number of shoplifters gone up, but the amount they’re stealing has increased by hundreds of dollars. Hale said he thinks thousands of dollars in equipment and checks have been taken from his neighbors. He’s upgrading his security equipment, but said that doesn’t mean much if police can’t arrest the criminals. “They don’t want to see these shop owners taking their law into their own hands but nothing is happening,” Hale said. “But I don’t want to do that. All I want to do is come to work, go home, raise my son. That’s all I want to do.” KTVA 11’s Heather Hintze can be reached via email or on Facebook and Twitter. Latest Stories China marks Lunar New Year with prayers, incense, fireworks by Associated Press on Jan 27, 20:20 BEIJING (AP) – Chinese are heading to temples and fairs to wish for an auspicious start to the Lunar New Year. Thousands gathered at Beijing’s major temples on Saturday, the first day of the Year of the Rooster. Wearing heavy winter coats, they lit incense sticks and bowed as they prayed for good fortune and […] News Alaska Airlines pilot donates kidney to co-worker by Lauren Maxwell on Jan 27, 20:11 How far would you go to help a friend? Two Alaska Airlines co-workers will be putting that question to the test when one donates a kidney to the other in March. Jenny Stansel is a flight attendant for Alaska Airlines. The lifelong Alaskan suffers from chronic kidney disease. Stansel said she managed the disease for years, […] Midtown businesses report spike in burglaries, shoplifting by Heather Hintze on Jan 27, 19:39 A midtown Anchorage business owner said crime in his neighborhood is on the rise. Richard Hale has owned Hale’s Technical Service at 3207 Denali Street for 19 years. Hale said he’s seen an increase in crime — especially in the past month. His security cameras have captured video of at least three break-ins. “They’ve cut […] 1 charged with murder for Muldoon shooting death by KTVA CBS 11 News on Jan 27, 19:20 A suspect in a Muldoon shooting that left one man dead and another injured turned himself in to Anchorage police Friday, Anchorage District Attorney Clint Campion confirmed. The Anchorage Correctional Complex said 23-year-old Christopher Birotte was booked around 4 p.m. Friday. He is charged with second-degree murder and second-degree assault. Police said 19-year-old Tiwan Johnson […] News GCI co-founder, Bob Walp, dies at 89 by Gina Romero on Jan 27, 18:55 Bob Walp, co-founder for General Communications Inc. (GCI) and the company’s first president, has died, the company said. He was 89. Walp, along with company president and CEO Ron Duncan, founded GCI in 1979. They operated the company from Walp’s small apartment in Anchorage. GCI has grown over the years and is now a $2 […] Lifestyle ‘Hamilton’ cast to sing at Super Bowl 51 by Associated Press on Jan 27, 15:44 NEW YORK (AP) – Original cast members of the Tony Award-winning Broadway hit “Hamilton: An American Musical,” will sing “America the Beautiful” during pregame festivities at Super Bowl 51, the NFL and Fox announced Friday. The performance by Renee Elise Goldsberry, Jasmine Cephas Jones and Phillipa Soo, who starred as the Schuyler Sisters, will be […] DayBreak Mic Check in the Morning: HarpDaddy & The Puddle Jumpers by Daybreak Staff on Jan 27, 13:30 Mixing blues with a healthy dose of rock and roll, HarpDaddy & The Puddle Jumpers are set to bring their down-home sound to Anchorage. According to their website, HarpDaddy is heavily influenced by Muddy Waters and has a huge stage presence. The band also brings in gospel roots for a unique view of the blues. The young artists, […] BBB expert shares top tax scams and how to protect your refund by Daybreak Staff on Jan 27, 13:21 Like it or not, tax season is here and with it come tax scams. According to the Better Business Bureau, 2016 had the most reported fraud scams. The organization has a list tax scams and tips on how to avoid them. One of the most popular scams is the impostor scam, which occurs when a […]
OBITUARIES VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos Homes For Sale For Rent Jobs CELEBRATIONS VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Place An Ad Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Classifieds VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos For Sale For Rent Jobs VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Subscribe Manage Subscriptions Home News B.C. National World Opinion Blogs Letters Business Sports Entertainment Go! Life Islander Horoscope | Crossword Travel Homes Driving Magazines Flyers E-edition WEB EDITION SIGN-IN LATEST NEWS: Officer assaulted at Duncan Motel fire site Dockside Green’s new look given Victoria council OK HMV shuttering all 102 of its stores Mother makes plea for information on son missing for 23 days Shawnigan Lake quarry’s contaminated soil permit suspended by province Langford man sentenced to 3 years in prison for office sex assaults Vancouver online shoe-seller declares bankruptcy Scott Neufeld / Vancouver Sun January 27, 2017 07:38 PM  Times Colonist  Shoes.com storefront in Vancouver at 779 Burrard St.   Photograph By Gerry Kahrmann, PNG Previous Next Shoes.com storefront in Vancouver at 779 Burrard St. One-time Vancouver e-commerce star, Shoes.com, announced Friday it is ceasing operations and some or all of its companies will declare bankruptcy. The online shoe retailer announced in a news release that it is shuttering its three e-commerce channels: shoes.com, shoeme.ca and onlineshoes.com, along with its two brick-and-mortar locations in Vancouver and Toronto. Employees were notified Friday morning, and have been paid through the end of the month, according to the release. As the company winds down operations and determines a process to liquidate assets, a few employees will stay on.  It is an abrupt end for the private company that as recently as a few weeks ago was considered a potential candidate to be listed on the stock market through an initial public offering.  However, the Vancouver Sun reported last September that the once high-flying company had fallen on hard times. The retailer had been roiled by customer complaints, allegations of unpaid bills and big reductions in staffing.  Dozens of employees were laid off last summer without notice in Vancouver, Burnaby and Seattle, whittling the company down to about 230 people, from the nearly 650 reported a year earlier in The Sun. Two legal claims were filed this summer against the company, including a B.C. government suit filed in July, claiming $119,274 in unpaid provincial sales taxes. Swim Recruiting followed up in August with a lawsuit over $58,677.95 allegedly owed for the services of a contractor. Swim Recruiting was eventually paid. Two more lawsuits were filed in January, including one launched this week by Richmond-based supplier Colton International which was seeking more than $126,000 in unpaid bills. Vancouver software outsourcing company Optimus Information  has also filed suit for $131,190 plus interest for unpaid invoices. When Bradley Wilson was hired as president last September, he acknowledged that the customer experience, with long hold times and unanswered e-mails, was an issue for Shoes.com. He was hopeful of turning things around. “Yes, I’m of aware of that. Yes, we’re addressing it,” Wilson says. “The one way to safely guarantee that you can be a popular brand, a meaningful brand, one with very healthy business margins, is to just serve the customer correctly.” Vancouver retail analyst David Ian Gray told The Sun last year that selling shoes and clothes successfully online requires a deep knowledge of fit and style. “At the end of the day, they’re in the fashion business,” Gray says. “But if you look at who’s really running these companies, they tend to be technology-first types.” In addition to its internal struggles, Shoes.com was facing more headwinds as retail giant Walmart bulked up its e-commerce muscle with the acquisition of online competitor Shoebuy.com earlier this month. From humble origins in a Dunbar basement in 2012, the company expanded rapidly after co-founder Roger Hardy sold his Clearly Contacts business and turned more of his attention to Shoeme. Hardy could not be reached to comment for this story. The retailer went through a massive expansion in the next four years, acquiring U.S. e-commerce sites Shoes.com and OnlineShoes.com as well as the lifestyle brand Richer Poorer. Its online sales totalled $223 million US in 2015, according to Internet Retailer, up from $89.2 million in 2014. A year ago, it was on the hunt for $25 million to $50 million in capital to buy even more companies. Former Expedia general manager and Shoes.com president Wilson also said that the company’s rise was exceptionally fast. “The stuff that they undertook were really, really ambitious,” he said. “Big companies, such as Expedia, took on a level of commitment near that, but there’s thousands and thousands of employees. “You can always second-guess. If you’ve got the opportunity to grab at the assets and you’ve got a vision on where you’re taking it, then it’s probably something I would do as well.”  with file from Bethany Lindsay © Copyright Times Colonist Email to a Friend Your Email Address: * Your Name: * To Email Address: * Message: * * Please separate multiple email addresses with the semi-colon character. Close ‹ previous Island First Nation bans mining and clearcutting next Greater Victoria housing market overvalued, CMHC says › next previous Capital Fall 2016 How Victoria Works Don’t Miss ›› daily ›› Your daily horoscope ›› Today’s obituaries ›› Daily crossword online ›› E-edition of today’s newspaper ›› Sign up for the free newsletter GET THE TIMES COLONIST DAILY NEWSLETTER Get the day's top Times Colonist headlines emailed to you every day at 9 a.m. Markets Community Event Calendar Find out what's happening in your community and submit your own local events. Add an event See all community events Most Popular Top News Top Business Top Sports Langford man sentenced to 3 years in prison for office sex assaults No winning ticket for Friday night's $55 million Lotto Max jackpot 9-year-old who died in crash ‘wasn’t scared of doing things’ Tire slasher severs his own leg artery in parking lot Vancouver online shoe-seller declares bankruptcy A peek inside the world where Kelly Ellard lives with her baby Cyclist’s complaint against Saanich police officer upheld Officer assaulted at Duncan Motel fire site Dockside Green’s new look given Victoria council OK Shawnigan Lake quarry’s contaminated soil permit suspended by province Vancouver online shoe-seller declares bankruptcy Film industry in Greater Victoria on hunt for workers Greater Victoria housing market overvalued, CMHC says No winning ticket for Friday night's $55 million Lotto Max jackpot B.C. judge sentences two men who attacked RCMP officer to house arrest After 35 years downtown, auf wiedersehen, Rathskeller Victoria's renovated Capitol 6 reopens Nov. 4 as luxury multiplex Canada's Parrot and McMorris on snowboard big air podium at X Games Island First Nation bans mining and clearcutting After basketball stint together, sisters look to reunite on rugby sevens team Grizzlies maul defending-champion Warriors Victoria Royals start triple-header on winning note No winning ticket for Friday night's $55 million Lotto Max jackpot Ontario women punch ticket to final at Canadian junior curling championships 'Brand Trudeau' mulled to help pitch world on Canadian return to peackeeping Ontario, Northern Ontario renew rivalry in men’s semis at Canadian junior curling championships Rose takes the lead at Farmers Insurance Open; Canada's Hadwin tied for second B.C. judge sentences two men who attacked RCMP officer to house arrest Hip-hop star Drake says he's hosting NBA Awards, wants to return to acting Defending champion Warriors pose plenty of problems for Grizzlies GET A JOB DELIVERING TC FLYERS The Times Colonist is looking for people to deliver flyers every Thursday ... Your timescolonist.com More News News And Tools Life News Obituaries Newspaper Ads Job Listings Car Listings Properties For Sale Place An Ad Infomart Other myLOCALFLYERS.ca About Us Subscribe Victoria Early Years Contact Us Advertise With Us Terms and Conditions Sponsorship Information Connect Back to top Glacier Community Media © Copyright 2013-2017 TC Publication Limited Partnership. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sponsored content is content which is paid for and has been written by or on behalf of an advertiser. For more information on sponsored content, contact us at tshoults@glaciermedia.ca.
Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Local News Communities Cruisin The Coast Latest News Business Casinos Crime DHS Military Politics Crawdaddy Weather State Nation & World By the Way Hurricane Katrina Sports Sports High School Outdoors New Orleans Saints Biloxi Shuckers Southern Miss Mississippi State Ole Miss New Orleans Pelicans Auto Racing Blogs & Columnists Keeping Score Patrick Magee Patrick Ochs Rick Cleveland Brian Allee-Walsh Politics Politics Elections 2016 Living Living Religion Food & Drink @Home Health & Fitness Engagement/Wedding Ads Marquee Calendar Comics Puzzles & Games Ask the Expert TV Guide Blogs & Columnists Desk Life Lannie & Granny Entertainment Entertainment Mardi Gras Mardi Gras Maps Arts and Culture Celebrities Comics Dining Horoscopes Framed Photos Movie News & Reviews Blogs & Columnists Throwing Shade C'est La Vie Opinion Opinion Editorials More Opinions Letters Sound Off Cartoons Blogs & Columnists Paul Hampton Charlie Mitchell Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Place An Ad About Us Crime January 27, 2017 3:13 PM Update: Woman, 80, was home when intruders entered, police say Long Beach police are asking for help to identify these people who are persons of interest in a home burglary. Long Beach Police Department Long Beach police are asking for help to identify this man, who is a person of interest in a home burglary. Long Beach Police Department Long Beach police are looking for two people who they say used this SUV during a home burglary. Long Beach Police Department 1 of 3 i By Robin Fitzgerald rfitzgerald@sunherald.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Long Beach Police have reported the burglary of a woman’s home and are seeking help to identify a couple in connection with it. The woman is 80 years old, police Detective Brad Gross said. Police Chief Wayne McDowell reported the crime Thursday and released surveillance pictures of a couple and an SUV they were driving. McDowell said the house was burglarized about Jan. 18, when intruders entered through a window. “The individuals pictured were in possession of some of her property and need to be identified,” Gross said. Police began investigating the crime as a burglary of an occupied dwelling. Officials said their investigation led to surveillance pictures showing the couple and the vehicle. Pictures provided to the media show an SUV, a man in a football jersey with No. 83 on the front and a woman wearing a long-sleeved shirt. It appears from the pictures that the man and woman were photographed coming out of a Wal-Mart. The SUV was later recovered in Gulfport. The location of the burglary is not being released at this time. Gross said it’s unclear if the couple photographed were involved in the burglary but they are persons of interest because they had the woman’s property. To give a tip, call the Long Beach Police Department at 228-865-1981 or Crime Stoppers at 1-877-787-5898. You can also give a tip online at mscoastcrimestoppers.com. Robin Fitzgerald: 228-896-2307, @robincrimenews Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Crime Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:05 Does pro-life mean pro-Trump? Pause 1:39 Bay High-Biloxi should be a battle at Hoopsfest 3:41 His hospital staff rushed to fulfill his final wish: to marry his fiancé 3:30 Justin Evans determined to improve draft stock 2:23 Video: 2015 Slam-Dunk contest at HoopsFest Biloxi -- from four angles 1:35 OS mayor: "We're not seeing good faith" from proponents of B&B zoning change 0:22 Bay High brothers dunk over Pascagoula 1:32 Sign spinner attracts attention in Pascagoula 2:17 We tried Wal-Mart's new grocery pickup; see how it went 2:21 Southern Miss introduces new AD Jon Gilbert Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 days ago Reaction to death sentence in Ja'Naya Thompson murder 1:49 2 days ago Reaction to death sentence in Ja'Naya Thompson murder 1:08 4 days ago Sentencing trial begins for Alberto Garcia 0:15 10 days ago DA speaks to media about guilty verdict in Ja'Naya Thompson killing View more video Crime Police seek help to find missing man Man broke into towing business to get his keys, Gulfport police say Tax preparer found guilty of fraud in clients’ tax returns Harrison County Sheriff’s Office looking for woman in check fraud case Couple on crime spree arrested in Jackson County, sheriff says Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Quick Finder Place a Classified Place an Obituary Local Deals Shopping Today's Circulars Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Quick Finder Place a Classified Place an Obituary Local Deals Shopping Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Breaking News Trump bars door to refugees, visitors from seven nations Prosecutors will not pursue Bridgegate charges against New Jersey governor Trump has 'friendly' call with Mexican leader but he demands change Trump says he is only in early stages of considering lifting Russia sanctions Pence fires up anti-abortion activists in Washington march Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico New U.S. U.N. envoy warns allies: back us or we'll take names U.S. judge blocks Texas regulations for fetal tissue remains No time to create walls between nations: Iran's Rouhani Buffett, Gates have hope for America after Trump ascension Sat 28 Jan 2017 - 29 Rabi II 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local International Analysis Business Sports Features Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Entertainment Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor Books Lifestyle People Spotlight WILDLIFE Auto Videos Observer Archive 2016 2015 Home → International → Nine dead as fires devastate Chile Nine dead as fires devastate Chile Friday 27th, January 2017 / 21:27 Written by Oman Observer in International, Main SANTIAGO DE CHILE: The death toll from dozens of forest fires that have devastated large areas in central and southern Chile has risen to nine, authorities said on Thursday, as thousands of firefighters struggled to control the blazes. Emergency workers in the south-central Maule region on Thursday recovered the bodies of two police officers killed fighting the fires, national forestry agency CONAF said, the latest victims of the worst wildfires in Chile’s history. Seven other people have died including four firefighters. President Michelle Bachelet said early on Thursday 99 fires in five regions were burning, with 64 not yet controlled. The burn area grew dramatically overnight from 1,900 square kilometres to 2,400 square kilometres. In Santa Olga, a town of 5,000 in Maule, 1,000 homes were destroyed, Mayor Carlos Valenzuela told local media. The town of Hualane, 70 kilometres to the north, was also under threat. More than 4,000 firefighters were working to douse the flames, Bachelet said, including firefighters and experts from Brazil, Colombia, Mexico and Spain. Through a charitable foundation, the Chilean-born wife of an heir to the US supermarket chain Wal-mart has hired the world’s largest firefighting plane, a “supertanker” with a capacity of 72 tonnes of water, which was being used near Hualane. Russia will also send a firefighting Ilyushin II-76 tanker and helicopters. Fires over a wide area of the country began amid hot, dry weather weeks ago. At least some of the fires may have been deliberately set, CONAF told local media, and after a meeting with intelligence chiefs on Thursday Bachelet said they were investigating possible causes. More than 2,700 square kilometres have already burned, according to CONAF. — dpa About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← We deserved to win the match, says Oman coach W Africa to scale back military in Gambia: Chief → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent Identity faces challenges Impact from influx of foreign workers World edges closer to doomsday A rendezvous of families Aleppo traders clear debris from war-scarred souq Read More ... Facebook Twitter 3 hours agoThe only newspaper from Oman with weekend editions. View our digital edition at /t.co/CM8pHkPGC8 /t.co/3YHHGr8rJS yesterdayWelcome to Oman Observer family and view our digital edition at /t.co/mKn0iXM8Rt /t.co/tHMEcmI0Mr yesterdayRT @Oman_biz: #Khazaen seeks partner for #Oman’s first logistics hub /t.co/PgZdKV11vr @oglgroup @motc_om /t.co/8xHpLkEi7p Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
Sponsored StoryPlus Sponsored Features Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers Jobs Jobs Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Deaths iNotices.ie Deaths Fitlive.ie Events Training Hotels Archive Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals NI travel Video Podcasts Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Contact Email User News David McWilliams Saturday 28 January 2017 Would the real Donald Trump please stand up? David McWilliams Twitter Published 28/01/2017 | 02:30 0 Comments Share Would the real Donald Trump please stand up? Independent.ie There have been so many Trumps on display in the past few days that it's anyone's guess who will actually turn up for the first 100 days. The first few days have been extraordinary and kind of scary in terms of the president's grasp on economic reality. http://www.independent.ie/opinion/columnists/david-mcwilliams/would-the-real-donald-trump-please-stand-up-35404769.html http://www.independent.ie/world-news/article35404767.ece/735a2/AUTOCROP/h342/2017-01-28_wor_28187343_I1.JPG Email Donald Trump is sworn in as the 45th president of the United States as Melania Trump looks on Picture: AP There have been so many Trumps on display in the past few days that it's anyone's guess who will actually turn up for the first 100 days. The first few days have been extraordinary and kind of scary in terms of the president's grasp on economic reality. Share Would the real Donald Trump please stand up? Independent.ie There have been so many Trumps on display in the past few days that it's anyone's guess who will actually turn up for the first 100 days. The first few days have been extraordinary and kind of scary in terms of the president's grasp on economic reality. http://www.independent.ie/opinion/columnists/david-mcwilliams/would-the-real-donald-trump-please-stand-up-35404769.html http://www.independent.ie/world-news/article35404767.ece/735a2/AUTOCROP/h342/2017-01-28_wor_28187343_I1.JPG Email Go To Comments For example, he said he would slap a 20pc tariff on Mexican goods to make "Mexico pay for the wall". But what he doesn't understand is that when you impose tariffs, it is the poor white Americans who buy dishwashers made in Mexico at Walmart that actually pay the tariff. This is how tariffs work. The consumer pays. So it's poor white Americans - the very people who voted for Donald - who will pay for the wall. But economic logic apart, what is even more fascinating is the various Donalds on display so far. Economics is only the half of it. Who do you think will be the dominant Donald? Please sign in or register with Independent.ie for free access to Opinions. Sign In New to Independent.ie? Sign up Related Content 'I'm a people person - I think you are too, Theresa' 'A leader immersed in needless rows will be distracted from the business of government' Trump could learn a lot about political survival from wily old Kenny KGB chief linked to Trump file found dead Your Comments Comments that are judged to be defamatory, abusive or in bad taste are not acceptable and contributors who consistently fall below certain criteria will be permanently blacklisted. Comments must be concise and to the point. The moderator will not enter into debate with individual contributors and the moderator’s decision is final. The comment facility is removed after 48 hours. Powered by Livefyre Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Livefyre. Read More David McWilliams: Why Trump and Brexit won't spoil 2017 for Ireland  David McWilliams Most forecasters are arguing that the Irish economy will slow down in 2017 - but there are valid reasons for believing that the economy will accelerate from here. George Michael: an original in an industry that is gradually fading  David McWilliams More than 30 years on, I still break out in a cold sweat at the opening bars of 'Careless Whisper'. I am back in the teenage disco. Once the saxophone ushered in the full, rounded tones of George Michael,... David McWilliams: Let's make Europe work for us - by being as American as possible  David McWilliams The latest Apple tax revelations mean that Ireland is now on a collision course with the EU Commission and by extension with the EU itself. In a narrow sense - and this might be the only sense that matters - this... Recommended Videos from Most Viewed Most Shared Most Commented Would the real Donald Trump please stand up?  David McWilliams KGB chief linked to Trump file found dead amid Kremlin cover up claims  Europe NASA 'cuts live feed from international space station' after mysterious object...  Video KGB chief linked to Trump file found dead amid Kremlin cover up claims  Europe Kinahans offer €1m bounty for Gerry Hutch - but only if they can get him alive  Crime 'I’m angry, my country has let me down' - Mother forced to live in shed in wait for...  Irish News 'I’m angry, my country has let me down' - Mother forced to live in shed in wait for lifesaving drug for daughter 'Trump will get rid of you', man rages in 'attack' on Muslim worker at JFK Kenny in firing line over 'nonsensical and concerning' Sinn Féin comments 'Haven't you heard... opposites attract' - Theresa May speaks before face-to-face talks with Donald Trump Don't Miss 'Irving was waving dollar bills, asking if anyone could prove the Holocaust' If George Orwell were alive to present awards... Movie News Prospect of 'hard Brexit' gives property market reasons to be fearful The more I think about the prospect... Commercial Property Parents of man (21) stabbed to death at house party demand - 'Give us our day in court' The parents of... Irish News Niall O'Connor: The Great Survivor's farewell could be nearing - but Enda's not ready General election... Analysis Instead of a call for unity, new president told Americans their country was broken Donald... US Election 2016 No country for old men or women - elderly care has all the makings of a crisis We are in the midst of an elderly care crisis. Opinion How to travel the world for free - 'there is literally something for everyone' Broke with the January blues and craving... Travel Talk Time to heed RSA's high-vis message as pedestrian death toll on our roads rises It's a frightening... Comment Editor's Choice By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals NI travel Video Podcasts Search Go
Home Categories Domain Sales Domain Services Domain Registrars Domain Parking Expired Domains We Get It Policy & Law Uncategorized Podcasts About Advertise Disclosures Facebook Google+ RSS Twitter YouTube Domain Name Wire | Domain Name News & Views Domain Name Industry News and Views Featured Domains When the domain you need is taken... Shoes.com shuts down by Andrew Allemann — January 27, 2017 Uncategorized 6 Comments Canadian shoe seller shutters online stores including Shoes.com. It takes more than a good domain name. Shoes.com, part of a company that also operates OnlineShoes.com and ShoeME.ca, has gone out of business. All three sites shut down today. The Canadian firm acquired Shoes.com from Brown Shoe Co in 2014. It was more than just a domain name; it was an operating business. A Business Vancouver article speculates that the company was facing pressure from Amazon and Walmart. Walmart bought ShoeBuy.com earlier this year. The closure and likely liquidation means that the Shoes.com domain name might be available for purchase soon. Tweet Email Learn more... Donuts’ new TLD renewal rates range from 55% to 72% 6 domain name stocks are up at least 10% this year Famous Four Speaks: cheap domains, brand protection and more 6 Comments Tags: shoes.com, topstory Comments Robert Monster says January 27, 2017 at 9:42 pm Welcome to the “Winner take all” society. Two thoughts: 1. Defendable niches are getting harder to find and sustain. If you find one, it pays to not to talk too much about it, while keeping low overhead. 2. Exact match domains are not what they once were. A memorable brand name is not a free pass for customer service or supply chain. That said, if anyone knows more about this story, hopefully they will share it on this thread, as sometimes it is just personal circumstance, and not dire. Reply Joseph Peterson says January 27, 2017 at 10:11 pm “Exact match domains are not what they once were” That may be true. However, I don’t think we can draw any conclusions at all from the failure of a business built on a premium domain. If I crash a Porsche, that doesn’t prove the Porsche was a bad car. Trust me: I can crash anything. Reply Rubens Kuhl says January 28, 2017 at 1:15 am Your car rental insurance just skyrocketed… 😉 Reply Joseph Peterson says January 28, 2017 at 2:46 am Uh oh Reply 168 says January 27, 2017 at 9:51 pm I’m guessing this is a no brainer. Get Jeff or Nick on the phone 🙂 Also makes me wonder how many other great shorts might be affected by large platforms, but don’t leave out Zappos. They were probably the biggest mountain to climb. Cheers Reply todd says January 27, 2017 at 11:08 pm These type of names used to be category killers, but not anymore. People want to deal with real brands now and a generic domain comes across as just another store. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Archives Archives Select Month January 2017  (52) December 2016  (54) November 2016  (58) October 2016  (57) September 2016  (65) August 2016  (67) July 2016  (56) June 2016  (66) May 2016  (74) April 2016  (74) March 2016  (78) February 2016  (78) January 2016  (63) December 2015  (72) November 2015  (71) October 2015  (81) September 2015  (80) August 2015  (72) July 2015  (70) June 2015  (79) May 2015  (69) April 2015  (76) March 2015  (75) February 2015  (73) January 2015  (65) December 2014  (68) November 2014  (72) October 2014  (82) September 2014  (78) August 2014  (72) July 2014  (80) June 2014  (83) May 2014  (73) April 2014  (78) March 2014  (85) February 2014  (92) January 2014  (96) December 2013  (71) November 2013  (77) October 2013  (96) September 2013  (81) August 2013  (104) July 2013  (101) June 2013  (82) May 2013  (92) April 2013  (92) March 2013  (74) February 2013  (74) January 2013  (73) December 2012  (56) November 2012  (69) October 2012  (75) September 2012  (65) August 2012  (68) July 2012  (73) June 2012  (105) May 2012  (102) April 2012  (83) March 2012  (83) February 2012  (79) January 2012  (111) December 2011  (80) November 2011  (84) October 2011  (82) September 2011  (92) August 2011  (91) July 2011  (91) June 2011  (110) May 2011  (94) April 2011  (80) March 2011  (94) February 2011  (93) January 2011  (80) December 2010  (87) November 2010  (74) October 2010  (70) September 2010  (107) August 2010  (97) July 2010  (83) June 2010  (101) May 2010  (100) April 2010  (109) March 2010  (111) February 2010  (110) January 2010  (99) December 2009  (75) November 2009  (94) October 2009  (102) September 2009  (85) August 2009  (94) July 2009  (88) June 2009  (92) May 2009  (92) April 2009  (100) March 2009  (114) February 2009  (90) January 2009  (78) December 2008  (58) November 2008  (73) October 2008  (77) September 2008  (76) August 2008  (58) July 2008  (66) June 2008  (53) May 2008  (48) April 2008  (39) March 2008  (43) February 2008  (37) January 2008  (34) December 2007  (24) November 2007  (31) October 2007  (32) September 2007  (25) August 2007  (29) July 2007  (28) June 2007  (28) May 2007  (32) April 2007  (25) March 2007  (25) February 2007  (26) January 2007  (37) December 2006  (38) November 2006  (34) October 2006  (38) September 2006  (26) August 2006  (29) July 2006  (27) June 2006  (28) May 2006  (36) April 2006  (35) March 2006  (39) February 2006  (36) January 2006  (40) December 2005  (53) November 2005  (46) October 2005  (53) September 2005  (36) August 2005  (29) July 2005  (22) June 2005  (28) May 2005  (30) April 2005  (41) March 2005  (47) Top Stories 01. Shoes.com shuts down POSTED UNDER Uncategorized 02. Tucows expects $20 million EBITDA/year from “opportunistic” eNom acquisition POSTED UNDER Domain Registrars 03. Tucows acquires eNom from Rightside POSTED UNDER Domain Registrars Privacy Policy Disclosures Advertising © 2005–2017 Domain Name Wire • DNW and Domain Name Wire are trademarks of Brainstorm Labs, LLC Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
RedEye Get can't-miss events, buzz on top bars & the hottest restaurants delivered to your inbox Business On Corona and avocados: Trump's 20 percent border tax concerns Chicago businesses Trump border tax impact Ronaldo Schmidt / AFP/Getty Images A 20 percent border tax on Mexican imports floated by White House officials would include avocados, one of the country's popular exports. A 20 percent border tax on Mexican imports floated by White House officials would include avocados, one of the country's popular exports. (Ronaldo Schmidt / AFP/Getty Images) Greg Trotter, Robert Channick and Lauren ZumbachContact ReportersChicago Tribune Let's get this out the way right now: Yes, your avocados would cost more if a proposed 20 percent border tax on Mexican imports were to become reality. That being said, the import tax floated by the White House on Thursday as a possible way to fund President Donald Trump's proposed wall along the Mexican border likely would face tremendous opposition in Congress, judging from the swift backlash from lawmakers on both sides of the aisle. "Simply put, any proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila, or margaritas is a big-time bad idea. Mucho Sad," Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-South Carolina, tweeted Thursday. Here's why this trade debate should matter to you. Mexico's link to the U.S. and Illinois Mexico is one of the largest trading partners with the U.S., and in 2015, the U.S. imported $295 billion in goods from Mexico, with vehicles and electric machinery topping the list, according to the United States Trade Representative. Mexico is also the second-largest supplier of agricultural imports to the U.S. — everything from fresh vegetables and fruit to wine and beer. In Illinois, imports from Mexico totaled more than $13 billion in 2015, more than double the amount in 2009, according the Illinois Department of Commerce & Economic Opportunity. Mexico is Illinois' third-largest import market. Border adjustment v. border tax After widespread criticism of the tariff, White House spokesman Sean Spicer later said it was just one option to finance a wall. Some have speculated that Spicer's initial comments were obliquely referring to the "border adjustments" that are part of House Republicans' tax reform plan, which would tax all imported goods and services into the U.S. That proposal would also lower the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent. But there are major differences between the two concepts. Americans would need to buy 25 billion avocados for Mexico to pay for the wall Philip Bump President Donald Trump's press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters on Thursday that the administration had an idea that would force Mexico to pay for the construction of a wall on the border between our two countries. The strategy? The White House could advocate for a 20 percent tax on Mexican... President Donald Trump's press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters on Thursday that the administration had an idea that would force Mexico to pay for the construction of a wall on the border between our two countries. The strategy? The White House could advocate for a 20 percent tax on Mexican... (Philip Bump) "(The House Republican) plan would exempt all U.S. exports from U.S. tax, but prohibit U.S. firms from deducting the cost of products they import from other countries, an idea called border adjustability," Howard Gleckman, senior fellow at the Tax Policy Center, a joint venture of the Urban Institute and the Brookings Institution, wrote in a blog post Thursday. In contrast, Trump's border tariff could "apply to a single product, a specific company, or all goods and services from a country," Gleckman said. A 20 percent tariff on Mexico alone would violate commitments in the World Trade Organization, said James Sawyer, head of the customs and international trade practice at Drinker Biddle law firm. "Unless (Trump) is alleging that Mexico has unfair trade practices, you can't just raise tariffs on one country," he said. The president doesn't have the authority to impose a 20 percent tax unilaterally, just on one country, said Douglas Irwin, a Dartmouth College economics professor and an expert in international trade policy. But he could impose an import tax of up to 15 percent for 150 days, after which it would need congressional approval. Higher prices Any tax on imports coming into the U.S. likely would mean higher prices on what people eat and drink, what they wear and even where they live. "Retailers are loath to increase prices because it's the primary way they compete," said Brian Dodge, spokesman for the Retail Industry Leaders Association. "But given the size of the border adjustment tax impact, it's unavoidable." Just how much prices go up would vary by industry and company, depending in part on how reliant they are on imported goods. Experts say the price of some imported goods could increase as much as 20 percent if a border adjustment tax was passed. Still, U.S. price levels overall would likely rise by an estimated 0.5 to 2 percent, analysts at Goldman Sachs wrote in January. Trump proposes 20 percent tax on Mexican imports to pay for border wall Tribune news services Determined to wall off America's border with Mexico, President Donald Trump triggered a diplomatic clash and a fresh fight over trade Thursday as the White House proposed a 20 percent tax on imports from the key U.S. ally and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto abruptly scrapped next week's trip... Determined to wall off America's border with Mexico, President Donald Trump triggered a diplomatic clash and a fresh fight over trade Thursday as the White House proposed a 20 percent tax on imports from the key U.S. ally and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto abruptly scrapped next week's trip... (Tribune news services) Retailers including Gap, Wal-Mart and Target declined to comment on the border tax idea floated by the White House. Buyers of newly constructed homes could also face higher prices. About 30 percent of the materials that go into a home come from Canada and a significant amount of raw materials come from Mexico, said Robert Dietz, economist for the National Association of Home Builders. Avocados, beer and Mexican Oreos Roughly 60 percent of the avocados sold in the U.S. come from Mexico, a number that grows to more than 80 percent in the winter months, said Peter Testa, president of Testa Produce, one of Chicago's longtime produce wholesalers. Other vegetables from Mexico include cucumbers, peppers and cilantro. A 20 percent border tax "would be a disaster for the entire food industry. It would affect every aspect of food coming into the U.S.," Testa said. At Big Star, a Wicker Park restaurant known for its tacos and margaritas, a tariff would squeeze business. "If we're forced to add a 20 percent tax to our costs, we will need to raise prices to maintain our use of strictly fresh ingredients and to avoid compromising our values. As a result, we could see a loss of business, as would many Chicago restaurants," Big Star's chef de cuisine Julie Warpinski said in an email. Large food and beverage companies are watching this all unfold and choosing their words carefully. Constellation Brands' beer division, based in Chicago, makes and imports Mexican beers like Corona and Modelo. In a recent conference call with analysts, CEO Rob Sands said the company was bracing for different scenarios but expected to be able to offset a border adjustment by shifting some supply chain costs from Mexico to the U.S. instead of hiking prices. "We've had tons of discussions internally, but until legislation is passed through Congress, it's going to be way too hard to tell what impact any legislation will have on our industry or on our business," spokesman Mike McGrew said Friday. The wall, deportations, sanctuary cities: What Trump's orders mean, and what they don't Brian Bennett During his presidential campaign, no single promise electrified Donald Trump’s supporters more than the pledge to build a “big, beautiful wall” all along the border with Mexico.  Wednesday, President Trump turned that promise into an executive order, one of two he signed. His directive leaves many... During his presidential campaign, no single promise electrified Donald Trump’s supporters more than the pledge to build a “big, beautiful wall” all along the border with Mexico.  Wednesday, President Trump turned that promise into an executive order, one of two he signed. His directive leaves many... (Brian Bennett) Last year, Deerfield-based Mondelez International laid off about 600 of its 1,200 workers from the longtime Nabisco bakery on Chicago's Southwest Side known for making Oreos and shifted some of its operations to Mexico. Some of the laid-off workers have since been called back to the factory. Mondelez spokeswoman Laurie Guzzinati declined to comment specifically on the tax idea, but one of the unions representing workers at the Chicago plant didn't dismiss it. Trump's proposed border tax might not be such a bad thing if it means American companies will think twice before exporting jobs out of the country, said Ron Baker, spokesman for the Bakery, Confectionery, Tobacco Workers and Grain Millers union, which felt the largest impact of the Mondelez layoffs. "I voted for Hillary. I'm not a Trump supporter. But I'm concerned about American workers," Baker said. Chicago Tribune's Gail MarksJarvis, Ally Marotti, Lisa Schencker and Samantha Bomkamp contributed. gtrotter@chicagotribune.com rchannick@chicagotribune.com lzumbach@chicagotribune.com Twitter @GregTrotterTrib Twitter @RobertChannick Twitter @laurenzumbach Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Mexico Donald Trump Mondelez International Lindsey O. Graham World Trade Organization Republican Party Abbott CEO 'optimistic' about Trump Behind closed doors, Republican lawmakers fret about how to repeal Obamacare Trump called the government's job numbers 'phony.' What happens now that he's in charge of them? Breaking Sports Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Business Advertising 24°
null
Home The Mix In-Depth Littwin Keefe Events The Beats Civil Rights Education Environment/Energy Health Criminal Justice Politics Donate Mailing list Jeffco School Board gives Great Work charter initial okay, with strings attached Marianne Goodland January 27, 2017 Education No Comments On the same night the Jefferson County Board of Education began plans to close five schools to make up a multi-million budget shortfall, it also gave conditional approval to a charter school that some board members criticized as financially unsustainable. Related: These five Jeffco public schools face possible closure. Here’s why. The Jeffco board has twice rejected Great Work Montessori’s charter application. The charter board appealed to the Colorado State Board of Education after the first ‘no’ and the board ordered that Jeffco reconsider. Jeffco Board President Ron Mitchell said during last night’s meeting that after the second ‘no,’ lawyers for the school board and the charter stepped in and continued to negotiate. With the clock ticking – the charter had 30 days to appeal the second rejection – the school board last night presented a new set of conditions that Great Work must meet in order to open next fall. Chief among them: much higher numbers for enrollment and letters of intent to enroll. The board voted unanimously for conditional approval, based on the charter’s ability to prove it can bring in the number of students necessary to make the school financially viable. “We will hold them accountable for those numbers,” Mitchell told The Colorado Independent Friday. The board has good reason to be insistent. Nine of the 16 charter schools in Jefferson County have opened with fewer than the number of students needed to be financially sustainable, and the school district has had to bail them out with loans, sometimes in the hundreds of thousands of dollars. All of the loans have since been repaid, according to district officials. The Great Work Montessori School is to be based in east Lakewood, a few blocks south of the intersection of West Alameda and South Sheridan. In its application, school leadership projects an enrollment of 270 students in PreK through eighth grade. In the first year the school would open for PreK through third grade and add a grade every year thereafter. Great Work has been controversial from the beginning. The charter school is backed by the Walton Family Foundation, which was started by Walmart founder Sam Walton. Companies controlled by Walton’s grandson James Walton, the charter’s founder, own the land that the school will be built on and eventually, the building itself. Related: Proposed Jeffco charter finds it isn’t business as usual with Jeffco school board The school board has opposed the Great Work application based on its belief that the school’s finances are unsustainable. The charter application explained that the school is expected to receive a $250,000 grant from the Walton Foundation, and that a third of the school’s budget is dependent on full tuition paid by families whose children attend the early childhood education program, basically a private preschool, which is allowed under state law. That tuition would be about $1,500 per month, though the charter is intended to serve low-income families in east Lakewood. The charter backers argued the school would provide Montessori education in an area that has none. However, Denver Public Schools has a Montessori school that accepts Jefferson County students and is about a mile away. In addition, a private PreK Montessori school, Little Lyceum, is just three blocks away. Under the new agreement, the charter must collect 120 intent-to-enroll letters from families who want to put their kids in the schools’ pre-K program, and 206 intent letters for kindergarten through third grade. About 137 K-3 students would have to enroll for the school to open. Jeffco officials said last month that the norm for a charter school is a 50 percent attrition rate between the numbers of letters of intent and actual enrollment. Great Work has until April 1 to meet its letter of intent and enrollment targets. “We are so grateful for the unanimous support of the Jeffco board and staff,” said Great Work “head of school” Amy Malick, in a statement to The Independent. ”We are honored to be part of an amazing district and to provide a new choice to the families in our community.”   Photo courtesy Jefferson County School District Amy Malick Great Work Montessori School James Walton jefferson county board of education walton family foundation Like this story? Steal it! Feel free to republish it in part or in full, just please give credit to The Colorado Independent and add a link to the original. Got a tip? Story pitch? Send us an e-mail. Follow The Colorado Independent on Twitter. Like this article? Share it! Twitter Facebook Google Reddit Tumblr Email More StumbleUpon LinkedIn Pinterest Pocket Print About the Author Marianne Goodland has been a political journalist since 1998. She covered the state capitol for the Silver & Gold Record from 1998 to 2009 and for The Colorado Statesman in 2010-11 and 2013-14. Since 2010 she also has covered the General Assembly for newspapers in northeastern Colorado. She was recognized with awards from the Colorado Press Association for feature writing and informational graphics for her work with the Statesman in 2012. Related Posts State board increasingly siding with charter schools on appeals Jeffco school board says no, again, to Walton-backed charter Guest post: Jeffco school district’s no means no Rejected Jeffco charter gets second chance from state board of education Leave a Response Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Name* Email* Website Notify me of new posts by email. "Small Media, Big News" - Founded, 2006. Born again, 2013. Search Keefe DONATE What people are reading “Dear Mr. President”: 11-year-old tells Trump “We will not back down” State House says hell no on religious exemptions bill Denver Sheriff’s Department is flailing, despite reform efforts Littwin: Gigantic, enormous, colossal, unpresidented women’s march drives Trump mad The Women’s March in Denver KGNU Community Radio Hear headlines from The Indy every Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 2:55 pm Keep in touch Just In Jeffco School Board gives Great Work charter initial okay, with strings attached This Denver journalist will run a media outlet as the left’s ‘answer to Breitbart’ Littwin: The Trump presidency begins, and now we know what a Twitter war really looks like These five Jeffco public schools face possible closure. Here’s why. ‪The Home Front: Despite new law, some Colorado hospitals reject aid-in-dying drugs‬ Trump signs order for ‘new vetting’ of immigrants. Colorado refugees have been bracing for the worst. Uncertainty reigns, but Trump’s sanctuary city crackdown appears more bark than bite Veterans feel ripped off by Colorado for-profit college Wiretap: A border wall, golfing and voter fraud, black sites, and Trump is just getting started The Home Front: Uber in Steamboat, homelessness in Fort Collins, housing in Durango State House says hell no on religious exemptions bill Denver Sheriff’s Department is flailing, despite reform efforts ‘Today is not about us’: Trump’s expected ban rocks Colorado’s refugee community Colorado lawmaker facing ethics complaint Wiretap: Trump to build wall, limit Muslim refugees, maybe pick Denver judge for Supremes The Home Front: Rural Colorado teachers are arming themselves Colorado Senate to consider harsher penalties for oil and gas tampering Littwin: Gigantic, enormous, colossal, unpresidented women’s march drives Trump mad The Home Front: Colorado lawmaker on GOP abortion bills: ‘Thank God we have a Democratic majority in the House’ “Dear Mr. President”: 11-year-old tells Trump “We will not back down” scroll Read More EVENTS Seven education storylines to watch as the Colorado General Assembly gets to work   As Colorado lawmakers return to the Capitol on Wednesday to begin crafting education policy and setting spending priorities, they face significant budget challenges, an […] Read More WATCH: Colorado’s third party US Senate candidates debate guns, healthcare and more TWITTER Tweets by @COindependent THE BLOGS This Denver journalist will run a media outlet as the left’s ‘answer to Breitbart’ Denver-based journalist and author David Sirota is leaving the International Business Times to take the reins of a new media site called True Blue, part […] Read More FACEBOOK Our Mission To serve the needs of readers and communities throughout Colorado according to this simple, meaningful idea: The only bias we have is for good journalism. We take the role of journalism as a public trust seriously. The goal is to make impact, to inspire action by moving readers on important issues with stories that provide missing context, unearth buried facts and amplify unheard voices. Categories Civil Rights Criminal Justice Education Environment/Energy Health Politics Information About us Donate Contact Us Privacy Policy Board of Directors Home The Mix In-Depth Littwin Keefe Events The Beats Donate Mailing list Photo Credit: Denver Public Library; Western History Collection; L C. McClure; MCC-1824; Site Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Contact Jobs Contribute Advertise Team About Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers Launch Distract World Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Trump might still be using his five-year-old Android phone and that’s a bigly problem by Matthew Hughes — in Security 66 shares Donald Trump is fabulously wealthy, that’s for sure. While his actual net-worth is a subject for debate, it’s safe to assume that he can afford a new smartphone. Which is why it’s so strange that The Donald continues to use an old Samsung Galaxy S3 – which was first released in 2012 – as the vessel of choice for his ever-deranged twitter shitposting. Android Central analyzed several photos of The Donald using his beloved smartphone, and determined that the phone he is currently using is the Samsung Galaxy S3. This is roughly five years old, and last received an update in mid-2015, when it was updated to Android 4.3 JellyBean. “This event was off the charts” Gary Vaynerchuk was so impressed with TNW Conference 2016 he paused mid-talk to applaud us. FIND OUT WHY While one photograph dating from February 2016 shows the device in use while he was in the midst of his controversial campaign, it’s a bit murky whether the device followed him to the Oval Office. By some accounts, Trump has switched over to a Secret Service-supplied smartphone that’s tightly locked down. However, more recent (and contradictory) accounts reported by The New York Times suggest that Trump continues to use his beloved phone. So, why does this matter? Surely we’ve got bigger things to worry about (like the fact that the human embodiment of an email that starts with “RE:FWD:RE:RE:RE:FWD:FWD” now has his finger on the button) than Trump’s phone of choice, right? It matters because even if you don’t like him, Trump is still president. There’s a huge amount of responsibility on his shoulders. And even if you disagree with him vehemently, what he says matters. We all know what happened when Trump tweeted about the (admittedly expensive) F-35 project, and the upcoming renewal of Air Force One. Shares in Lockheed Martin and Boeing tanked. Imagine the chaos that could happen on the financial markets if a hacker was able to gain access to Donald Trump’s Twitter account and started tweeting things like: “Failing store Wal-Mart sold me a bottle of expired milk. Will apologize or suffer. SAD!” And if Donald Trump is using an ancient, unpatched smartphone, that’s a real possibility. So, please. If anyone from Donald Trump’s team is reading this, can you please get him a new phone? His birthday is in June, but maybe it could be an early present. I know he likes his Galaxy S3, but perhaps he’ll be amenable to the Galaxy S8, which comes out in March. I’m sure Samsung will comp him a pre-release model, what with him being the most powerful man in the world and all. Which Android phone does Donald Trump use? on Android Central Read next: DailyMotion suffers the wrath of Russia with permanent ban nationwide AndroidInsights Share on Facebook (4) Share on Twitter (62) Matthew Hughes is a reporter from Liverpool. Happy to hear your thoughts on matthughes@thenextweb.com or @matthewhughes on Twitter. Matthew Hughes is a journalist from Liverpool, England. His interests include security, startups, food, and storytelling. Follow him on Twitter. Contact Mail Tweet Location Liverpool Posts 316 Posts / mo. 51.72   All posts by Matthew > Shh. Here's some distraction 6 reasons why app stores should transition to subscription models TNW with Setapp 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' confirmed as name for Episode VIII Napier Lopez From yellow brick road to dark as night: How color has become an important storytelling tool TNW with LG Trump may have the best words, but these Urban Dictionary submissions are pretty good too Bryan Clark This stream of YouTube videos with zero views will put a smile on your face Napier Lopez How to use data to make killer content decisions TNW with Tibco Comments Recommended 5 tips for dominating your online reputation Melissa Thompson Most popular 1 Facebook is copying Instagram's copy of Snapchat's Stories Napier Lopez 2 Facebook testing News Feed-like ads inside Messenger Bryan Clark 3 Pornhub reveals the Women's March caused serious drops in porn traffic Mix 4 Bored programmer made an app that turns GIFs into printable flip books Mix 5 Avoid these 10 insecure VPN apps on Android Abhimanyu Ghoshal Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company ABN AMRO Reinventing the world of banking Philips Embrace the unexpected Facebook Build and make an impact Amazon We are a company of pioneers Latest Google is reportedly readying a 'budget' model for the new Pixel Mix Porn sites are safer than you think Lauren Gilmore Breach notification site LeakedSource shuts down after apparent police raid Matthew Hughes DailyMotion suffers the wrath of Russia with permanent ban nationwide Mix Trump might still be using his five-year-old Android phone and that’s a bigly problem Matthew Hughes 5 digital marketing trends that will disrupt your business JT Ripton Use Flux 6 to create beautiful web pages with no coding experience (83% off) TNW Deals Learn all you need to know about AI in just 6 minutes with Snips Bryan Clark FBI Director Comey to appear on stage at SXSW Bryan Clark Google just passed 3M businesses paying for G Suite Bryan Clark Nintendo keeps it real in latest European 'Switch' ad Bryan Clark Report: First real Samsung Galaxy S8 photo and release date leaked Napier Lopez Facebook announces News Feed change to surface more relevant videos Bryan Clark Anonymous publishes what appear to be Sean Spicer's Twitter passwords [Updated] Bryan Clark Amazon sells out of '1984' after America remembers it can read Bryan Clark Days ● Hours ● Minutes ● Seconds ● UNTIL PRICES RISE TNW Conference is Europe's leading technology festival. Super Early Bird passes are available until January 31st! Learn More Upcoming Events SXSW Mar 10, 2017 TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.65M followers 763K likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science     Money Video Travel Columnists Money Home Markets Saving & banking Investing Bills Cars Holidays Cards & loans Pensions Mortgages & home Experts Buy-to-let My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail HomeTop Share show ad HAMISH MCRAE: Why cheap will triumph - 'Our grocery market is massively competitive...Tesco is getting by quite well' By Hamish Mcrae Published: 18:03 EST, 27 January 2017 | Updated: 20:26 EST, 27 January 2017 e-mail 1 View comments We all shop at Tesco. So when it takes over a much smaller rival – most of us know of Booker by its Budgens and Londis chains – we sit up and take notice. But it is not really a rival, because it is a wholesaler – it owns those brands, but the shops are independent – and the country’s largest food wholesaler to boot. There are three stories here: What this says about Tesco, what it says about grocery retailing, and what it says about the way we live now. Expanding: Tesco is looking to the future For Tesco, it is the start of sensible expansion rather than the other sort. Its charismatic leader, Sir Terry Leahy, was Britain’s most admired businessman when he left in 2011. But then it lost its way, buying businesses here, and abroad, that it knew nothing about, then closing or selling them at a loss – and neglecting the main supermarkets while it did so. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Profits plunge 37% at BT as European boss is ousted over... What would YOU do with a £100k windfall? Britons would... Stubbed out: Boss of tobacco giant loses £3m pay rise after... HAMISH MCRAE: Theresa May needs the art of the deal - our... Share this article Share Its most spectacular mess was that it managed to lose £1.8bn trying to challenge Whole Foods in America with Fresh & Easy. But it had smaller boo-boos.  For example, it bought store chains across the continent, only to have to sell them at a loss, ditto the restaurant chain Giraffe, ditto a Turkish business, ditto one in South Korea, ditto Japan.  Then it managed to fudge its accounts, having to restate them. Not good. Heads rolled. The big four: Tesco, Sainsbury’s and Morrisons have managed to fight back, leaving Asda trailing. But since Dave Lewis arrived from Unilever and took over in 2014, the gradual rebuilding began. The accounts were straightened out, the basic business overhauled, the corporate jets sold, and now, finally, the group is on the offensive again. It is a classic story of the much-feted leader leaving behind, if not a mess, then at least a tricky situation. Then, after a period of mayhem, someone coming in from outside and sorting it out. Next step: how to expand wisely. Then it’s story two: what is happening in grocery retailing. The supply chain is the key. The more efficient you are, the more options you have.  In the past three months, Lidl and Aldi had 10.4 per cent of the UK grocery market, which is stunning given that they had only just over 7 per cent three years ago. Tesco, Sainsbury’s and Morrisons have managed to fight back, leaving Asda trailing. It is, for US owners Walmart, a bit of a humiliation. It is the world’s largest company in terms of employees, with more than 2m of them.  But it is in deep trouble here, partly because we seem to shop differently from Americans, but also because it does not have the overwhelming, crushing efficiency of its supply chain in the States. Our grocery market is massively competitive. The Lidl/Aldi models of small product choice, high quality and low prices works well.  Times are changing: Deliveroo lets you order to your door There is room at the top end, occupied by Marks & Spencer and Waitrose, though it is a struggle because this is a demanding corner of the market. And in between? If you are very efficient and very sensitive to what is happening on your shop floor, you can get by – and Tesco is getting by quite well. But as a proportion of our total spending, groceries are shrinking and will continue to shrink. Tough business to be in. That leads to the third story, the changing way we live now. Work patterns have changed massively and technology has changed massively. That creates business opportunities, for example, Deliveroo. But that also leads to retreats: the decline of the weekly trek to the out-of-town supermarket. If you can get something delivered to you at, or close to, the price it costs to pick it up, why on earth schlep round pushing a trolley? The only sensible assumptions are that our work and life patterns will become more fluid, and that the shift to online has a long way to run. Quite how a giant like Tesco manoeuvres its way through these changes in lifestyles, I don’t know, but merging with supply chain experts gives it options. Jack Cohen, founder of Tesco, had his famous slogan: ‘Pile it high, sell it cheap.’ The second bit still works. Ask Lidl or Aldi. Rate of change So we are indeed the fastest-growing G7 economy. Yesterday, the US came in at 1.6 per cent growth for 2016, just below our 2 per cent. But ponder this. If the US needs higher interest rates to curb its growth, why don’t we? They have had two increases in rates already. Rooster booster: 2017 Chinese New Year begins today We will get the next Inflation Report from the Bank of England next Thursday, along with the doubtless non-decision on interest rates.  I have a sneaking feeling they will upgrade their growth forecast for 2017 a click more, with, of course, lots of caveats. Hardly anyone expects a rise in UK rates this year, but that cut last August looks to have been a mistake. Look for signs in Mark Carney’s press conference of a further shift in guidance. For once, the guidance might prove right. Rooster booster The Chinese New Year starts today. It is the Year of the Fire Rooster. Sounds more appropriate for the new US President than the rather less colourful Chinese leaders, doesn’t it?   Share or comment on this article e-mail Comments (1) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Portfolio Forums Guides Savings rates Deals Calculators Enter search term: Search All Articles Share prices QUICK WAYS TO SAVE MONEY Credit cards Cheaper insurance Savings accounts Best mortgages Cut your energy bills Current accounts Cheapest loans £12.50 share dealing     DON'T MISS My state pension forecast says I'm due full £155, but surely it's wrong because I contracted out? Steve Webb replies Former Pensions Minister Steve Webb answers. Will filling my attic with boxes help to insulate my house and cut my energy bills? Energy saving tip or urban myth? Jaguar Land Rover spearheads record 10% boom in UK car exports as production hits 17-year high SMMT data. House prices drop by £3,000 for every minute of train travel out of London.... - try our interactive map to see how much commuters could save. One in five executors get landed with the job without warning People write wills without asking first, according to Co-op Legal Services. Households spend £15 less on a 'big shop' at discounters Aldi and Lidl than at the Big Four supermarkets Freestyle skier Jon Olsson puts his souped-up Lamborghini with a roof box for his skis up for sale Nothing will get you to the slopes faster. Who is buying gold and is it set to rise again? The Investing Show looks at gold's prospects. Current account shutdown shock for for 100,000 bank customers Yorkshire BS scraps N&P brand and culls 48 more branches. And the winner of our annual customer service Wooden Spoon Award is... BT (again) But the chief exec sends this poor customer care boss to collect it. I'm a retiring fireman who has built up £152k in investments and £183k in cash, can I get a good income and enjoy some holidays? Money Pit Stop. Sky confirms inflation-busting line rental increase of 8.5%... - amid watchdog probe into rip-off landline prices. How to find your way through the maze of the cash Isa We pick the best accounts The insurance companies least likely to pay out for your home cover claims Revealed The Ford that can outpace a Ferrari: Finally confirms its new GT's top speed of 216mph Ford's supercar     DON'T MISS: PROPERTY Do you live in one of the 50 best places in the UK? A pretty part of Hampshire that's steeped in history and includes a Cathedral city takes the top slot  REVEALED: The hidden secrets of a modern Welsh castle that costs £2.8m It looks like it was built centuries ago, but it is only 22 years old The best home you can build on a shoestring Could this two-bed house that can be built for less than £50k be the answer to Britain's housing crisis? State-of-the-art bungalow the size of SEVEN family homes for sale at £2.75m - but you'll have to build it first The new owner must first knock down the existing 1970s bungalow Would you rather buy a studio flat in London or a 10 bedroom mansion in Wales? We take a look at what properties you can get for £1m in Britain today Will Britain ever wean itself off 'housing heroin'? MYRA BUTTERWORTH asks Are schemes such as Help to Buy artificially stimulating the housing market to a point of no return? Britain's most popular homes for sale revealed From a luxury barn conversion to a new-build mansion with staff quarters  How much would you pay to live in a posh shed? Renovated tin huts and timber cabins go on the market for as much as £580k What's it like to live in... Reading? Why this Berkshire town on the Thames is more than just a commuter haven with a 30 minute train journey into London The rise of the £20million FLAT Exclusive apartments now go for as much as luxury houses - but what do you get for your money? Looking for a quick way to build your own Grand Design? We look at striking modern prefab homes and what they cost  They do exist! The locations where you can still buy a family property in Britain for less than £50k Forget what's on the telly, all eyes are on THAT wallpaper! Own the same designer print that Gogglebox couple Giles and Mary have on the walls of their Wiltshire home Flushing your money down the pan? How one buyer spent £285k on HALF a converted public toilet that's now a one bed semi-detached house PROPERTY CLINIC: I've got my eye on a Grade II-listed house, but would I be able to extend it? If you have aspirations to buy and extend a historic building, here is what you need to know The most expensive streets in Britain revealed They include the street where the average cost of a home is £16m Owners of new flats forced to fork out £2,800 a year in property management fees One in three management companies admit to raising costs Internet stars Tanya Burr and Jim Chapman splash out £2m on lavish London home - where they film videos for their seven million fans Would you buy this house? An ultra-modern Huf Haus makes for a comfortable family home - and you can canoe to the pub from the bottom of the garden The best sofa beds Where to find a deep sofa bed mattress to get a comfortable night's sleep The Grand Designs that drove their owners to despair... and are now up for sale Homes featured on TV makeover show set to make a small fortune for the 'exhausted' families Could you hold the fort? Ten castles for sale in Britain now - and one thing that's not medieval is the price.... Latest reports from News As Tesco makes a £3.7bn bid for cash & carry giant . . . the takeover that has sparked revolt in the boardroom 'Cash machine desert' warning for British bank customers as row erupts over funding of free ATM network Insolvencies climb 13% last year as households battle soaring inflation post-Brexit vote Profits plunge 37% at BT as European boss is ousted over Italian accounting scandal IN THE MONEY: Kevin O'Byrne, 52 Chief financial officer, Sainsbury's handed £300k in shares 'Britain should get used to higher prices after Brexit', warns Unilever boss at the centre of last year's Marmite row Families set to be hit by harsh cuts to bereavement payouts after changes to the Widowed Parent's Allowance HMRC mocked for promising 'inner peace' to self-employed people who file their tax returns Married couples missing out on tax breaks: Only a third have signed up despite £1.5m campaign And the winner of our annual Wooden Spoon Award is... BT (again) But the chief exec sends this poor customer care boss to collect it in his place When will interest rates move? Inflation rises but rates are going nowhere fast, suggest economists I've learnt one big thing – the experts always get it wrong: The Big Short author Michael Lewis on his new book about the men who turned economics upside down Three snared after Barratt fraud probe: Cash-for-contracts scandal deepens at top British housebuilder Financial services firms haven't felt this gloomy since 2008 - and preparing for Brexit is the number one challenge MORE HEADLINES     FREE WEEKLY NEWSLETTER ‘What the money news means for you’ Newsletter straight to your inbox QUICK SIGN-UP: Just your email required SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Reuters BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Starbucks in crosshairs as Mexico boycott campaign simmers Reuters Jan. 27, 2017, 6:40 PM 2,566 facebook linkedin twitter email print FILE PHOTO -- A Starbucks logo is seen at a Starbucks coffee shop in Vienna Thomson Reuters MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Seeking to quell a social media campaign imploring Mexicans to boycott U.S. companies, Starbucks defended itself on Friday, saying it had invested millions in the country, created more than 7,000 jobs, and that its local unit is Mexican-owned. The statement came after disparate social media campaigns directed at U.S. companies based in Mexico gained traction, following U.S. President Donald Trump's order to build a border wall along the country's southern border and promise to make Mexico pay for it. In a statement, Starbucks said its Mexican operator Alsea has some 560 stores across Mexico, representing an investment of 5 billion pesos ($239 million), and sells Arabica coffee beans harvested in the southern Mexican state of Chiapas around the world. Even so, a campaign urged Mexicans not to buy products from the world's biggest coffee seller, with the hashtag #AdiosStarbucks trending on Twitter earlier this week. Social media users have also called for boycotts of U.S. companies including McDonald's , Wal-mart , and Coca-Cola . Earlier this month, a Mexican state governor said his administration would no longer buy cars from U.S. auto maker Ford , calling on others to do the same after the company abruptly canceled a planned investment in the country. "It's time for Mexicans to show what we're made of," Alejandro Moreno, governor of the southeastern state of Campeche, said. "Actions like this should multiply across the country." On Friday, Mexico's wealthiest man, Carlos Slim, weighed in on the topic, saying he thought attempts to boycott U.S. companies were wrong. "They are American businesses that have come to invest in Mexico, to give employment in Mexico, to produce in Mexico," Slim said. "What needs to be done really is consuming what the country produces." Shares of Starbucks closed down 4 percent on Friday to $56.12, the lowest level since Jan. 4. (Reporting by Natalie Schachar and Christine Murray; Editing by Sandra Maler) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power European privacy regulators to scrutinize WhatsApp privacy switch Transplant recipients who resume smoking have shorter survival More: Reuters facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Starbucks in crosshairs as Mexico boycott campaign simmers Starbucks in crosshairs as Mexico boycott campaign simmers MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Seeking to quell a... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Reuters Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Co-sponsorAssociate Sponsors DidYouKnow Newsroom diaries 2016: How we covered the year's big stories Firstpost . Saturday, January 28, 2017Latest E-bookSwitch to हिन्दी Front Page Politics Pune civic polls to see no alliances as BJP-Shiv Sena snap ties Punjab Election 2017: Navjot Singh Sidhu's switchover has given Congress a second wind Punjab Election 2017: Arvind Kejriwal calls Narendra Modi vindictive, blames EC for promoting bribery Jammu and Kashmir: National Conference, Congress oppose resolution on Hari Singh Uttar Pradesh Election 2017: RLD releases 8th list of candidates for polls Goa Election 2017: Congress promises 'clean governance', hopes to return to power Sports Live Big Bash League 2016/17 final, Perth Scorchers vs Sydney Sixers: Sydney struggling to score Bundesliga: Hoffenheim’s fairytale run is a reflection of coach Julian Nagelsmann's zealous philosophy India vs England, 2nd T20: Yuzvendra Chahal plans to capitalise on big boundaries using flighted deliveries I-League 2017: Churchill Brothers come from behind to stun 10-man Bengaluru FC Australian Open 2017: Watch all 8 Serena vs Venus Williams Grand Slam finals at a glance FA Cup: Pep Guardiola insists players to sit and plan; says 'winning titles is important' India Trapping a predator: How Sunil Rastogi, 'India's worst paedophile', was finally brought to book BJP leader Ranjit Das' remark on hoisting tricolour upside down the latest in party gaffes Vijay Mallya blames govt policies, economic conditions for collapse of Kingfisher Airlines Tax payer hopes from Budget soar; with ball in Jaitley's court, will he score a goal or self-goal? Demystifying Budgets: This website helps you make sense of the numbers haze Songs of freedom: Jailed for 4 years, Kabir Kala Manch members are now ready with new music World Mark Zuckerberg criticises Donald Trump's, says US a 'nation of immigrants' South Asian lawyers group condemn Donald Trump's order on Muslim ban, will challenge it in court Donald Trump bans Muslim refugees, signs executive order to keep radicals out of US John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee, actor of 'The Elephant Man' and 'Harry Potter' was 77 Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: Donald Trump is 'negotiator, not Terminator' Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Donald Trump order on refugees, says don't turn your back on defenceless children Business Vijay Mallya-Kingfisher case: Not just bankers, UPA too have a lot of explaining to do Tax payer hopes from Budget soar; with ball in Jaitley's court, will he score a goal or self-goal? GST on the anvil: Budget can clear the air over input tax credit, unutilised education cess Demystifying Budgets: This website helps you make sense of the numbers haze IIT-Bombay's two-day E-Summit to encourage budding entrepreneurs starts today Budget should clear uncertainty over GAAR and other tax treaties to woo foreign investors Life Mumbai Pride Parade: Not just a symbol of protest, it is a celebration of who we are Amish Tripathi: For books to achieve mass success in India, stories need to connect with our roots Confessions of a first timer: Agony and ecstasy of being a panelist at the Jaipur Literature Festival Songs of freedom: Jailed for 4 years, Kabir Kala Manch members are now ready with new music Nita Ambani honoured by the Met, New York, for Reliance Foundation's philanthropic initiatives Entertainment Kaabil vs Raees: An honest Shah Rukh Khan fan will admit Hrithik's film is better Kaatru Veliyidai: Celebrating 25 years of Mani Ratnam, A R Rahman's musical partnership Bigg Boss 10 finale: How the controversial show unfolded over ten seasons Sanjay Leela Bhansali attacked on Padmavati set: Bollywood appalled; takes to Twitter Raam Reddy interview: On Thithi clones, unconditioning and life after a great debut film Raees vs Kaabil: Shah Rukh Khan responds to Rakesh Roshan's angry claims Photos Videos Budget 2017 TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी Co-sponsorAssociate Sponsors You are here: Latest News Fwire News Starbucks in crosshairs as Mexico boycott campaign simmers | Reuters ReutersJan, 28 2017 05:45:05 IST #Reuters MEXICO CITY Seeking to quell a social media campaign imploring Mexicans to boycott U.S. companies, Starbucks defended itself on Friday, saying it had invested millions in the country, created more than 7,000 jobs, and that its local unit is Mexican-owned.The statement came after disparate social media campaigns directed at U.S. companies based in Mexico gained traction, following U.S. President Donald Trump's order to build a border wall along the country's southern border and promise to make Mexico pay for it. In a statement, Starbucks (SBUX.O) said its Mexican operator Alsea (ALSEA.MX) has some 560 stores across Mexico, representing an investment of 5 billion pesos ($239 million), and sells Arabica coffee beans harvested in the southern Mexican state of Chiapas around the world.Even so, a campaign urged Mexicans not to buy products from the world's biggest coffee seller, with the hashtag #AdiosStarbucks trending on Twitter earlier this week. Social media users have also called for boycotts of U.S. companies including McDonald's (MCD.N), Wal-mart (WMT.N), and Coca-Cola (KO.N). Earlier this month, a Mexican state governor said his administration would no longer buy cars from U.S. auto maker Ford (F.N), calling on others to do the same after the company abruptly cancelled a planned investment in the country. "It's time for Mexicans to show what we're made of," Alejandro Moreno, governor of the southeastern state of Campeche, said. "Actions like this should multiply across the country." On Friday, Mexico's wealthiest man, Carlos Slim, weighed in on the topic, saying he thought attempts to boycott U.S. companies were wrong."They are American businesses that have come to invest in Mexico, to give employment in Mexico, to produce in Mexico," Slim said. "What needs to be done really is consuming what the country produces."Shares of Starbucks closed down 4 percent on Friday to $56.12, the lowest level since Jan. 4. ($1 = 20.9100 Mexican pesos) (Reporting by Natalie Schachar and Christine Murray; Editing by Sandra Maler) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Also See Australia look to spin, versatility, to turn India tide | Reuters Premier League - Chelsea, Spurs and Arsenal enjoy big wins | Reuters SpaceX returns to flight, sending satellites into orbit | Reuters One China principle is non-negotiable - Beijing | Reuters Top Stories Trapping a predator: How Sunil Rastogi, 'India's worst paedophile', was finally brought to book Mallya Mails: Did ex-PMO Show Special Interest in Keeping KFA Flying? Activists seek FIR against Meghalaya ex-governor V Shanmuganathan, politicians give guarded response Live Big Bash League 2016/17 final, Perth Scorchers vs Sydney Sixers: Richardson puts Scorchers on top Want to transact online in MF? Here’s what you must know Kaabil vs Raees: An honest Shah Rukh Khan fan will admit Hrithik's film is better Donald Trump bans Muslim refugees, signs executive order to keep radicals out of US Vijay Mallya-Kingfisher case: Not just bankers, UPA too have a lot of explaining to do Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 England in India, 3 T20 International Series, 2016/17 England beat India by 7 wickets United Arab Emirates Tri-Nation Series, 2017 United Arab Emirates beat Hong Kong by 6 wickets Pakistan in Australia, 5 ODI Series, 2017 Australia beat Pakistan by 57 runs Sri Lanka in South Africa, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 Sri Lanka beat South Africa by 5 wickets United Arab Emirates Tri-Nation Series, 2017 United Arab Emirates beat Scotland by 4 wickets Sri Lanka in South Africa, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 Sri Lanka beat South Africa by 3 wickets England in India, 3 ODI Series, 2016/17 England beat India by 5 runs United Arab Emirates Tri-Nation Series, 2017 Hong Kong beat Scotland by 7 wickets Pakistan in Australia, 5 ODI Series, 2017 Australia beat Pakistan by 86 runs England in India, 3 T20 International Series, 2016/17 IND vs ENG - Jan 29th, 2017, 07:00 PM IST Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2017 NZ vs AUS - Jan 30th, 2017, 03:30 AM IST Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 SA vs SL - Feb 1st, 2017, 05:00 PM IST England in India, 3 T20 International Series, 2016/17 IND vs ENG - Feb 1st, 2017, 07:00 PM IST Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2017 NZ vs AUS - Feb 2nd, 2017, 06:30 AM IST Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 SA vs SL - Feb 4th, 2017, 05:00 PM IST Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2017 NZ vs AUS - Feb 5th, 2017, 03:30 AM IST Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 SA vs SL - Feb 7th, 2017, 05:00 PM IST Bangladesh in India, Only Test, 2017 IND vs BAN - Feb 9th, 2017, 09:30 AM IST Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 SA vs SL - Feb 10th, 2017, 05:00 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Budget 2017 Weather Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
News Sports Business Food Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections 2016 Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Steve Rose Mary Sanchez Public Editor Midwest Voices As I See It Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Shopping Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us Government & Politics January 27, 2017 6:17 PM Missouri Gov. Greitens refusing to disclose details of donations for inauguration facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:15 Swimmers plunge into icy Longview Lake waters for Special Olympics Pause 1:41 Trump discusses his hour-long phone call with Mexico's president 11:36 Jesse Newell and Gary Bedore preview Kansas-Kentucky game 3:30 Union pride and the 'right to work' in Missouri 3:33 Tears and cheers at Royals FanFest 2:26 Claire Ryann, 4, and dad sing 'You've Got a Friend In Me' 4:23 Mizzou wrestling coach Brian Smith talks about Tigers' loss to Oklahoma State 0:26 Trump on canceled meeting with Mexico's president 1:25 Prince William and Kate's creepy thank-you to Canada 1:21 Danny Duffy couldn't sleep after learning of Yordano Ventura's death Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Eric Greitens took the oath of office Monday, Jan. 9, 2017 on the steps of the Missouri Capitol in Jefferson City. He is the state's 56th governor. Video courtesy Greitens Inaugural Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens made ethics reform and anti-corruption the centerpiece of his administration and his campaign for governor. But he has refused to say how much money was raised for his inaugural festivities, how much was spent, how much each donor chipped in or whether he’ll ever make any of that information public. File photo by The Associated Press 1 of 2 i By Jason Hancock jhancock@kcstar.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story JEFFERSON CITY A collection of corporations, wealthy donors and lobbyists bankrolled Gov. Eric Greitens’ inaugural celebration earlier this month. But just how much they gave to the new governor may never be made public. That’s because unlike his predecessor, who used a campaign committee to raise money for his inauguration, Greitens formed a nonprofit to seek out donors. Nonprofits aren’t required to disclose their donors and aren’t subject to recently enacted campaign donation limits. Greitens has refused to say how much was raised, how much was spent, how much each donor chipped in or whether he’ll ever make any of that information public. So far, the only thing he’s been willing to share is a list of “benefactors” he says helped finance the inaugural festivities. On the list are some of the state’s largest companies, most of whom have business before the legislature that Greitens may one day have to either sign or veto. The situation has caused heartburn for some, especially given the fact that Greitens made ethics reform and anti-corruption the centerpiece of his administration and his campaign for governor. “I can’t understand how this governor can preach to members of the legislature about corruption, then turn around and behave in a way that most Missourians would say is corrupt,” said state Rep. Michael Butler, a St. Louis Democrat. “He’s taking money from corporations and lobbyists who are trying to get legislation passed, and he won’t tell us how much he’s taking.” Full disclosure is the only way Missouri residents can know for sure that the new administration is free from potential conflicts of interest, said state Sen. Rob Schaaf, a St. Joseph Republican. “Dark money has the potential for corruption,” Schaaf said. “Sunshine helps disinfect. The reason we make people disclose is to prevent corruption.” Greitens did not respond to repeated requests for comment. The Republican governor was elected after a campaign focused largely on his pledge to clean up state government. But his commitment to transparency has always been shaky at best. Greitens’ campaign benefited last year from $6 million in so-called dark money, cash funneled through nonprofits to hide its origin. A federal political action committee called SEALS for Truth cut him a check for $1.9 million in August. It was later revealed the real source of that money was a nonprofit called the American Policy Coalition, which was established by an Ohio attorney whom the Center for Public Integrity labeled the “nexus of one of the nation’s most mysterious networks pouring secret money into elections.” Another federal political action committee, LG PAC, spent $4 million in the GOP primary to help Greitens, with its money coming from a Texas-based nonprofit called Freedom Frontier. In both instances, where the money actually came from will likely never be known. “His campaign took advantage of every big-money loophole in the book,” said John Messmer, a political science professor at St. Louis Community College at Meramec. “And even if you can argue that he violated no laws, his actions clearly suggest a disdain for transparency.” During the campaign, Greitens also refused to release his tax returns. While he was under no legal obligation to do so, his critics said disclosure would help shed light on any possible conflicts of interest, especially considering he earned five-figure speaking fees on the corporate lecture circuit. In December, the St. Louis Post-Dispatch revealed that people serving on Greitens’ transition team were required to sign a gag order. Efforts to obtain records from the transition, which was taxpayer-funded and subject to Missouri’s open-records laws, have met with mixed success. An open-records request filed by The Star on Nov. 29, for example, has still not been fulfilled. Most recently, Greitens has refused to disclose how much the state will be paying Drew Erdmann, who the governor announced shortly after taking office would serve in the new position of chief operating officer. “The only way to make sure the government is doing the people’s work is through transparency, by being able to actually see what our government is doing,” said Jonathan Groves, associate professor of communications at Drury University in Springfield and president of the Missouri Sunshine Coalition. “The best way for (Greitens) to live up to what he said during the campaign would be through radical transparency.” Among the nearly 100 “benefactors” Greitens says helped fund his inauguration were Anheuser-Busch, Boeing, Centene, Enterprise, Express Scripts, Kansas City Power & Light, Kansas City Southern, Monsanto, Pfizer and Wal-Mart. Also listed was Uber. The California-based vehicle-for-hire company is pushing Missouri legislation that would enact regulations Uber thinks would allow it to expand throughout the state. The legislation also would exempt the company from paying local or municipal taxes. Greitens’ inauguration festivities, which included a performance by country music star Sara Evans, appeared to be more elaborate than those of the last two governors. Democrat Jay Nixon and Republican Matt Blunt each spent less than $250,000 on their inaugural celebrations. Missouri’s most expensive inaugural was that of Democratic Gov. Bob Holden, who spent $1 million in 2001. Like Greitens, Holden used a nonprofit to raise money, although he eventually made his fundraising details public. In response to Holden’s inaugural, Republican lawmakers began pushing for legislation requiring disclosure of all future inaugural fundraising and spending. It nearly became law in 2003 but died on the legislative session’s final day when differences between the House and Senate versions of the bill couldn’t be ironed out. Schaaf, the Republican senator from St. Joseph, is sponsoring legislation this year called the Dark Money Disclosure Act, which aims to require certain political nonprofits to disclose where their money comes from. But he doesn’t think his bill would have any impact on inaugural fundraising. “I myself think that should be the law, that the money given for the inauguration and other similar events should be disclosed,” he said. “But I don’t know if my bill would require that. I just never thought about it.” It’s in the public’s interest to know how much individual donors gave to the governor’s inaugural fund, said Jordan Libowitz, spokesman for the liberal watchdog group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington. “Imagine one donor gave $50,” he said. “Imagine another gave $50,000. Now imagine another donated $5 million. Which one are you most likely to listen to? That’s why transparency is so important. People don’t give huge amounts of money without wanting something in return.” Jason Hancock: 573-634-3565, @J_Hancock Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Government & Politics Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:41 Trump discusses his hour-long phone call with Mexico's president Pause 11:36 Jesse Newell and Gary Bedore preview Kansas-Kentucky game 1:18 Eric Greitens sworn in as Missouri's 56th governor 3:30 Union pride and the 'right to work' in Missouri 3:33 Tears and cheers at Royals FanFest 2:26 Claire Ryann, 4, and dad sing 'You've Got a Friend In Me' 4:23 Mizzou wrestling coach Brian Smith talks about Tigers' loss to Oklahoma State 1:15 Swimmers plunge into icy Longview Lake waters for Special Olympics 1:25 Prince William and Kate's creepy thank-you to Canada 1:21 Danny Duffy couldn't sleep after learning of Yordano Ventura's death Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago Trump on canceled meeting with Mexico's president 0:26 a day ago Trump on canceled meeting with Mexico's president 1:41 10 hours ago Trump discusses his hour-long phone call with Mexico's president 2:29 a day ago Mexico President Peña Nieto rejects U.S. decision to build wall View more video Government & Politics Kris Kobach weighs run for Kansas governor as likelihood of Washington role fades Missouri Gov. Greitens refusing to disclose details of donations for inauguration Capitol notebook: Up with Uber, right to work; KanCare getting intensive care Trump signs ‘new vetting measures’ to guard against ‘radical Islamic terrorists’ KC anti-abortion demonstrators gather in solidarity with D.C. March for Life Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com CBS Evening News with Scott Pelley Full Episodes Interviews On The Road More Washington Business Health About Us The Team Trending Videos CBSN Live » CBS Evening News Impact of Trump's Mexican border tax proposal CBS Evening News "Extreme vetting" ordered CBS Evening News Anxiety for U.S. Muslims CBS Evening News March for Life CBS Evening News Emmett Till case CBS Evening News Roundup warning label On The Road Pro wrestler's day job CBS This Morning Texas officer excessive force CBS This Morning Mylan CEO on EpiPen price hike CBS This Morning Sexist dress codes in U.K.? CBS This Morning GOP lawmakers and Trump CBS Evening News Emmett Till's accuser recants claims that led to his death CBS Evening News On the border: Possible tax on Mexican goods worries some U.S. businesses CBS Evening News Pro wrestler tackles tiny opponents for his day job CBS Evening News Iowa farmer and Trump supporter worried about TPP withdrawal CBS Evening News Vermont town may no longer receive Syrian refugees after Trump order CBS Evening News President Trump says feds may intervene in Chicago CBS Evening News The math doesn't add up for Trump's claims of pipeline jobs CBS Evening News Iraqis fighting ISIS alongside U.S. troops criticize new ban on entering U.S. CBS Evening News John Dickerson on pitfalls of Sean Spicer backing Trump's debunked claims CBS Evening News Automation allows manufacturer to leave China for U.S. CBS Evening News Record number of minority actors nominated for Oscars CBS Evening News Restrictions on EPA communications worry environmentalists By Manuel Bojorquez CBS News January 27, 2017, 7:21 PM On the border: Possible tax on Mexican goods worries some U.S. businesses Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email LAREDO, Texas -- On Friday, there was no dispute, apparently, over who would pay for the call. TheAmerican and Mexican presidents talked by phone -- after the Mexican president canceled a summit meeting in the dispute over who will pay for the wall. The Trump administration is thinking of a tax on Mexican goods, and that worries some American businesses. Every day, more than 5,000 trucks cross the World Trade International Bridge from Mexico into Laredo, Texas -- carrying goods processed by warehouses like Jose Gonzalez’s. “I have merchandise that goes throughout the United States, a lot of these are going to grocery stores,” Gonzales says. Every day, more than 5,000 trucks cross the World Trade International Bridge from Mexico into Laredo, Texas -- carrying goods processed by warehouses. CBS Evening News Gonzalez believes the possible 20 percent import tax on those items might cause a decline in the flow of goods across the border. “We know we are going to take a hit, of a loss of business, we just don’t know how much it will be,” Gonzalez said. The United States imports more than $290 billion worth of goods from Mexico. Cars are the number one import, meaning U.S. autos assembled there could cost thousands more. A tariff could impact food prices too. More than 70 percent of tomatoes come from Mexico, and 90 percent of Haas avocados. And Mexico could retaliate by imposing similar tariffs on goods and services sold from the U.S. Already in Mexico, hashtags saying “adios,” or “goodbye,” to Walmart, Starbucks and Coca-Cola are trending. The United States imports more than $290 billion worth of goods from Mexico.  CBS Evening News President Trump on Friday admitted some of the costs might go to consumers but believed the tax would help the U.S. overall. “They’ve made us look foolish. We have a trade deficit of $60 billion with Mexico,” Mr. Trump said. But David French, with the National Retail Federation, believes a tariff to fund the border wall is risky. “Everybody from the largest retailer down to the smallest retailer has looked at their books and this is unworkable for retailers, and ultimately the consumer is going to be the one who pays the price,” he said. But it’s not just about the price of the goods in these trucks crossing the border. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce estimates that six million U.S. jobs depend on trade with Mexico. © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email More Evening News Pro wrestler tackles tiny opponents for his day job Syther, aka Steve Damico, corrals kindergartners when he's not taking on foes in the ring Vermont town may no longer receive Syrian refugees after Trump order The Khatibs are among the first of 110 refugees planned to be relocated in Rutland, but it’s a process in jeopardy Popular Follow Us icon icon icon icon icon icon Popular on CBS News 01 Badlands National Park Twitter account goes rogue 816608 views 02 Sources say Trump's CIA visit made relations with intel community worse 210728 views 03 Waitress surprised with generous tip, message of unity after inauguration 179380 views 04 Trump on Women’s March: “Why didn’t these people vote?” 119131 views 05 Sean Spicer faces the press at White House briefing: live blog 104274 views Watch CBSN Live Watch CBS News anytime, anywhere with the new 24/7 digital news network. Stream CBSN live or on demand for FREE on your TV, computer, tablet, or smartphone. Watch Now 29 Photos Abortion opponents march in D.C. 13 Photos Apollo 1 tragedy 127 Photos Women's March, in Washington and around the world 90 Photos Inauguration of Donald Trump 31 Photos Cool tech at CES 2017 Previous Next On Twitter Tweets from @CBSNews/evening-news New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Remaking The Q Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections RNC 2016 Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments LPGA 2017: Pure Silk Bahamas Classic live leaderboard, tee times, TV for 3rd round X00141_9.JPG Paula Creamer, 10-time LPGA Tour champion, narrowly missed the cut at Pure Silk Bahamas LPGA Classic 2017. (Dennis Manoloff/PD) Print Email Dennis Manoloff, The Plain Dealer By Dennis Manoloff, The Plain Dealer The Plain Dealer Follow on Twitter on January 28, 2017 at 12:00 AM comments CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Brittany Lincicome led by one shot entering the third round of the Pure Silk Bahamas LPGA Classic on Saturday. The event is the LPGA Tour's season opener. Lincicome shot 64-65 for 17-under at the halfway mark. Lexi Thompson, who posted a 61 on Friday, was second. Gerina Piller was third at 14-under. Ariya Jutanugarn, world No. 2 and the reigning Rolex player of the year, was tied for 68th at 2-under. Jutanugarn, from Thailand, begins her third LPGA Tour season. She won five times in 2016, including three straight starts in May. Two months later, she won the RICOH British Open -- her first major. Pure Silk-Bahamas tee times World No. 1 Lydia Ko is not in the field, but four of the top 10 are. PURE SILK-BAHAMAS LEADERBOARD This is the fifth anniversary of the event. All previous winners are playing. LPGA TOUR PURE SILK-BAHAMAS LPGA CLASSIC Site: Paradise Island, Bahamas. Course: Ocean Club GC. Yardage: 6,625. Par: 73. Purse: $1.4 million (First place: $210,000). Television: Golf Channel (Thursday-Friday, 11:30 a.m. to 2:30 p.m.; Saturday-Sunday, 3-5 p.m.). Defending champion: Hyo Joo Kim. Previous tournament: Charley Hull won the CME Group Tour Championship to end the 2016 season. Notes: This is the first LPGA Tour event of the year, kicking off an international schedule of four tournaments before its first domestic event on March 16-19 in Phoenix, Az. ... U.S. Solheim Cup captain Juli Inkster begins her 35th season on the LPGA Tour by competing in the Bahamas. The Solheim Cup will be played in Iowa in August. ... Stacy Lewis is in the field. The Pure Silk Bahamas LPGA Classic was her 11th runner-up finish dating to her most recent victory -- June 2014 at the Walmart Northwest Arkansas Championship. ... Natalie Gulbis is playing on a sponsor's exemption. ... Also in the field is Michelle Wie, who hasn't won since her U.S. Women's Open title in 2014. Next tournament: ISPS Handa Women's Australian Open, Feb. 13-16. Online: www.lpga.com (The Associated Press contributed to this report.) PGA Leaderboard PGA News | Statistics | LPGA © 2013 STATS LLC. All rights reserved. Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
RedEye Get can't-miss events, buzz on top bars & the hottest restaurants delivered to your inbox Business In the digital age, why do McDonald's suppliers need to be next door? Samantha BomkampContact ReporterChicago Tribune Some McDonald's suppliers think across town is too far away from the world's largest burger chain. After McDonald's announced its intention to leave its Oak Brook headquarters in favor of a modern new structure in one of the trendiest neighborhoods in Chicago, a plan was soon formed by developer Sterling Bay to build a 12-story tower across the street to house companies that do business with McDonald's But why is it so important for companies that work with McDonald's to follow the burger giant when it goes? "When I think about the impact of technology, you could argue it doesn't really matter where you are," said Harry Kraemer Jr., a professor of strategy at Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management. But proximity between the company and its suppliers can make it much easier for the two to work together to resolve any issues that crop up, he said. "If I go in to get a Big Mac, and the lettuce is wilted or the ketchup is off-color, that's going to cause a mammoth problem. If your organization is across the street, it's (a benefit)." McDonald's has more than 14,000 restaurants in the U.S., and 36,000 around the world. It has suppliers worldwide, not just in Chicago and Oak Brook. Tenants for the new West Loop supplier building haven't been revealed, so the companies could not be asked about their motivations for moving. McDonald's 'vendor village' gets city OK despite neighborhood backlash Samantha Bomkamp Plans for McDonald's "vendor village" — a 12-story West Loop building that will house McDonald's suppliers when the chain moves downtown next year — were approved by the City Council on Wednesday, amid a growing neighborhood backlash against the development. Neighbors say the $47.2 million tower,... Plans for McDonald's "vendor village" — a 12-story West Loop building that will house McDonald's suppliers when the chain moves downtown next year — were approved by the City Council on Wednesday, amid a growing neighborhood backlash against the development. Neighbors say the $47.2 million tower,... (Samantha Bomkamp) Keating Crown, a principal with Sterling Bay, said providing space for McDonald's suppliers wasn't a part of the headquarters agreement. "This wasn't something McDonald's asked us to do," he said, adding that the idea was born after McDonald's plan to move downtown became official. "Then we started getting calls" from McDonald's vendors, he said. The burger chain's headquarters is under construction on the site of Oprah Winfrey's former Harpo Studios, at 110 N. Carpenter St. Across the street at 200-210 N. Carpenter will be the building Sterling Bay has informally labeled "vendor village." The plan for that building was approved by the City Council Wednesday. Crown said Sterling Bay is offering other buildings on the Harpo Studios campus for McDonald's vendors as well as a building known as Fulton West — but the "vendor village" building is the main focus because of its floor space, roughly 20,000 square feet per floor. McDonald's officials anticipated that when they announced their move downtown from a 40-year-old Oak Brook campus a number of companies would relocate too. But they underscored that moving closer was never a necessity. 'Vendor village' Sterling Bay A rendering shows the so-called vendor village planned for 200-210 N. Carpenter Str. in Chicago's West Loop. The 12-story building, intended to house suppliers of the burger chain, is just across the street from the new McDonald's headquarters. A rendering shows the so-called vendor village planned for 200-210 N. Carpenter Str. in Chicago's West Loop. The 12-story building, intended to house suppliers of the burger chain, is just across the street from the new McDonald's headquarters. (Sterling Bay) "We look forward to returning our headquarters to Chicago in the spring of 2018 and becoming an integral member of the West Loop community, where we will have a modern environment that fosters connectivity between our employees and gets us closer to our customers," McDonald's said in a statement. "McDonald's enjoys strong relationships with all of our suppliers — near and far — and close proximity to our headquarters has never been a requirement." It's common for suppliers and vendors for large, global companies to situate their offices nearby. Some Wal-Mart suppliers, for example, are located near the retailer's headquarters in Bentonville, Ark. Darren Tristano, president of food industry research firm Technomic, said the need to be close is especially vital for those companies who are dedicated solely to McDonald's. McDonald's wants a single supplier for each of the products it buys, from potatoes to fruit and meat, Tristano said. "That way, there are less issues with quality control." "They further you get from headquarters, generally the lower the quality, consistency and service of your restaurant," he added. "It's the same with suppliers." sbomkamp@chicagotribune.com Twitter @SamWillTravel Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune McDonald's 'The Founder' chronicles McDonald's past, but chain is focused on the future How are the new Mac Jr. and Grand Mac at McDonald's? We dig in McDonald's food you can't get here Breaking Sports Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Business Advertising 24°
