Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Narendra Modi Donald Trump Bahubali 2 Exam results 2017 IPL 2017 News Business News Walmart India plans to open 10 wholesale outlets in Telangana in 5-7 years (Reuters) Shares1 Sun, 30 Apr 2017-09:20am , PTI Each store will create about 2,000 jobs both direct and indirect," Krish Iyer, President and Chief Executive Officer, Walmart India said. Walmart India has plans to open 10 wholesale outlets in Telangana during the next five to seven years with an investment outlay of about $120 million, a top executive of the retail giant said here today. The company today inked an agreement with the Telangana government for setting up ten such stores in the state. "We see potential to open ten stores in the next five to seven years (in Telanagana). Typically each store needs roughly about $10 to $12 million. Each store will create about 2,000 jobs both direct and indirect," Krish Iyer, President and Chief Executive Officer, Walmart India told reporters after signing the MoU. Of the ten, four stores may come up in the state capital Hyderabad, he said. Replying to a query, Iyer said they have plans to open 50 more outlets across the country in the next five to seven years, including these ten. Currently it has 21 cash and carry stores in India. Walmart sources over 95 per cent of the goods from the same country, he added. Telangana Industries Minister K T Rama Rao said the state government is in the process of coming out with a Retail Policy soon. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money Realty lenders seek clarity in Real Estate Regulation and Development Act Money Govt may push for merger of more public sector banks, create few but large lenders Money Walmart India plans to open 10 wholesale outlets in Telangana in 5-7 years Money GST implementation: There are top-level vacancies at Central Board of Excise and Customs Money Outsource government services, bring in private sector talent: Niti Aayog Money FATCA: Get your compliance done today or your bank account will be frozen Live Cricket Score Kings XI Punjab vs Delhi Daredevils Sun, 30 April 2017, 04:00 PM IST Related BSNL to tie-up with cable operators to provide broadband services Google India inks memorandum of understanding with Telangana government Budget 2017: Amaravati farmers get Budget bonanza Video WATCH: This awesome Iron Man suit lets you take flight in real life! Watch: Baby elephant gets attacked by a crocodile. What happened next will make you go aww! WATCH: Baby elephant joins its mother in the cutest elephant attack on safari visitors! View all Tags Telangana Chief Executive Officer Hyderabad Walmart India Krish Iyer K T Rama Rao Rama Rao retail policy Telanagana SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Press been very good under Trump, says WHCA president Normal life hit due to separatists' strike in Kashmir First-ever revenue survey in naxal affected Abujhmad launched Japan warship to escort US supply vessel in Pacific: media Trump invites Philippines' Duterte to Washington for talks Sport Mladenovic halts Sharapova's controversial comeback run at Stuttgart I always have death bowling session at nets: Bumrah Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Sunday, April 30 Soccer-Japanese championship results and standings Bayern Munich seal Bundesliga title after thrashing Wolfsburg 6-0 Entertainment Emma Stone talks about her struggle with anxiety Watson went to princess boot camp for 'Beauty and the Beast' Robert Zemeckis-Steve Carell film to release in November 2018 Aaron Rodgers spotted on golf date with Kelly Rohrbach Orlando Bloom spotted having dinner with mysterious woman Money Petrol and diesel prices to change everyday in these 5 cities from tomorrow RERA comes into force tomorrow, only 13 states notify rules Govt plans to cut coal imports for power PSUs to zero in FY18 Telecom subscriber base in India grows to 1.18 bn in Feb: Trai Chili's to open 5 outlets; targets Rs 100 cr sales in FY18 Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Sport IPL Entertainment Galleries Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai DelhiBengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home Business Walmart unveils mega investment plan for india, to add 50 stores By ENS Economic Bureau  |  Express News Service  |   Published: 29th April 2017 11:37 PM  |   Last Updated: 30th April 2017 06:57 AM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email HYDERABAD: US retail giant Walmart is planning to add 50 retail stores to its existing 21 stores in India over the next three to five years with an outlay of `3,500 crore. Of the 50 new stories being added, 10 will be in Telangana, for which Walmart India signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Telangana government on Saturday. Walmart executives and Telangana government officials signed the MoU in the presence of state Industries Minister K T Rama Rao, President and CEO, Walmart Canada and Asia, Dirk Van den Berghe and President and CEO Walmart India, Krish Iyer.  Talking to reporters, Rajneesh Kumar, senior vice-president and head—corporate affairs, Walmart India, said their focus in South India would be on Telangana and Andhra Pradesh. “We want to set up 50 new stores over the next three to five years. Each retail store will have investment of about $10-12 million and has capacity to create 2,000 to 2500 jobs. We entered into an MoU with Telangana to get hassle free approvals and permissions through single window system for setting up new stores. We also want to work closely with governments and farmers in India. Our aim is to procure the agri-produce directly from farmers and develop an ecosystem,” said Kumar.  He added that the company has already started the process of procuring land for setting up 10 new large-format retail stores in Telangana. “We are focusing on not only metro cities but also tier-2 cities for expanding our retail cash and carry stores network.” Walmart India currently operates 21 cash-and-carry stores in India and its robust expansion plans will take the number to 71. With the retail sector seeing a positive momentum, the Walmart India management is eyeing promising growth prospects in India. It has been working in close coordination with Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh and other state governments as part of its expansion plans.            Walmart India is the wholly owned subsidiary of the world’s leading retailer Walmart Stores Inc. Walmart set up its first store in India in 2009 and it sources 90 per cent of its products locally. O P E N Professional Courses Sponsored link Technology Courses Sponsored link Latest Niti Aayog for simultaneous LS, assembly polls from 2024 Turkish President Recep Erdogan to land in India today Journalist accused of abetting suicide of jawan gets bail One dead as fire guts 30 godowns in Delhi Blast kills US service member at Iraq Syria: Airstrike in Hama kills 8 White Helmets rescuers People who disliked ‘Baahubali 2’ need psychiatric help: RGV Gallery The week that went ahead, through photographs World's greatest living actor Daniel Day-Lewis turns 60 today arrow Videos Pankaj Advani wins silver in Asian Snooker Championship Intelligence Bureau calls for top notch security for Turkey President Recep Tayyip Erdogan arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express.2017 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Samakalika Malayalam | Malayalam Vaarika | Indulgexpress | Edex Live Contact Us | About Us | Careers | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Walmart plans 50 new stores in India in 5 years Walmart plans 50 new stores in India in 5 years The MoU was signed in the presence of Telangana industries minister KT Rama Rao and Walmart Asia and Canada president and CEO Dirk Vandenberghe. By: FE Bureau | New Delhi | Published: April 30, 2017 4:59 AM The MoU was signed in the presence of Telangana industries minister KT Rama Rao and Walmart Asia and Canada president and CEO Dirk Vandenberghe. (PTI) Global retail major Walmart has proposed to set up 50 new stores across the country in the next five years. This would include 10 stores in Telangana, for which the company signed a memorandum of understanding with the state government on Saturday. Walmart currently has 21 stores across the country. The company will invest $10 million to $12 million per store. The MoU was signed in the presence of Telangana industries minister KT Rama Rao and Walmart Asia and Canada president and CEO Dirk Vandenberghe. Walmart India president and CEO Krish Iyer and Telangana IT principal secretary Jayesh Ranjan signed the MoU. The company plans to set up about five stores in Hyderabad and the rest are expected to come up in other cities of Telangana including Karimnagar, Warangal and Nizamabad. Last year, the Telangana government had signed three MoUs with Walmart for setting up of cash-and-carry outlets in the state. Besides, Walmart will help in giving fillip to women entrepreneurship in retail sector, purchase fruits and vegetables. This move is expected to generate 2,000 jobs in the state and will benefit over three lakh kirana stores and resellers. While the land has been finalised for the first store, the company is scouting for suitable land in other parts of Hyderabad and other cities.This is part of the 50 new stores that the company is planning to develop in next five years. It already operates 21 stores in the country. The cash-and-carry stores of Walmart are aimed to help small and medium-sized kirana stores and farmers as well.“Telangana will soon come out with a dedicated retail policy. The retail policy will primarily focus on facilitating business and rolling out stores. Ikea is investing in Hyderabad and many other companies are interested. An industry-friendly policy can help these companies flourish. Walmart, which has now announced its investment plan. will get certain incentives and support from the government. Under the single window system, it will receive speedy clearances, ” Telangana industries minister KT Rama Rao said. The state government’s proactive retail policy will help as a one-stop shop and the fresh expansion is a sign of the progressive industrial policies that Telangana has introduced and trust built in the ecosystem, he added. Telangana is working towards women empowerment through 18,000 women self-help groups (SHGs) and is benefiting about seven million women. No Comments. Trending Now Opposition candidate for President polls will unite parties against BJP: JD(U) leader Sharad Yadav Essar Group seeks Rs 4,000 crore refund from I-T department Government keen to push ahead with more PSB consolidation Guwahati: Silent zone rules imposed around religious places Pope Francis urges international mediation over North Korea crisis Australia probes 'jihadi child threat' video Rail scam: Delhi High Court upholds trial court order allowing CBI plea BSE allows broking, micro-finance companies to list on SME platform Realty lenders seeks clarity in Real Estate Regulation and Development Act Now, regional movies to carry Hindi subtitles or be dubbed CBSE to hold Central Teacher Eligibility Test only once a year Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Are Indians consuming less sweets? Sugar high turns into a crash with longest rout in 56 years Arvind Kejriwal a dangerous idea: No establishment will let him survive Must shun violence, grab opportunities, says Kashmiri who runs mobile TV channel The only real lesson from Donald Trump's 100 days in office Want to move up in your career? Here're 10 sure ways to get to your destination faster Google CEO Sundar Pichai receives nearly $200 million as compensation for last year Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News मन की बात: न्यू इंडिया के लिए मोदी का नया मंत्र- VIP नहीं अब EPI का दौर, यानी Every Person is Important अमित शाह ने बीजेपी मंत्रियों की ली 'क्लास', बोले- जाओ कश्मीर के लोगों से मिलो, उनकी समस्या दूर करो मेरठ: कर्नल के घर छापा, एक करोड़ रु, प्रतिबंधित जानवरों के अंग बरामद, नेशनल शूटर है बेटा Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
AEI Scholars Policy Areas Economics Foreign and Defense Policy Health Care Education Politics and Public Opinion Poverty Studies Society and Culture Events Research Blog Economics Foreign and Defense Policy Politics and Public Opinion Education Society and Culture Carpe Diem Pethokoukis TechPolicyDaily.com Commentary Subscribe My AEI Press Careers Internships For Students About About Leadership Annual Report Contact Directions Related Sites Donate Donate Now Individuals Corporations Foundations Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin YouTube Instagram Feed Subscribe to AEIdeas A public policy blog from AEI Economics Foreign and Defense Policy Politics and Public Opinion Education Society and Culture Carpe Diem Pethokoukis TechPolicyDaily.com Mark J. Perry @Mark_J_Perry April 28, 2017 5:09 pm | AEIdeas About the author Mark J. Perry @Mark_J_Perry Mark J. Perry is concurrently a scholar at AEI and a professor of economics and finance at the University of Michigan's Flint campus. He is best known as the creator and editor of the popular economics blog Carpe Diem. At AEI, Perry writes about economic and financial issues for American.com and the AEIdeas blog.   Mark Perry Tweets Tweets by Mark_J_Perry What’s New on AEI Do minimum wage increases influence worker health? Friday afternoon links How can the US be a global innovation leader despite mediocre global test scores? Of course the Trump tax plan wouldn’t pay for itself. Should we care? More options: Share, Mark as favorite Friday afternoon links View related content: Carpe Diem 1. Graphic of the Day (above) was inspired by a graphic that appeared today in the online version of the Wall Street Journal article “Uber Interviews Heavyweights for a Crucial Job: Handling Travis Kalanick” (graphics didn’t appear in the print edition). The WSJ graphic compared sales revenue during the seventh full calendar year of operations for Uber ($6.5 billion in 2016), Google ($6.1 billion in 2005), Facebook ($3.7 billion in 2011) and Amazon ($3.1 billion in 2001). Those figures aren’t adjusted for inflation, so based on a suggestion from Morganovich, the graphic above shows inflation-adjusted data for the four companies featured by the WSJ, along with some additions: Microsoft, Walmart, Netflix, Home Depot and Apple. Adjusted now for inflation, Uber’s revenues in its seventh year are more than $1 billion lower than Google’s. Main Point: In today’s highly globalized and digitized economy, it’s much easier to grow rapidly from a small base now than it ever was before, and Uber is the most recent and best example of that phenomena. Uber’s revenues in its seventh year of operation in 2016 of $6.5 billion are more than 46 times greater than Walmart’s sales in its seventh year of $141 million (in 2016 dollars). Of course, Walmart was operating brick-and-mortar stores in only four states in its seventh year in 1969, and Uber is a digital-based mobile app transportation company operating now in almost 600 cities worldwide. Just another perspective on how much and how fast things have changed in recent years….. and another example of why it’s such an exciting time to be alive…. HTs: Olivier Ballou for graphical assistance and Morganovich for the idea. 2. Venn Diagram of the Day (above). To help make American businesses more competitive, grow the economy, and create jobs, does President Trump think it’s best to raise or lower taxes on businesses? He seems to feel strongly both ways….. (Remember that “tariffs” and just another word for “taxes” on imported inputs for American businesses.) Related: The WSJ editorial board asks a great question today: “Does Trump know that Mexican tariffs on U.S. goods are close to zero?” Probably not, because the protectionist-in-chief has referred to Nafta as “the worst trade deal in the history of the world,” and keeps threatening to scrap Nafta or renegotiate it to get a “better deal.” But as the WSJ points out “it isn’t clear there’s much better to get. Mexican tariffs on imports of U.S. agricultural products, and most other goods, are nearly zero.” =================================== 3. The Two Most Misunderstood and Misused Economic Terms? In my opinion, it has to be the terms: a) “trade deficit” and b) “trade imbalance,” because those two terms are almost always used to imply incorrectly something negative about the US economy, when in fact there really are no trade “deficits” or “imbalances” once we account for all international transactions for goods, services and financial assets (see chart above). Formula: Current Account + Capital Account = 0 = Balance of Payments. Therefore, whenever you hear somebody talk about the trade deficit or a trade imbalance, it’s almost guaranteed that you’ll hear nothing about the foreign investment inflow that offsets any current account deficit, or the fact that international trade always balances. Part of the problem is that the term “deficit” automatically implies something negative and “surplus” implies something positive, when in fact those terms should be neutral and should not automatically carry any positive or negative connotation. ====================================== 4. San Diego Restaurant Recession? The chart above displays six-month percent changes in: a) San Diego’s restaurant jobs and b) non-restaurant payrolls in San Diego from 2006 to March 2017. While non-food jobs in the San Diego MSA are increasing at a steady rate of about 1% (semi-annually) and 2% annually, restaurant job growth has tanked and fell by 3.5% over the most recent six-month period through March 2017. In terms of jobs, restaurant employment in the San Diego area has fallen by a stunning 4,700 jobs since last September, at a rate of almost 200 job losses per week. During the same period, employment outside the food industry increased by more than 12,000 jobs in San Diego. San Diego’s minimum wage increased last July to $10.50 an hour and then again to $11.50 on January 1 of this year, which might explain at least part of the significant drop in restaurant jobs. Caveat: Employment data from the BLS are only available for the entire Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) of San Diego, and data for just the city are not available. The city minimum wage is now $1 an hour higher than the state minimum wage of $10.50, which just increased on January 1 by 50 cents, and would be in effect outside the city limits. However, a recent San Diego Union-Tribune is reporting that “San Diego’s new minimum wage already may be killing jobs,” here’s a slice: Evidence has emerged of an economic dark side to San Diego’s decision last year to vault over the state minimum wage — it may have already destroyed thousands of jobs for low-wage workers even as higher pay helps tens of thousands of others. Consider the restaurant industry, for example, which economists study because it relies on low-wage workers, yet generally faces no foreign or out-of-state competition. Amid an abrupt slowdown in growth, nearly 4,000 food-service jobs may have been cut or not created throughout San Diego County from the beginning of 2016 through February of this year, according to an analysis of federal payroll data by Lynn Reaser, chief economist of the Fermanian Business & Economic Institute at Point Loma Nazarene University. “This was at a time when both overall economies performed similarly well,” Reaser said. “If job growth in the restaurant sector had just kept pace with the state’s performance … the industry could have created 5,200 jobs instead of the 1,300 that took place.” Last month growth turned negative, as the sector actually lost jobs. Note: The article quoted above was published before employment data were released for March, which reflected San Diego MSA restaurant job losses of another 900 in March, following losses of 1,300 in February, 400 in January, 500 in December, 1,200 in November and 400 in October — that’s a stunning loss of nearly 5,000 restaurant jobs in just six months, so there’s got to be something going on in San Diego. If it’s not the two recent minimum wage increases, what else could be responsible for the city’s “restaurant recession”? ==================================== 5. From a Waitress in Maine to the Do-Gooders and Anointed Ones: “I am a restaurant server, and I don’t need anyone to save me” is the title of her op-ed in the Bangor Daily News about Maine’s new minimum wage law passed last November that will increase the state minimum wage rise to $12 an hour by 2020 and eliminate the tip credit by 2024 (limiting servers’ hourly wage to the state minimum). Here’s a slice: You don’t know me, but I choose to be a server because serving works for me. I love what I do and how much income and flexibility it provides my family. You don’t know that I started working in restaurants at age 15, and 26 years later, I’m still happily employed as a server — by choice. You don’t know that, at 18, I was a single mom and serving provided me the income and flexibility to continue school, work, and raise my daughter. Serving also provided me the income to reach my personal goal of getting off state assistance by the time my daughter turned six. You don’t know that restaurant staff, owners and customers create a family atmosphere. That when my nine-year-old makes the baseball play-offs, and he has a last-minute game, I get my shift switched so I won’t miss his game nor the money. You don’t know that I am able to keep my four-year-old home to avoid high-cost day cares nor that I contribute significantly to my family because of the schedule serving provides. You don’t know these things about me because no one asked. No one asked why I work as a server or what it means to my family. No one asked about the real conditions I work in or how the owner treats me. No one asked, but there are certainly plenty of people telling me what the restaurant industry is like. I am not stuck. I do not need saving. I am not sexually harassed; my boss would never allow that. Restaurant owners are not greedy monsters putting us in unsafe work environments. I make an excellent living at a job I love. I do not make a “subminimum wage.” “Subminimum wage” is for disabled workers who are not able to perform the full duty of a job. By law, as a tipped worker, I am guaranteed to make at least minimum wage. I choose this job because I make much more than that. 6. Cartoon of the Day (above), another great one from the great one himself — Michael Ramirez. ===================================== 7. Economic Outlook Rankings for 2017 are displayed above, from the 10th annual study “Rich States, Poor States” by Art Laffer, Stephen Moore and Jonathan Williams. The “Economic Outlooks” are forecasts based on a state’s current standing in 15 state policy variables including top personal and corporate income tax rates, property and sales tax burdens, debt service as a share of tax revenue, public employees per 10,000, workers’ compensation costs, etc. When the states are ranked, an interesting pattern emerges: the top 14 states with the best economic outlooks this year are all right-to-work states, and the bottom 17 states with the worst economic outlook are all forced-union states. Although there are certainly other factors besides whether a state has right-to-work laws, it’s often been the case that empirical evidence finds that right-to-work states outperform compulsory union states for important economic variables like growth in employment and employee compensation, so the rankings in the table above are not too surprising. ============================================ 8. Energy Charts of the Day (above). The top chart displays oil production in America’s most prolific oil region – the Permian Basin in West Texas – which hasn’t slowed down at all despite the big drop in oil prices from above $100 per barrel as recently as July 2014 to around $50 for the last few years. Based on EIA estimates through next month, the increase in daily output in the Permian Basin over the most recent six month period of more than 260,000 barrels since last November will be the largest six-month increase in Texas history. The increases in Permian Basin oil output have contributed to bringing US oil output up to a 20-month high last week of 9.27 million barrels per day, see the middle chart above. US oil output has increased in each of the last ten weeks — the last period of ten consecutive increases in oil production was back in 2012. And the bottom chart shows how the increases in US oil production have brought petroleum imports down to 23.8% of the total petroleum supplied to the US market in 2017 through March. That’s the lowest share of imported petroleum in almost half a century going all the way back to 1970. Carpe oleum. =========================================== 9. Markets in Everything. Recharge (“luxury hotels unlocked“) is an app that lets users book luxury hotels for 66 cents per minute and just launched in New York City. Interesting idea and the service is not being offered for the reason you’re probably thinking right now…. 10. Interesting Fact of the Day. A stunning number — around 25% of US households — won’t have a traditional TV subscription by the end of 2017 as newer streaming services like Netflix and Amazon Prime Video grow in popularity. Expect the “cord cutting” to continue…. Bonus: Video of the Day from Prager U (below). American Indians are the poorest of all of America’s ethnic groups. Why? After all, the government has granted them massive reservations and created entire agencies to look after them. Well, maybe it’s that stifling government control that impoverishes Indians explains Naomi Schaefer Riley in the video below (“American Indians Are Still Getting a Raw Deal“), based on her book “The New Trail of Tears: How Washington Is Destroying American Indians.” Assorted links Discussion: (27 comments) Barry Bones April 28th, 2017 Governments have to raise a certain amount of coin for their activities be they welfare, education or even the military. The money has to come from somewhere. Trump is lowering taxes overall as well as shifting some of the tax base from personal / company tax to tariffs. He’s doing a good job; just look at GDP stats and the soaring share market. But only complainers here. Always complaining, but never really articulating, “well how would you pay for all of the government activities” (and don’t just say ‘scrap welfare’ because it isn’t practically feasible). Credit where it’s due, Captain Trump has done a great job. Woot Woot !! Reply Share Mark Perry April 28th, 2017 A good job by looking at GDP stats? You’re kidding I guess….. Reply Share Greg April 29th, 2017 Mark, I like the fact that you comment regularly on your own blog. I also like the quality of your blog. You provide a lot of good information. Reply Share morganovich April 29th, 2017 barry- in terms of a place to raise revenue (and i would argue that we already have WAY too much government revenue and should be looking for ways to cut it and cut the absurd spending levels) a tariff is one of the absolute worst one can choose. it inflicts a deadweight loss on consumers 100% of the time, and quite literally breaks the mechanism by which we are all made better off: greater access to trade driving an increase in the overall production and consumption possibility frontiers through comparative advantage. for any given level of spending, tariffs are probably the worst way to fund it and, worse still, will never be able to raise any real revenue. they simply cannot. they destroy the thing they tax too rapidly. GDP just collapsed. did you not see the q1 data? it was the lowest number in 3 years. if 0.7% growth is “soaring” i’d hate to see “tepid”. you are using a straw man argument from a false premise. government spending is what is out of control. revenues are at record levels. there are 100 ways to drop government spending. raise the social security age. pare back medicare and medicaid. cut military spending in half. all this is highly possible and is going to HAVE to happen. entitlements in particular are an actuarial bomb. no tax rate will be able to pay for them. we have what, $80tn of unfunded liabilities? never. gonna. happen. it cannot be paid for so it must be cut. imposing tariffs will, over 10 years, actually reduce overall tax revenues. you get lower growth because the economy is less efficient so you are taking a piece of a smaller future pie from all manner of tax. it’s the equivalent of filling your shoes with cement before you run a race. worse, economic illiterates like you are falling for it. repeating the same nonsense over and over will not make it true. Reply Share Jon Murphy April 29th, 2017 just look at GDP stats and the soaring share market. GDP growth in the 1st quarter was 0.7%. Consumer spending was at the lowest level since the depths of the recession. Reply Share Jon Murphy April 29th, 2017 Governments have to raise a certain amount of coin for their activities be they welfare, education or even the military. The money has to come from somewhere. Trump’s (and your) rhetoric indicate that this is not the reason for the tariffs. Reply Share Jon Murphy April 29th, 2017 Here’s the thing, Barry. Presumably you’re a smart guy (at least, according to you), which makes me wonder why you’re laying down the “tariffs as revenue” smokescreen. It’s clearly a misdirection. The hypocrisy of Trump is not that he wants to use tariffs. It’s that he argues that both high taxes are causing American businesses to be uncompetitive in the global market and that taxing American businesses at higher rates will “make America great again” and strengthen American businesses. This never was, and never will be, a revenue argument. It’s a straight-up contradiction. Now, obviously since I am not on the Trump Train, and since I never ran a business, I must be dumber than you and Trump. So, if the contradiction is obvious to me, it must be blindingly obvious to you and Trump. Which makes me wonder why you trotted out the revenue argument? Do you think me a fool? Reply Share Greg April 29th, 2017 Barry, “well how would you pay for all of the government activities” That is not why you and Trump said you wanted tariffs. Why would you change your reasoning now? BTW, it is silly to lower one tax while raising another to pay for government expenses. “Credit where it’s due, Captain Trump has done a great job.” What has he done? Be specific. The President does not control the stock market or the economy. “Woot Woot !!” I’m glad that you have chosen to update your word choice from the 15th century. Perhaps you ought to update your economics from 15th century mercantilism. Reply Share Walt Greenway April 29th, 2017 “The President does not control the stock market or the economy. “ The long-term performance of the stock market is driven primarily by company earnings, but there’s no doubt the President can cause large daily or short-term swings in the market by saying or doing the right or wrong things. Reply Share Paul April 28th, 2017 2. Reagan, who is quoted here often, cut income taxes early on and then in the next several years raised them in multiple ways, eliminated loopholes, and slapped tariffs on Japanese motorcycles. 7. Economic Outlook Rankings…notice the top 10 are all red states. The bottom ten deep blue. Reply Share Greg April 29th, 2017 Paul, Reagan made mistakes and sometimes pursued politically correct, though economically wrong, policies. He was much better than either Jimmy Carter or Walter Mondale though. This is not a red team vs. blue team issue. The issue is always between the political class and their political cronies vs. those of us who have to pay for their follies. Reply Share Paul April 29th, 2017 Greg, Yes, Reagan, like Trump, was much better than the alternative. And IMHO, Trump is better than Reagan (so far) on some issues. Reply Share Greg April 29th, 2017 Nah. Reagan compromised his principles occasionally to get votes for other priorities like destroying the Soviet Union. Trump is just playing politically correct games to pander to political cronies and his own ego. Trump isn’t even in the ballpark when it comes to Reagan. Reply Share Paul April 29th, 2017 Greg, So the tariffs Reagan slapped on Japanese crotch rockets helped him win the cold war? Come on, man. I guess we’ll have to disagree here. I see Trump proposing to gut the budgets at big gray buildings staffed with liberals like EPA, HUD, HHS, and actually eliminating 62 worthless agencies and programs, and think libertarians might take a shine to him, or at least praise his efforts on issues where they claim to agree. Share Greg April 29th, 2017 Paul, I see that you do not understand the legislative process. You tell the representatives where Harleys are made that you will impose a tariff if they vote for something the President wants even though it is against democratic party ideology. “proposing” That is a key word. I support Trump where he is right and oppose him where he is wrong. Don’t tell me what he intends to do. Wait until he has done it. I am still waiting on the repeal of Obamacare. Share Paul April 29th, 2017 Greg, You tell the representatives where Harleys are made that you will impose a tariff if they vote for something the President wants even though it is against democratic party ideology. Yeah, that’s not how it went down though: “President Reagan today defended his decision to order a tenfold increase in tariffs for heavyweight motorcycles, insisting that it was not a breach of his free-trade policy but only a temporary protection to help American manufacturers to readjust to Japanese competitors.” http://www.nytimes.com/1983/05/11/business/reagan-defends-motorcycle-tariff-steel-quotas.html And here is the great free-trader taking credit for Harley’s comeback: “In a speech to the workers at the end of his visit, the President said: ”Now, there are those in Congress who say our trade policies have not worked, but you, here at Harley-Davidson, are living proof that our laws are working.” And here’s Mises with a long list of Reagan’s protectionist measures that make Trump look like Adam Smith: https://mises.org/library/ronald-reagan-protectionist I support Trump where he is right and oppose him where he is wrong. Well,that’s a start. So do I. Don’t tell me what he intends to do. Wait until he has done it. I am still waiting on the repeal of Obamacare. What was that you said about understanding the legislative process? Share Greg April 29th, 2017 Paul, Reagan made mistakes. He compromised his principles at times to get the votes necessary for other priorities. Trump is not doing that. This is not a red team vs blue team issue. The issue is always politicians and their political cronies vs those of us who have to pay for their follies. Reply Share Greg April 29th, 2017 Wow! There is a significant time delay from making a comment and it getting posted. Reply Share Walt Greenway April 29th, 2017 I can’t figure out where some of my comments go sometimes, but hitting refresh often makes one show up. Reply Share AARGH63 April 29th, 2017 re: Uber Jon Shirley, where are you now. Reply Share Seattle Sam April 29th, 2017 Minimum wage laws and union shop laws both have the same objective — to protect higher skilled workers from having to compete with lower-skilled workers. What is particularly galling is that both are done in the name of helping the very people that are locked out of employment they would otherwise bid for. The politicians who enact these laws see personal advantage in this scheme because the number of people who are priced out of work is much smaller than those who benefit from it. Reply Share John Warren April 29th, 2017 “taxes” is just another word for “tariffs” on domestic production Reply Share MidwestMan April 29th, 2017 Re: Restaurant jobs in San Diego. Wouldn’t other businesses besides restaurants be affected by an increase in minimum wages? Would be interesting to see, say, retail jobs. Reply Share Mark Perry April 29th, 2017 Growth in retail jobs in SD (MSA) has slowed to about 0% in the last year, not the same steep decline as food jobs, but lower growth than average for payrolls in SD. Reply Share Jon Murphy April 29th, 2017 It would be most obvious in restaurant. Approximately 55-60% of jobs in food services are low-skilled. It’s around 33% for retail. Reply Share Vic Volpe April 30th, 2017 #3 — https://fred.stlouisfed.org/graph/?g=dxJK Difference between GDP and GNP — GDP is what Americans (not foreigners) produce in the U.S.; GNP is what Americans produce within the U.S. and overseas in foreign countries (U.S. companies and American investors earning on their foreign investments). Note: The two lines almost overlap up until the mid-2000s (under Bush) and continue under Obama, where they diverge from the earlier trendline by about 40%. Why? Reply Share Benjamin Cole April 30th, 2017 #5 Seems to me both the right-wing and the left-wing want to the oxygen out of the air—when the “other side” wants to speak. I have praised Liberty University for their election-year invite to socialist Bernie Sanders, who went and spoke and was received cordially. That is the model. But I see no Marxist professors on George Mason University staff (Googled it) and if a Marxist was ever invited to speak, it does not show up on Google. Full snowflake jackets come in red and blue. Should not an economics department have the full range of thought? I happen to be a free-marketeer, so much so I oppose property zoning of any kind. That said, Dr. Perry might want to tip his hat to this excellent study: https://www.mercatus.org/system/files/Ikeda-Land-Use-Regulation.pdf Reply Share Leave a comment: Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website AEI 1789 Massachusetts Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20036 © 2017 American Enterprise Institute Close Sort By: Most Recent Relevance Most Recent Least Recent Refine Content: Hot Topics Poverty Studies (177) Marilyn Ware Center For Security Studies (260) Global Internet Strategy (GIS) Project (181) 2016 Presidential Election (1216) Policy Area Economics (18075) Aging (648) Economic Fluctuations and Growth (38) Environmental and Energy Economics (1723) Financial Services (1814) Housing Finance (406) International Economics (1322) Labor Studies (207) Monetary Economics (612) Political Economy (65) Public Economics (2736) Technology and Innovation (857) Education (2806) Economics of Education (30) Higher Education (392) K-12 Schooling (673) Leadership and Innovation (139) Foreign and Defense Policy (15299) Africa (179) Asia (2139) Defense (998) Economic Development (20) Europe and Eurasia (1802) India/Afghanistan/Pakistan (519) Intelligence (80) Latin America (798) Middle East (3626) Terrorism (621) Health Care (4179) Economics Aging (73) Health Economics (103) Politics and Public Opinion (9256) Campaign Finance/Reform (22) Constitution (145) Courts (197) Criminal Justice (3) Elections (2767) Executive Branch (227) Legislature (498) Polls (680) Poverty Studies (1029) Society and Culture (6254) Citizenship (508) Civil Rights (42) Free Enterprise (287) Immigration (102) Race and Gender (308) Religion (473) Scholar mmeyers (2) Grant Addison (1) Joseph Antos (425) Leon Aron (457) Michael Auslin (871) Claude Barfield (499) Michael Barone (1336) Robert J. Barro (7) Roger Bate (857) Eric J. Belasco (4) Richard Bennett (30) Andrew G. Biggs (833) Edward Blum (86) Dan Blumenthal (360) Babette Boliek (4) John R. Bolton (897) Andrew Bowen (17) Karlyn Bowman (2394) Alex Brill (267) Arthur C. Brooks (681) James C. Capretta (334) Timothy P. Carney (465) Walton Chaney (1) Lynne V. Cheney (55) Edward Conard (70) Kevin C. Corinth (52) Maura Corrigan (12) Sarah Crain (1) Mike Daniels (6) Jewel Dauletalina (3) Jason D. Delisle (32) Sadanand Dhume (375) Robert Doar (143) Thomas Donnelly (693) Mackenzie Eaglen (292) Nicholas Eberstadt (540) Jeffrey Eisenach (119) Flavio Felice (86) R. Richard Geddes (70) James K. Glassman (465) Joe Glauber (2) Jonah Goldberg (916) Barry K. Goodwin (8) Scott Gottlieb (603) Phil Gramm (26) Mary Habeck (5) Kevin A. Hassett (1039) Robert B. Helms (129) Frederick M. Hess (1047) R. Glenn Hubbard (155) William Inglee (4) Benedic N. Ippolito (17) Matt Jensen (14) Matthew H. Jensen (32) Frederick W. Kagan (427) Leon R. Kass (91) Andrew P. Kelly (290) Paul H. Kupiec (101) Jon Kyl (35) Desmond Lachman (1190) Roslyn Layton (57) Adam Lerrick (56) Phillip Lohaus (64) Kirsten D. Madison (4) Nat Malkus (86) Aparna Mathur (318) Matt A. Mayer (105) Michael Mazza (250) Rachel M. McCleary (2) J. Matthew McInnis (161) Michael Q. McShane (231) Lawrence M. Mead (16) Bruce D. Meyer (2) John W. Miller (3) Thomas P. Miller (436) Charles Murray (339) Roger F. Noriega (538) Stephen D. Oliner (109) Ed Olsen (3) Norman J. Ornstein (1005) Anthony Paranzino (1) OBallou (29) Mark J. Perry (13406) James Pethokoukis (4414) Tomas J. Philipson (44) Edward J. Pinto (320) Danielle Pletka (1039) AEI Events Podcast (1) Ramesh Ponnuru (474) Ariel Rabkin (17) Angela Rachidi (131) Vincent R. Reinhart (135) Gerard Robinson (133) Dalibor Rohac (137) Michael Rubin (1569) Sally Satel (437) Gary J. Schmitt (641) Mark Schneider (70) David Schoenbrod (25) Derek Scissors (231) Sita Nataraj Slavov (60) Andy Smarick (47) Vincent H. Smith (120) Christina Hoff Sommers (244) Katharine B. Stevens (65) Thomas Peter Stossel (33) Michael R. Strain (263) Ryan Streeter (16) Phillip Swagel (95) Bret Swanson (36) Jim Talent (62) Shane Tews (43) Marc A. Thiessen (1396) Stan Veuger (305) Alan D. Viard (336) Peter J. Wallison (970) W. Bradford Wilcox (107) Wendell L. Willkie II (3) Paul Wolfowitz (185) John Yoo (332) Roger I. Zakheim (35) Madeline Zavodny (24) Weifeng Zhong (24) Katherine Zimmerman (172) Joel M. Zinberg (61) Benjamin Zycher (172) Type Commentary (54757) American Essays (2970) Article (24619) Blog (27168) Event (3144) Multimedia (2537) Banter (169) Datapoint (1024) Events Podcast (57) Infographics (100) Podcast (971) Video (216) Press (3910) Interview (120) Media Appearances (2548) Releases (1242) Research (5587) Book (1482) Journal Publication (117) One Pager (20) Reports (2023) Speech / Testimony (1321) Working Paper (624) Special Feature (116) Date In the last week (103) In the last month (456) In the last year (4932) Earlier (65374) Custom Date Range - Refine Results Additional Keywords: Refine Results Login or Register to save searches. Open Refine Content
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Guwahati declares ‘silent zone’ around all religious places Critics locked up at home, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan arrives today Go meet people in Kashmir Valley, Ladakh and address their concerns, Amit Shah tells BJP state ministers First disposal in cases against AAP: Poll panel clears Manish Sisodia in ‘office of profit’ case In Chhattisgarh, security forces stop road-opening operations Home Business Companies Walmart proposes to establish 50 new stores in India in 5 years Walmart proposes to establish 50 new stores in India in 5 years The company will invest $10 million to $12 million per store. By: ENS Economic Bureau | Hyderabad | Published:April 30, 2017 1:30 am Global retail major Walmart has proposed to set up 50 new stores across the country in the next five years. This would include 10 stores in Telangana, for which the company signed a memorandum of understanding with the state government on Saturday. Walmart currently has 21 stores across the country. The company will invest $10 million to $12 million per store. The MoU was signed in the presence of Telangana industries minister KT Rama Rao and Walmart Asia and Canada president and CEO Dirk Vandenberghe. Walmart India president and CEO Krish Iyer and Telangana information technology principal secretary Jayesh Ranjan signed the MoU. The company plans to set up about five stores in Hyderabad and the rest are expected to come up in other cities of Telangana including Karimnagar, Warangal and Nizamabad. Last year, the Telangana government had signed three MoUs with Walmart for setting up of cash-and-carry outlets in the state. Besides, Walmart will help in giving fillip to women entrepreneurship in retail sector, purchase fruits and vegetables. This move is expected to generate 2,000 jobs in the state and will benefit over three lakh  kirana stores and resellers. While the land has been finalised for the first store, the company is scouting for suitable land in other parts of Hyderabad and other cities. For all the latest India News, download Indian Express App now No Comments. Best of Express PM Modi on Mann ki Baat: In new India, no VIP, only EPI (Every person is Important) EntertainmentBaahubali 2 movie review: Only if Kattappa had killed Baahubali earlier EntertainmentShahid Kapoor celebrates World Dance Day and his new dancing partner is better than his films. Watch video EntertainmentRanveer Singh welcomes Katrina Kaif on Instagram, picks the funniest dialogue from Judwaa. Watch video EntertainmentRana Daggubati is blind in one eye. Baahubali 2 actor makes shocking revelation, watch video Must Read SportsThe Dugout: Cricket’s new war room SportsKohli-led RCB's horror show continues SportsBumrah beards the Lions in their den, wins it for MI TechnologyNew Nintendo 2DS XL FAQ: Everything you need to know TechnologyApple could debut Siri-powered speaker as early as June: Report TechnologyFrom Sundar Pichai to Elon Musk: A look at salaries of top tech CEOs LifestyleLooking Through You Apr 30: Latest News Sunderland down as Hull City hold on for point at Saints Australia probes ‘jihadi child threat’ video Sheffield Wednesday and Reading secure playoff spots as Wigan Athletic go down JKBOSE Class 12th annual regular Jammu division exam 2017: Results declared Sunderland’s Premier League relegation a cause of stagnation                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Just In 23mins I always have death bowling session at nets: Bumrah 44mins Australian police probing ‘jihadi child threat’ video 1hr Syria: airstrike in Hama kills 8 White Helmets rescuers 1hr Journalist accused of abetting suicide of jawan gets bail 2hrs Power to fix age limit of vehicles lies with govt: Centre 2hrs No deals to be signed during Modi’s visit to Lanka: Sirisena 2hrs China-made large amphibious aircraft finishes maiden glide test 3hrs Cuban military plane crash kills 8 troops 3hrs Pierce Brosnan was frustrated with his James Bond films Turkey purges 4,000 civil servants, bans TV dating programmes Bumrah magic enables Mumbai Indians score a ‘Super Over’ win Ban mobile phones for girls: BJP MLA ‘Missing’ Kerala man who joined IS, killed in battle with American forces Japan’s top honour for Ashwani Digvijaya Singh dropped as Congress rejigs State units Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD Telangana retail policy soon Share On JUST IN 23mins I always have death bowling session at nets: Bumrah 44mins Australian police probing ‘jihadi child threat’ video 1hr Syria: airstrike in Hama kills 8 White Helmets rescuers 1hr Journalist accused of abetting suicide of jawan gets bail 2hrs Power to fix age limit of vehicles lies with govt: Centre 2hrs No deals to be signed during Modi’s visit to Lanka: Sirisena 2hrs China-made large amphibious aircraft finishes maiden glide test 3hrs Cuban military plane crash kills 8 troops 3hrs Pierce Brosnan was frustrated with his James Bond films Turkey purges 4,000 civil servants, bans TV dating programmes Bumrah magic enables Mumbai Indians score a ‘Super Over’ win Ban mobile phones for girls: BJP MLA ‘Missing’ Kerala man who joined IS, killed in battle with American forces Japan’s top honour for Ashwani Digvijaya Singh dropped as Congress rejigs State units CLOSE Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam What happens to dust we breathe? News Cities Hyderabad Hyderabad Telangana retail policy soon Special Correspondent HYDERABAD April 30, 2017 00:09 IST Updated: April 30, 2017 08:11 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Towards closer ties: Walmart Asia and Canada president Dirk Van den Berghe and Telangana IT Minister K.T. Rama Rao during the signing of an MoU between Walmart and Telangana Government in Hyderabad on Saturday.   | Photo Credit: K.V.S. GIRI Special Correspondent HYDERABAD April 30, 2017 00:09 IST Updated: April 30, 2017 08:11 IST more-in Policy Watch Telangana Focus on business facilitation, setting up of outlets: KTR A retail policy with its thrust on facilitation measures for companies planning to invest in and opening outlets is being readied by the Telangana government. The draft is ready and the policy will be launched soon, Industries Minister K.T. Rama Rao announced here on Saturday during the signing of a memorandum of understanding MoU between retail major Walmart and the State Government. The Walmart, which now has a store in Hyderabad, has decided to set up 10 more such cash and carry wholesale facilities in different parts of the State over the next 5 to 7 years. Apart from growing its operations, including enhanced sourcing from the State, the company would be working with small and marginal farmers; provide training and education to all the stakeholders and launch entrepreneurship development programme for women. Speedy clearances Noting that Swedish home furnishing company IKEA had decided on Hyderabad to set up its first store in the country and many more retailers were also looking at Telangana, the IT Minister said that the policy would help in setting up operations quickly. The focus will be on providing speedy clearances. The Walmart, he said, may require to soon rework its expansion plans to set up more stores in the backdrop of the country’s economic growth and some States like Telangana growing at a faster pace. Welcoming the company’s decision to work with small and marginal farmers and extending the State Government’s support, he said that the Chief Minister was in the process of drafting a plan to build model farmers’ organisations at the village, mandal, district and the State level. Industries Secretary Jayesh Ranjan and President and CEO of Walmart India Krish Iyer exchanged the MoU documents. President Walmart Asia and Canada Dirk Van den Berghe said the Walmart pursued a policy of investing in the local communities, building stores and training people besides developing suppliers. The focus is on increasing the sourcing from India and thus providing an opportunity to the suppliers to export, he said, adding Walmart was present in 28 countries. Five stores in Hyderabad Mr. Iyer said the Walmart would work with kirana shops, mom and pop shops, hotels, restaurants, caterers and institutions in helping them grow their business by selling them quality merchandise at competitive prices. Of the 10 stores, four will come in Hyderabad taking the number of facilities in the city to five. On the proposed stores in the State, Senior Vice President and Head Corporate Affairs of Walmart India Rajneesh Kumar said properties for two stores in Hyderabad as well as one each in Warangal, Karimnagar and Nizamabad had been finalised. Post a Comment More In Telangana Hyderabad Hyderabad retail Related Articles << Previous Story Telangana retail policy soon Next Story >> Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | Apr 30, 2017 12:30:11 PM | http://www.thehindu.com/news/cities/Hyderabad/telangana-retail-policy-soon/article18315889.ece © The Hindu Why did Katappa kill Baahubali? The answer is there on cinema screens Suresh Krishnamoorthy It’s an endless wait on the roads Why do city buses come in bunches, asks Mamatha (19), a first-year degree student? Very rarely do I get the choice of my bus within a few minutes, she Special Correspondent Top Picks in The Hindu today In Japan, the reign of the toilet god Don’t borrow words, let’s make our own: AP government An entire Karnataka village turns to cooking to eke out a living, tastes success The week in cinemas: Prabhas’s next, Jyothika on a roll and more... Unusual vocation: Life as a monk and Knight of Malta Never write off champions like Dhoni, says Ponting Baahubali 2: a befitting conclusion Puducherry reaches into its past for a smart future People leave drought-affected villages in search of livelihood As a bridge comes up over troubled waters CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2017, The Hindu
null
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Narendra Modi Donald Trump Bahubali 2 Exam results 2017 IPL 2017 News Business News Walmart India plans to open 10 wholesale outlets in Telangana in 5-7 years (Reuters) Shares1 Sun, 30 Apr 2017-09:20am , PTI Each store will create about 2,000 jobs both direct and indirect," Krish Iyer, President and Chief Executive Officer, Walmart India said. Walmart India has plans to open 10 wholesale outlets in Telangana during the next five to seven years with an investment outlay of about $120 million, a top executive of the retail giant said here today. The company today inked an agreement with the Telangana government for setting up ten such stores in the state. "We see potential to open ten stores in the next five to seven years (in Telanagana). Typically each store needs roughly about $10 to $12 million. Each store will create about 2,000 jobs both direct and indirect," Krish Iyer, President and Chief Executive Officer, Walmart India told reporters after signing the MoU. Of the ten, four stores may come up in the state capital Hyderabad, he said. Replying to a query, Iyer said they have plans to open 50 more outlets across the country in the next five to seven years, including these ten. Currently it has 21 cash and carry stores in India. Walmart sources over 95 per cent of the goods from the same country, he added. Telangana Industries Minister K T Rama Rao said the state government is in the process of coming out with a Retail Policy soon. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money Realty lenders seek clarity in Real Estate Regulation and Development Act Money Govt may push for merger of more public sector banks, create few but large lenders Money Walmart India plans to open 10 wholesale outlets in Telangana in 5-7 years Money GST implementation: There are top-level vacancies at Central Board of Excise and Customs Money Outsource government services, bring in private sector talent: Niti Aayog Money FATCA: Get your compliance done today or your bank account will be frozen Live Cricket Score Kings XI Punjab vs Delhi Daredevils Sun, 30 April 2017, 04:00 PM IST Related BSNL to tie-up with cable operators to provide broadband services Google India inks memorandum of understanding with Telangana government Budget 2017: Amaravati farmers get Budget bonanza Video WATCH: This awesome Iron Man suit lets you take flight in real life! Watch: Baby elephant gets attacked by a crocodile. What happened next will make you go aww! WATCH: Baby elephant joins its mother in the cutest elephant attack on safari visitors! View all Tags Telangana Chief Executive Officer Hyderabad Walmart India Krish Iyer K T Rama Rao Rama Rao retail policy Telanagana SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Press been very good under Trump, says WHCA president Normal life hit due to separatists' strike in Kashmir First-ever revenue survey in naxal affected Abujhmad launched Japan warship to escort US supply vessel in Pacific: media Trump invites Philippines' Duterte to Washington for talks Sport Mladenovic halts Sharapova's controversial comeback run at Stuttgart I always have death bowling session at nets: Bumrah Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Sunday, April 30 Soccer-Japanese championship results and standings Bayern Munich seal Bundesliga title after thrashing Wolfsburg 6-0 Entertainment Emma Stone talks about her struggle with anxiety Watson went to princess boot camp for 'Beauty and the Beast' Robert Zemeckis-Steve Carell film to release in November 2018 Aaron Rodgers spotted on golf date with Kelly Rohrbach Orlando Bloom spotted having dinner with mysterious woman Money Petrol and diesel prices to change everyday in these 5 cities from tomorrow RERA comes into force tomorrow, only 13 states notify rules Govt plans to cut coal imports for power PSUs to zero in FY18 Telecom subscriber base in India grows to 1.18 bn in Feb: Trai Chili's to open 5 outlets; targets Rs 100 cr sales in FY18 Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
MCD elections results | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Education More... MultimediaScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Industry Last Modified: Sat, Apr 29 2017. 10 11 PM IST Wal-Mart to open 10 cash-and-carry stores in Telangana Wal-Mart signs MoU with the government of Telangana to set up 10 cash-and- carry stores across the state in the next five years Subscribe to our newsletter. Yunus Lasania File photo. Wal-Mart ,which currently has 21 operational stores in India, will also open another 50 stores during the same period. Photo: Bloomberg Hyderabad: Retail giant Wal-Mart India Pvt. Ltd, a subsidiary of Wal-Mart Stores Inc., signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the government of Telangana on Saturday to set up 10 cash-and-carry stores across the state in the next five years. The company, which currently has 21 operational stores in India, will also open another 50 stores during the same period, said company executives. “Ten stores is a big commitment. Four of them will be set-up in Hyderabad, while the others will come up in districts of Karimnagar, Nizamabad and other places,” said Krish Iyer, president and CEO, Wal-Mart India. The company will invest between $10 to 12 million per store. Dirk Van den Berghe, executive vice-president and president and CEO, Wal-Mart-Canada and Asia, who was also present at the event, said that the retail giant wants to invest more in local communities and it has a presence in 28 countries across the world. “The state under the leadership of the Chief Minister will also bring out a new retail policy soon to do business easily. It will have a heavy focus on better facilitation and speedy clearances,” said Telangana information technology (IT) minister K.T. Rama Rao. He added that Wal-Mart’s forte is to start new stores in Tier-2 and 3 cities or small places. Rao also mentioned that the state government will soon establish farmer organisations, and hoped that Wal-Mart India can also help small marginal farmers across Telangana. “We see double-digit growth in India in the coming days. The retail sector is a $600 billion sector of which 8% organised trade and 92% traditional trade,” Rajneesh Kumar, senior vice-president and head, corporate affairs, Wal-Mart India. Around 92 % of the retail industry comprises ‘Kirana’ stores, which Wal-Mart India with its cash and carry model is looking to serve them, said Kumar. “There are a lot of approvals to set-up new stores. Ideally it takes us 2 to 3 years to start a new one. If there is a good retail policy, then the time can be crunched,” he added. The first and only Wal-Mart cash and carry store was opened in Hyderabad in 2012. Metro Cash and Carry India Pvt. Ltd, the local arm of the German retailer, has 23 stores in India and plans to open 50 stores by 2020, increasing its share of the $2-billion organized wholesale cash and carry market, its CEO Arvind Mediratta told Mint in an interview in March. Yunus Lasania Topics: Wal-Mart Telangana cash and carry stores Wal-Mart stores retail More From Livemint READ MORE Presidential polls 2017: Opposition candidate will unite parties against BJP, says Sharad Yadav India eyes all-electric car fleet by 2030, says Piyush Goyal Global pension funds scout for deals in India’s solar power sector First Published: Sat, Apr 29 2017. 08 00 PM IST Editor's Picks RBI’s Viral Acharya calls for reprivatization of nationalized banks Tata-Docomo case: Delhi HC rejects RBI plea, clears $1.17 billion arbitration award Examining the China-North Korea oil arrangement and how it may not last Latest News India eyes all-electric car fleet by 2030, says Piyush Goyal Global pension funds scout for deals in India’s solar power sector Govt keen to push ahead with more PSB consolidation ASEAN gives Beijing a pass on South China Sea dispute, cites ‘improving cooperation’ Outsource govt services, bring in private sector talent: Niti Aayog Mint On Sunday The private lives of Delhi’s LGBT youth Getting Justin Bieber to India is very, very hard work 2003 World Cup final: If only India had chosen to bat first... E. coli: Why so famous? Maria Sharapova returns, so do the questions Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » India Business News » Walmart to open 50 new stores in India Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India IndusInd Q4 net profit up 21% Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal Walmart to open 50 new stores in India Global retail giant Walmart will set up 50 new stores across India, including 10 in Telangana, over the next three to four years, a top company official said on Saturday. The US retailer signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Telangana government for the 10 stores.IANS | Apr 29, 2017, 06.31 PM IST Picture for representation only. HYDERABAD: Global retail giant Walmart will set up 50 new stores across India, including 10 in Telangana, over the next three to four years, a top company official said on Saturday. The US retailer signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Telangana government for the 10 stores. It will invest $10 to $12 million in each store, which would create direct and indirect employment for 2,000 people. Walmart currently has 21 stores in India, including one in Hyderabad. Spread over 50,000 to 60,000 square feet, each store serves 300,000 customers including 30,000 kirana shops. Walmart executives and Telangana government officials signed the MoU in the presence of state Industries Minister K.T. Rama Rao, President and CEO, Walmart Canada and Asia, Dirk Van den Berghe, and President and CEO Walmart India, Krish Iyer. Dirk said Walmart was committed to India and the country with its efficient economy was an important market for them. Stating that Walmart has presence in 28 countries, he said it would continue to invest more in India in local communities, build businesses, train people and develop suppliers. Krish Iyer said four of the 10 new stores planned in Telangana would come up in Hyderabad. Walmart is looking at Tier-II cities like Warangal, Karimnagar and Nizamabad to open the new stores. He said the company would work with kirana shops, hotels, restaurants, caterers, offices and institutions to help them grow their business by selling them merchandise of highest quality at low prices. Walmart is currently sourcing 97 percent of the products within India. As much as 15 percent of its merchandise is sourced from the region where its store is located. He said under direct farm programme, Walmart will work with small and marginal farmers and offer training and education to all stakeholders in the value chain. It will also work for the economic empowerment of women and launch its women entrepreneurship development program. K.T. Rama Rao said Telangana government would soon come out a retail policy to help build a proper solid base for opening more retail outlets in the state. He said the government was in talks with various retail players and they were seeking specific retail policy to help them with speedy clearances and incentives. Later, talking to reporters, Rajneesh Kumar, Senior Vice President and Head Corporate Affairs, Walmart India, said their focus in South India would be on Telangana and Andhra Pradesh. The company has already signed a MoU with Andhra Pradesh. In north India, Walmart is focusing on Uttar Pradesh, Haryana and Punjab. It already has MoUs with Haryana and Punjab. Maharashtra is another state that Walmart will be focusing on for its expansion plans. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Actresses who rejected roles opposite the Khans BOLLYWOODUNION 25 of Hollywood's Longest Marriages Womens Forum What Does Crystal Cruises Do With All Their Unsold Cabins Cruise Sponsored Ads More from The Times of India Bani J sweats it out in the gym like a boss - Times of India The cancer that killed actor Vinod Khanna Indian-American teacher jailed for wire fraud From the Web More From The Times of India Actresses who rejected roles opposite the three KhansBOLLYWOODUNION Inside Look at 2017 Luxury CarsSearch Luxury Auto Sponsored Ads 20 Jaw Dropping Celebrity Living Rooms (PHOTOS)Lonny The Best SUV Crossovers of 2017New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads Mummy Zebra Gets Revenge On Baby's AttackerMozo Travel First direct London-China train completes 12,000-km run Sanjeev Gupta on US acquisition spree Indian-origin soldier in UK jailed for killing ex-girlfriend Sachin Tendulkar at MRF Limited in Delhi - Times of India Naagin Latest Updates & Tweets - The Times of India ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular First direct London-China train completes 12,000km-run Veteran actor Vinod Khanna passes away, he was suffering from cancer Udaipur boy Kalpit Veerval tops JEE-Main with 100% score 7 bollywood celebrities with royal background Ad: CRITICSUNION Sensex slips below 30,000, Nifty50 manages to hold 9,300 The domestic equity market ended in the red for a second straight day on Friday owing to profit taking at the higher levels by investors. BSE benchmark Sensex shed 111 points to settle below its milestone the 30,000-mark at 29,918.40. The broader Nifty50 of National Stock Exchange shed 38 points, but closed above the 9,300 level, at 9,304.05, with 28 constituents in the green. Delhi HC accepts Tata-Docomo agreement, rejects RBI objection The Delhi High Court has accepted the consent terms of Tata Sons and NTT Docomo, ending a long standing battle between India’s oldest business house and Japanese telecom firm. The court dismissed Reserve Bank of India’s objection to a pact From around the Web What Really Happened Behind The Scenes Of The West Wing Two Red Dots Our Best One-Pot Meals Cooking Channel Substance Abuse Convenience For Clifton Residents Substance Abuse Ads 20 Forbidden Places You Are Not Allowed To Go HistoryInOrbit.com More From The Times of India OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India Shikha Singh quits 'Kumkum Bhagya' - Times of India Read MoreWalMart IndiaWalmart in Telanganawalmartmemorandum of understandingGlobal retail giant Walmart Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Need policies to ensure farmers get better prices: Panagariya Jet's Indian pilots reverse decision of not flying with expat pilots from May 1 Sudarshan Chemicals revamps R&D centre at a cost of Rs 50 crore Gold extends gains on positive global cues, jewellers' buying 1Walmart to open 50 new stores in India 2Need policies to ensure farmers get better prices: Panagariya 3Jet's Indian pilots reverse decision of not flying with expat pilots from May 1 4Sudarshan Chemicals revamps R&D centre at a cost of Rs 50 crore 5Gold extends gains on positive global cues, jewellers' buying Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Yogi Adityanath SRK TED Talk Robert Vadra Dawood Ibrahim Sajjan Jindal SRH vs KXIP Live Score: RPS vs RCB RCB vs RPS MI vs GL Sonika Chauhan Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web ICC Champions Trophy CRPF JEE Mains 2017 Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos How to get Pregnant Tollywood News Kollywood News Mollywood News Trending topics Vinod Khanna IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table Chhota Rajan RCB vs SRH Live Score Baahubali 2 Collection xXx Baahubali 2 Review Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Just In 22mins I always have death bowling session at nets: Bumrah 42mins Australian police probing ‘jihadi child threat’ video 1hr Syria: airstrike in Hama kills 8 White Helmets rescuers 1hr Journalist accused of abetting suicide of jawan gets bail 2hrs Power to fix age limit of vehicles lies with govt: Centre 2hrs No deals to be signed during Modi’s visit to Lanka: Sirisena 2hrs China-made large amphibious aircraft finishes maiden glide test 3hrs Cuban military plane crash kills 8 troops 3hrs Pierce Brosnan was frustrated with his James Bond films Turkey purges 4,000 civil servants, bans TV dating programmes Bumrah magic enables Mumbai Indians score a ‘Super Over’ win Ban mobile phones for girls: BJP MLA ‘Missing’ Kerala man who joined IS, killed in battle with American forces Japan’s top honour for Ashwani Digvijaya Singh dropped as Congress rejigs State units Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD Walmart signs pact to set up 10 wholesale stores in Telangana Share On JUST IN 22mins I always have death bowling session at nets: Bumrah 42mins Australian police probing ‘jihadi child threat’ video 1hr Syria: airstrike in Hama kills 8 White Helmets rescuers 1hr Journalist accused of abetting suicide of jawan gets bail 2hrs Power to fix age limit of vehicles lies with govt: Centre 2hrs No deals to be signed during Modi’s visit to Lanka: Sirisena 2hrs China-made large amphibious aircraft finishes maiden glide test 3hrs Cuban military plane crash kills 8 troops 3hrs Pierce Brosnan was frustrated with his James Bond films Turkey purges 4,000 civil servants, bans TV dating programmes Bumrah magic enables Mumbai Indians score a ‘Super Over’ win Ban mobile phones for girls: BJP MLA ‘Missing’ Kerala man who joined IS, killed in battle with American forces Japan’s top honour for Ashwani Digvijaya Singh dropped as Congress rejigs State units CLOSE Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes What happens to dust we breathe? Business Industry Industry Walmart signs pact to set up 10 wholesale stores in Telangana Special Correspondent HYDERABAD April 29, 2017 18:46 IST Updated: April 29, 2017 18:47 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Special Correspondent HYDERABAD April 29, 2017 18:46 IST Updated: April 29, 2017 18:47 IST more-in Plans 71 stores in India over the next five to seven years. Global retail major Walmart will open 10 cash and carry wholesale stores in Telangana over the next five to seven years, the company’s India President and CEO Krish Iyer said on Saturday. Four of them will come up in Hyderabad, the capital city that hosts the lone facility of Walmart in the State. Typically the investment will $10-12 million per store, Mr. Iyer said at the signing of an agreement with the State government here. Warangal, Karimnagar and Nizamabad, among tier-II and III cities, are locations where other stores are to be set up in Telangana. Job opportunities, direct as well as indirectly, for 2,000 people would be created by each store, he added. The size of the stores is in the range of 50,000-60,000 sq ft each. For Walmart, Telangana and Andhra Pradesh in south India, Punjab, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh in the north and Maharashtra are the focus States for expansion. It plans to add 50 more facilities thus taking the number of wholesale stores in the country to 71 in the next 5-7 years. “We are ready for rapid growth of our business... look forward to working with small mom and pop shops, SMEs,” Mr.Iyer said. Post a Comment More In Business Telangana Industry Related Articles << Previous Story Mull privatising PSBs: Acharya Next Story >> SAIL pins hopes on Tasra coking coal project Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | Apr 30, 2017 12:28:38 PM | http://www.thehindu.com/business/Industry/walmart-signs-pact-to-set-up-10-wholesale-stores-in-telangana/article18308200.ece © The Hindu Hybrids, crossover concept cars steal the show The Auto Shanghai 2017 show was held at the National Exhibition and Convention Center in Shanghai, China on April 19, 2017. This is the global Top Picks in The Hindu today In Japan, the reign of the toilet god Don’t borrow words, let’s make our own: AP government An entire Karnataka village turns to cooking to eke out a living, tastes success The week in cinemas: Prabhas’s next, Jyothika on a roll and more... Unusual vocation: Life as a monk and Knight of Malta Never write off champions like Dhoni, says Ponting Baahubali 2: a befitting conclusion Puducherry reaches into its past for a smart future People leave drought-affected villages in search of livelihood As a bridge comes up over troubled waters Close X Next Story >> SAIL pins hopes on Tasra coking coal project CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2017, The Hindu
Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest News Compare India Lifestyle World Business Photos Azlan Shah 2017 GIRS 2017 Dubai IPL 2017 Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest NewsCompare IndiaLifestyleWorldBusinessPhotosAzlan Shah 2017GIRS 2017 DubaiIPL 2017 Latest News Compare India Lifestyle World Business Photos Azlan Shah 2017 GIRS 2017 Dubai IPL 2017 Walmart to Open 50 New Stores in India Soon Policy Should be Broad and Flexible Like English and Hinduism: Sanjeev Sanyal Thomas Cook India Group Inks Agreement With Kuoni Govt Wants Apple to Consider New Policy For Local Manufacturing News18 » Business 1-min read Walmart to Open 50 New Stores in India Soon IANS Updated: April 29, 2017, 5:27 PM IST Walmart currently has 21 stores in India, including one in Hyderabad. (Photo: Reuters) Hyderabad: Global retail giant Walmart will set up 50 new stores across India over the next three to four years, a top company official said on Saturday. The new stores would include 10 in Telangana, for which the US retailer signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the state government. It will invest $10 to $12 million in each store, which would create direct and indirect employment for 2,000 people. Walmart currently has 21 stores in India, including one in Hyderabad. Walmart executives and Telangana government officials signed the MoU in the presence of state Industries Minister K.T. Rama Rao, President and CEO, Walmart Canada and Asia, Dirk Van den Berghe and President and CEO Walmart India, Krish Iyer. Talking to reporters on the sidelines, Rajneesh Kumar, Senior Vice President and Head Corporate Affairs, Walmart India, said their focus in South India would be on Telangana and Andhra Pradesh. The company has already signed a MoU with Andhra Pradesh. In north India, Walmart is focusing on Uttar Pradesh, Haryana and Punjab. It already has MoUs with Haryana and Punjab. Maharashtra is another state that Walmart will be focusing on for its expansion plans. Krish Iyer said four of the 10 new stores planned in Telangana would come up in Hyderabad. Walmart is looking at tier-II cities like Warangal, Karimnagar and Nizamabad to open the new stores. Dirk Van den Berghe Krish Iyer KT Rama Rao Walmart First Published: April 29, 2017, 5:22 PM IST Read full article Next Story Recommended For You New Chevrolet Beat to Launch in India on May 25 Sonam Posts Emotional Message On Her Maternal Grandmother's Demise Sunderland Relegated from Premier League After 10 Seasons Jennifer Lopez's Latest Outfit Proves There's No One As Bold As Her Watch Harbhajan Singh's Special Act as Rohit Celebrates Birthday About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Highlights of Global Natural Resources Conclave 2017 Watch Harbhajan Singh's Special Act as Rohit Celebrates Birthday Mann Ki Baat: Think Out-of-the-box This Vacation, Says PM Modi 117 kg Nilgai Meat, Rs 1 Crore Cash Seized from Retired Armyman's House Priyanka to Rajkummar: Bollywood Actors Who've Mastered Roles in Disguise Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp E-Learning Franchise Opportunity CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio Find Company: 23abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Walmart to invest $100-120 million in Telangana to open 10 stores G Naga Sridhar comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Hyderabad, April 29:   Global retailer, Walmart will invest about $100-120 million in Telangana in setting up 10 new cash and carry stores. A Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) was singed by Walmart with Government of Telangana in this regard here on Saturday. ``While we don’t disclose numbers, each store will need about $10-12 million to set up,’’ Krish Iyer, President and Chief Executive Officer, Walmart India told newspersons after signing the MoU. The MoU will facilitate single-window clearance for Walmart for setting up new stores which will come up in Hyderabad, Karimnagar, Nizamabad and Warangal, among others, over next five to seven years. Walmart now has one store in the state capital. ``Our focus is always on small towns. Each store will create 2000 jobs. We will work with the owners of kirana shops, small and marginal farmers and women entrepreneurs,’’ he said. Walmart which has 21 stores across the country now, will also ramp up their number to 50 in next five years. It generally sources 97 per cent of products within the country including 15 per cent from the region in which it operates. Walmart will continue to evaluate India’s FDI policy in retail, he added. Dirk Van den Berghe, EVP & Regional CEO - Canada & Asia and President & CEO of China for Walmart said India has always been an important place for Walmart and it will continue to invest to build stores and develop suppliers. ``We are increasing our focus on outsourcing from India,’’ he said. K T Rama Rao, Minister for IT and Industries, Government of Telangana said a comprehensive retail policy will be announced by the Government soon to promote ease of doing business for retailers. (This article was published on April 29, 2017) Post Comment Related NEWS Centre notifies relaxed foreign investment norms in key sectors Walmart India awaits FDI policy guidelines for marketing food products TOPICS advertising and marketing | retailing | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. VIDEO Video: The Mystery Behind Mistry's Exit more videos» MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED GM’s exit from Halol puts the brakes on workers’ lives Insolvency regime: Expect information utilities to take off in two months, says IBBI Chief Sahoo JSW Energy’s Q4 net plunges 91.74% to Rs 24.76 cr Kinetic electric launches lithium ion battery three-wheeler Walmart to invest $100-120 million in Telangana to open 10 stores IKEA looking to source bamboo, indigenous wood species from India Coca-Cola India shakes up top-level management FMCG major Emami reworks overseas strategy Kia to start India campaign in AP with $1.1-b plant Kokuyo Camlin opens Rs 100-cr plant at Patalganga DATA BANK Cross Currency Rate Indian Rupees Australian Dollar Canadian Dollar Danish Kroner Euro Hong Kong Dollar Indonesian Rupiah Japanese Yen New Zealand Dollar Norwegian Kroner Pound Sterling Singapore Dollar South Korean Won Swadish Kroner Swiss Franc Thai Baht US Dollar Chinese Yuan Arab Emirates Dirham Exchange Rate Dollar Spot Forward Rate Open-Ended Mutual Funds LATEST NEWS Niti Aayog for judicial performance index to check pendency 6 min. ago No place for VIP culture in New India; Every Person is Important: PM 27 min. ago NITI Aayog for simultaneous LS, Assembly polls from 2024 27 min. ago Power to fix age limit of vehicles lies with the govt: Centre 42 min. ago FPI net inflow at $3.5 bn in April 48 min. ago More » From Business Wire Ten more financial institutions join Ripple's Global Payments Network Mech Mocha raises $ 5 million series A funding from Accel Partners, Shunwei Capital, Blume Ventures AIMCAL Marketing Excellence Award 2017 to Uflex for 3 Dimensional slide to close Zipper Bag with a Side Gusset Handle BMW Group signs an international agreement with Aditya Birla Group Arjan Garh metro station's artistic makeover underway with an Indo-Singapore collaboration O P E N close Recent Article in Companies Essar Group seeks Rs 4,000-cr refund from I-T dept The Ruias-owned Essar Group is seeking a refund of Rs 4,000 crore in capital gains tax deducted six years ago when it sold stake in tele... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Walmart to open 50 new stores in India soon Walmart to open 50 new stores in India soon The new stores would include 10 in Telangana, for which the US retailer signed a MoU with the state government. It will invest $10 to $12 million in each store, which would create direct and indirect employment for 2,000 people. By: IANS | Hyderabad | Published: April 29, 2017 5:32 PM Global retail giant Walmart. (Reuters) Global retail giant Walmart will set up 50 new stores across India over the next three to four years, a top company official said on Saturday. The new stores would include 10 in Telangana, for which the US retailer signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the state government. It will invest $10 to $12 million in each store, which would create direct and indirect employment for 2,000 people. Walmart currently has 21 stores in India, including one in Hyderabad. Walmart executives and Telangana government officials signed the MoU in the presence of state Industries Minister K.T. Rama Rao, President and CEO, Walmart Canada and Asia, Dirk Van den Berghe and President and CEO Walmart India, Krish Iyer. Talking to reporters on the sidelines, Rajneesh Kumar, Senior Vice President and Head Corporate Affairs, Walmart India, said their focus in South India would be on Telangana and Andhra Pradesh. The company has already signed a MoU with Andhra Pradesh. Also watch: In north India, Walmart is focusing on Uttar Pradesh, Haryana and Punjab. It already has MoUs with Haryana and Punjab. Maharashtra is another state that Walmart will be focusing on for its expansion plans. Krish Iyer said four of the 10 new stores planned in Telangana would come up in Hyderabad. Walmart is looking at tier-II cities like Warangal, Karimnagar and Nizamabad to open the new stores. No Comments. Trending Now Opposition candidate for President polls will unite parties against BJP: JD(U) leader Sharad Yadav Essar Group seeks Rs 4,000 crore refund from I-T department Government keen to push ahead with more PSB consolidation Guwahati: Silent zone rules imposed around religious places Pope Francis urges international mediation over North Korea crisis Australia probes 'jihadi child threat' video Rail scam: Delhi High Court upholds trial court order allowing CBI plea BSE allows broking, micro-finance companies to list on SME platform Realty lenders seeks clarity in Real Estate Regulation and Development Act Now, regional movies to carry Hindi subtitles or be dubbed CBSE to hold Central Teacher Eligibility Test only once a year Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Are Indians consuming less sweets? Sugar high turns into a crash with longest rout in 56 years Arvind Kejriwal a dangerous idea: No establishment will let him survive Must shun violence, grab opportunities, says Kashmiri who runs mobile TV channel The only real lesson from Donald Trump's 100 days in office Want to move up in your career? Here're 10 sure ways to get to your destination faster Google CEO Sundar Pichai receives nearly $200 million as compensation for last year Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News मन की बात: न्यू इंडिया के लिए मोदी का नया मंत्र- VIP नहीं अब EPI का दौर, यानी Every Person is Important अमित शाह ने बीजेपी मंत्रियों की ली 'क्लास', बोले- जाओ कश्मीर के लोगों से मिलो, उनकी समस्या दूर करो मेरठ: कर्नल के घर छापा, एक करोड़ रु, प्रतिबंधित जानवरों के अंग बरामद, नेशनल शूटर है बेटा Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Business-Economy Modi urges Muslims not to politicise triple talaq Business Standard Walmart to open 50 new stores in India soon IANS  |  Hyderabad  April 29, 2017 Last Updated at 16:46 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UV5Gl1 ALSO READ Walmart pledges support to women-owned businesses in India Demonetisation, GST to help retail sector: Walmart India CEO GST rates: Walmart says progressive, cola makers cautious 32 women entrepreneurs graduate from Walmart's programme Walmart to create 10,000 jobs, invest USD 6.8 bn in US Global retail giant Walmart will set up 50 new stores across India over the next three to four years, a top company official said on Saturday. The new stores would include 10 in Telangana, for which the US retailer signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the state government. It will invest $10 to $12 million in each store, which would create direct and indirect employment for 2,000 people. Walmart currently has 21 stores in India, including one in Hyderabad. Walmart executives and Telangana government officials signed the MoU in the presence of state Industries Minister K.T. Rama Rao, President and CEO, Walmart Canada and Asia, Dirk Van den Berghe and President and CEO Walmart India, Krish Iyer. Talking to reporters on the sidelines, Rajneesh Kumar, Senior Vice President and Head Corporate Affairs, Walmart India, said their focus in South India would be on Telangana and Andhra Pradesh. The company has already signed a MoU with Andhra Pradesh. In north India, Walmart is focusing on Uttar Pradesh, Haryana and Punjab. It already has MoUs with Haryana and Punjab. Maharashtra is another state that Walmart will be focusing on for its expansion plans. Krish Iyer said four of the 10 new stores planned in Telangana would come up in Hyderabad. Walmart is looking at tier-II cities like Warangal, Karimnagar and Nizamabad to open the new stores. --IANS ms/in/bg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On India | Walmart | News-ians | Business-economy PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Learn & Develop Digital Business Strategies Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Walmart to open 50 new stores in India soon Global retail giant Walmart will set up 50 new stores across India over the next three to four years, a top company official said on Saturday. Global retail giant Walmart will set up 50 new stores across India over the next three to four years, a top company official said on Saturday. The new stores would include 10 in Telangana, for which the US retailer signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the state government. It will invest $10 to $12 million in each store, which would create direct and indirect employment for 2,000 people. Walmart currently has 21 stores in India, including one in Hyderabad. Walmart executives and Telangana government officials signed the MoU in the presence of state Industries Minister K.T. Rama Rao, President and CEO, Walmart Canada and Asia, Dirk Van den Berghe and President and CEO Walmart India, Krish Iyer. Talking to reporters on the sidelines, Rajneesh Kumar, Senior Vice President and Head Corporate Affairs, Walmart India, said their focus in South India would be on Telangana and Andhra Pradesh. The company has already signed a MoU with Andhra Pradesh. In north India, Walmart is focusing on Uttar Pradesh, Haryana and Punjab. It already has MoUs with Haryana and Punjab. Maharashtra is another state that Walmart will be focusing on for its expansion plans. Krish Iyer said four of the 10 new stores planned in Telangana would come up in Hyderabad. Walmart is looking at tier-II cities like Warangal, Karimnagar and Nizamabad to open the new stores. --IANS ms/in/bg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Walmart to open 50 new stores in India soon Global retail giant Walmart will set up 50 new stores across India over the next three to four years, a top company official said on Saturday. The new stores would include 10 in Telangana, for which the US retailer signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the state government. It will invest $10 to $12 million in each store, which would create direct and indirect employment for 2,000 people. Walmart currently has 21 stores in India, including one in Hyderabad. Walmart executives and Telangana government officials signed the MoU in the presence of state Industries Minister K.T. Rama Rao, President and CEO, Walmart Canada and Asia, Dirk Van den Berghe and President and CEO Walmart India, Krish Iyer. Talking to reporters on the sidelines, Rajneesh Kumar, Senior Vice President and Head Corporate Affairs, Walmart India, said their focus in South India would be on Telangana and Andhra Pradesh. The company has already signed a MoU with Andhra Pradesh. In north India, Walmart is focusing on Uttar Pradesh, Haryana and Punjab. It already has MoUs with Haryana and Punjab. Maharashtra is another state that Walmart will be focusing on for its expansion plans. Krish Iyer said four of the 10 new stores planned in Telangana would come up in Hyderabad. Walmart is looking at tier-II cities like Warangal, Karimnagar and Nizamabad to open the new stores. --IANS ms/in/bg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Finance Walmart to open 50 new stores in India soon Walmart to open 50 new stores in India soon Source : Last Updated: Sat, Apr 29, 2017 17:28 hrs Tweet Mail Print Hyderabad: Global retail giant Walmart will set up 50 new stores across India over the next three to four years, a top company official said on Saturday. The new stores would include 10 in Telangana, for which the US retailer signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the state government. It will invest $10 to $12 million in each store, which would create direct and indirect employment for 2,000 people. Walmart currently has 21 stores in India, including one in Hyderabad. Walmart executives and Telangana government officials signed the MoU in the presence of state Industries Minister K.T. Rama Rao, President and CEO, Walmart Canada and Asia, Dirk Van den Berghe and President and CEO Walmart India, Krish Iyer. Talking to reporters on the sidelines, Rajneesh Kumar, Senior Vice President and Head Corporate Affairs, Walmart India, said their focus in South India would be on Telangana and Andhra Pradesh. The company has already signed a MoU with Andhra Pradesh. In north India, Walmart is focusing on Uttar Pradesh, Haryana and Punjab. It already has MoUs with Haryana and Punjab. Maharashtra is another state that Walmart will be focusing on for its expansion plans. Krish Iyer said four of the 10 new stores planned in Telangana would come up in Hyderabad. Walmart is looking at tier-II cities like Warangal, Karimnagar and Nizamabad to open the new stores. SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 28420.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28870.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 28700.00 (0.7%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28870.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 28420.00 (0%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bank of Montreal Can Decreases Position in Viacom, Inc. (VIAB) Bank of Montreal Can Has $8.614 Million Stake in Norbord Inc. (OSB) Bank of Montreal Can Purchases 60,341 Shares of Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Oracle Co. (ORCL) Position Reduced by Legacy Private Trust Co. Mitchell Mcleod Pugh & Williams Inc. Cuts Position in Oracle Co. (ORCL) SOL Capital Management CO Sells 86 Shares of Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Univest Corp of Pennsylvania Boosts Stake in Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Sheets Smith Wealth Management Cuts Stake in McDonald's Co. (MCD) Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Shares Bought by First American Bank Philip Morris International Inc. (PM) Stake Decreased by Sheets Smith Wealth Management Jefferies Group Equities Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for AutoNation, Inc. (AN) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Agree Realty Co. (ADC) Decreased by Analyst Under Armour Inc (UA) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Position Raised by Manning & Napier Advisors LLC Creative Planning Continues to Hold Stake in Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd (AAV) Independence Advisors LLC Has $323,000 Stake in Visa Inc (V) Community Bank System, Inc. to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.56 Per Share, Boenning Scattergood Forecasts (CBU) Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $2.01 Per Share West Pharmaceutical Services Inc. (WST) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Xencor Inc (XNCR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Shares Bought by First American Bank April 29th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet First American Bank increased its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) by 2.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 51,253 shares of the retailer’s stock after buying an additional 1,226 shares during the period. First American Bank’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $3,694,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds also recently modified their holdings of the company. Kempner Capital Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 8.5% in the first quarter. Kempner Capital Management Inc. now owns 31,748 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $2,288,000 after buying an additional 2,475 shares in the last quarter. Carroll Financial Associates Inc. raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 1.2% in the first quarter. Carroll Financial Associates Inc. now owns 10,213 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $736,000 after buying an additional 122 shares during the period. National Pension Service raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.7% in the first quarter. National Pension Service now owns 1,032,653 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $73,928,000 after buying an additional 6,757 shares during the period. Country Club Trust Company n.a. raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 1.5% in the first quarter. Country Club Trust Company n.a. now owns 260,090 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $18,747,000 after buying an additional 3,955 shares during the period. Finally, Quadrant Capital Group LLC raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 2.9% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 3,657 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $249,000 after buying an additional 102 shares during the period. 29.69% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 75.18 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $228.02 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.16 and a beta of 0.09. The company has a 50-day moving average of $72.16 and a 200 day moving average of $70.07. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a one year low of $62.72 and a one year high of $75.77. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. The business earned $129.75 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $130.22 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up .8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $1.49 EPS. Equities research analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Stockholders of record on Friday, December 8th will be paid a $0.51 dividend. This represents a $2.04 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.71%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, December 6th. Wal-Mart Stores’s payout ratio is presently 43.48%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/29/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-shares-bought-by-first-american-bank.html. WMT has been the subject of a number of research reports. TheStreet raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Bank of America Corp raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $76.00 to $88.00 in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Vetr raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $75.31 price objective for the company in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $86.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $84.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Tuesday. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seventeen have issued a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $75.69. In other news, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 4,542,361 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.54, for a total value of $320,418,144.94. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 6,748,580 shares in the company, valued at approximately $476,044,833.20. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,667,343 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $71.99, for a total value of $264,012,022.57. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $756,408,072.73. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 15,585,041 shares of company stock valued at $1,110,035,611 in the last quarter. Company insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Pacific Community Ventures and Aspen Institute to Create Quality Jobs at Retail Small Businesses Pacific Community Ventures and Aspen Institute to Create Quality Jobs at Retail Small Businesses Pacific Community Ventures will participate in Reimagine Retail to investigate strategies for collaborating with employers on job quality and worker advancement. San Francisco, CA, April 29, 2017 –(PR.com)– The Aspen Institute Economic Opportunities Program announced today that it has awarded a grant $200,000 to Pacific Community Ventures to take part in Reimagine Retail, a project made possible through a $5.5 million grant awarded by the Walmart Foundation to the Aspen Institute in 2016. Over a two-year period, Pacific Community Ventures will engage retail employers and explore strategies to improve job quality and support advancement for retail workers. Workforce development organizations, retail businesses, and other partners have potential to collaborate to improve the quality of jobs for workers in entry-level positions, create pathways for advancement in retail and related sectors, and increase employee engagement, productivity, and retention. To explore open questions about how to expand opportunities for working people, leaders in these fields will need to build capacity, experiment with new and innovative strategies, and learn from their experiences. Through Reimagine Retail, the Aspen Institute Economic Opportunities Program (EOP), Pacific Community Ventures, and five additional local partners across the country will investigate approaches that aim to improve job quality and worker advancement opportunities in retail and related sectors. Over the next two years, Pacific Community ventures will pilot, and publish, a quality jobs toolkit focused on retail small businesses. Small businesses are a big part of the US retail sector. 98% of retail businesses have fewer than 50 employees, and small retail businesses are one-third of all retail jobs. The quality jobs toolkit has the potential to enable meaningful improvements in job quality in an industry that relies on a significant number of frontline workers and operates with limited resources — and once it’s proven out across the retail industry, it can be adapted to restaurants, health services, and on and on. Over a two-year period, EOP will offer Pacific Community Ventures and other local partners opportunities to experiment with new ideas, learn from their peers, and participate in research activities to explore the outcomes of their work. They look forward to learning alongside this group and sharing findings with a broader community. EOP will share findings from partners’ work broadly to advance promising practices for expanding economic opportunities for workers in retail and adjacent sectors. “As part of our vision to make quality job creation the norm, we believe that we must equip small businesses with the practical tools and resources they need to offer higher quality jobs in a way that balances their business needs and bottom lines with better wages and benefits for their employees,” said Mary Jo Cook, President and CEO of Pacific Community Ventures. “We know that small businesses want to provide good employment opportunities for their workers – but they are often uncertain of how to do so in ways that make sense for their business. We’re committed to enabling them to succeed – and believe a simple, practical quality jobs toolkit will help spur them to action.” “We have found that learning and evaluation methods that engage program leaders and other stakeholders in the process have been critical to developing a practical understanding of why and how specific initiatives achieve their outcomes, building practical knowledge about efforts that address complex economic and social challenges,” said Maureen Conway, vice president for policy programs and executive director of the Economic Opportunities Program at the Aspen Institute. “We are excited about bringing this engagement approach to Reimagine Retail so that the lessons we learn about this emerging area of practice can be applied and adapted in other communities.” Reimagine Retail is one of several interrelated projects supported by a $5.5 million grant provided by the Walmart Foundation to the Aspen Institute as part of Walmart and the Walmart Foundation’s Opportunity initiative, a five-year, $100 million sector-wide effort aimed at strengthening the transferability of skills of the US retail workforce and developing ways to make it easier for front-line workers to advance their careers. “Through our collaboration with the Aspen Institute, we aim to further strengthen the retail workforce ecosystem by creating greater opportunities for workers to build long-lasting careers,” said Kathleen McLaughlin, president of the Walmart Foundation and chief sustainability officer for Walmart. “By engaging six local partners in communities around the country, our work together will help ensure that frontline workers have access to the training and tools needed to achieve upward mobility.” More information about Reimagine Retail and each of the six local partners is available online at: http://as.pn/reimagineretail. Pacific Community Ventures is a nonprofit social enterprise that engages small businesses, investors and policymakers to build an economy that works for everyone. To achieve our mission we provide small businesses working in underserved communities with access to capital and mentoring, test new approaches to creating quality jobs which can be scaled through partnerships, and conduct research and evaluation so that impact investors will deploy more capital more effectively to underserved communities. The Aspen Institute is an educational and policy studies organization based in Washington, DC. Its mission is to foster leadership based on enduring values and to provide a nonpartisan venue for dealing with critical issues. The Institute is based in Washington, DC; Aspen, Colorado; and on the Wye River on Maryland’s Eastern Shore. It also has offices in New York City and an international network of partners. For more information, visit www.aspeninstitute.org. The Economic Opportunities Program (EOP) advances promising strategies, policies, and ideas to help low- and moderate-income Americans connect to and thrive in a changing economy. Over its 25 years of work, EOP has focused on expanding individuals’ opportunities to connect to quality work, to start businesses, and to build assets and economic stability. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Spend a Happy Summer in Discovery Shores Boracay Next PostNext Global Cyazofamid Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Video to Mp4 Transfer Company Announces Launch of New Mail Order Service Viviva Colorsheets Launches Indiegogo Campaign BizHUMM Launches Kickstarter Campaign For Small Business Platform Rekonect PRO Launches Kickstarter Campaign Sequa Corporation annonce la réalisation de sa recapitalisation complète Proudly powered by WordPress
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Pacific Community Ventures Press Release Receive press releases from Pacific Community Ventures: By Email RSS Feeds: Pacific Community Ventures and Aspen Institute to Create Quality Jobs at Retail Small Businesses Pacific Community Ventures will participate in Reimagine Retail to investigate strategies for collaborating with employers on job quality and worker advancement. San Francisco, CA, April 29, 2017 --(PR.com)-- The Aspen Institute Economic Opportunities Program announced today that it has awarded a grant $200,000 to Pacific Community Ventures to take part in Reimagine Retail, a project made possible through a $5.5 million grant awarded by the Walmart Foundation to the Aspen Institute in 2016. Over a two-year period, Pacific Community Ventures will engage retail employers and explore strategies to improve job quality and support advancement for retail workers. Workforce development organizations, retail businesses, and other partners have potential to collaborate to improve the quality of jobs for workers in entry-level positions, create pathways for advancement in retail and related sectors, and increase employee engagement, productivity, and retention. To explore open questions about how to expand opportunities for working people, leaders in these fields will need to build capacity, experiment with new and innovative strategies, and learn from their experiences. Through Reimagine Retail, the Aspen Institute Economic Opportunities Program (EOP), Pacific Community Ventures, and five additional local partners across the country will investigate approaches that aim to improve job quality and worker advancement opportunities in retail and related sectors. Over the next two years, Pacific Community ventures will pilot, and publish, a quality jobs toolkit focused on retail small businesses. Small businesses are a big part of the US retail sector. 98% of retail businesses have fewer than 50 employees, and small retail businesses are one-third of all retail jobs. The quality jobs toolkit has the potential to enable meaningful improvements in job quality in an industry that relies on a significant number of frontline workers and operates with limited resources — and once it’s proven out across the retail industry, it can be adapted to restaurants, health services, and on and on. Over a two-year period, EOP will offer Pacific Community Ventures and other local partners opportunities to experiment with new ideas, learn from their peers, and participate in research activities to explore the outcomes of their work. They look forward to learning alongside this group and sharing findings with a broader community. EOP will share findings from partners’ work broadly to advance promising practices for expanding economic opportunities for workers in retail and adjacent sectors. “As part of our vision to make quality job creation the norm, we believe that we must equip small businesses with the practical tools and resources they need to offer higher quality jobs in a way that balances their business needs and bottom lines with better wages and benefits for their employees,” said Mary Jo Cook, President and CEO of Pacific Community Ventures. “We know that small businesses want to provide good employment opportunities for their workers – but they are often uncertain of how to do so in ways that make sense for their business. We’re committed to enabling them to succeed – and believe a simple, practical quality jobs toolkit will help spur them to action.” “We have found that learning and evaluation methods that engage program leaders and other stakeholders in the process have been critical to developing a practical understanding of why and how specific initiatives achieve their outcomes, building practical knowledge about efforts that address complex economic and social challenges,” said Maureen Conway, vice president for policy programs and executive director of the Economic Opportunities Program at the Aspen Institute. “We are excited about bringing this engagement approach to Reimagine Retail so that the lessons we learn about this emerging area of practice can be applied and adapted in other communities.” Reimagine Retail is one of several interrelated projects supported by a $5.5 million grant provided by the Walmart Foundation to the Aspen Institute as part of Walmart and the Walmart Foundation’s Opportunity initiative, a five-year, $100 million sector-wide effort aimed at strengthening the transferability of skills of the US retail workforce and developing ways to make it easier for front-line workers to advance their careers. “Through our collaboration with the Aspen Institute, we aim to further strengthen the retail workforce ecosystem by creating greater opportunities for workers to build long-lasting careers,” said Kathleen McLaughlin, president of the Walmart Foundation and chief sustainability officer for Walmart. “By engaging six local partners in communities around the country, our work together will help ensure that frontline workers have access to the training and tools needed to achieve upward mobility.” More information about Reimagine Retail and each of the six local partners is available online at: http://as.pn/reimagineretail. Pacific Community Ventures is a nonprofit social enterprise that engages small businesses, investors and policymakers to build an economy that works for everyone. To achieve our mission we provide small businesses working in underserved communities with access to capital and mentoring, test new approaches to creating quality jobs which can be scaled through partnerships, and conduct research and evaluation so that impact investors will deploy more capital more effectively to underserved communities. The Aspen Institute is an educational and policy studies organization based in Washington, DC. Its mission is to foster leadership based on enduring values and to provide a nonpartisan venue for dealing with critical issues. The Institute is based in Washington, DC; Aspen, Colorado; and on the Wye River on Maryland's Eastern Shore. It also has offices in New York City and an international network of partners. For more information, visit www.aspeninstitute.org. The Economic Opportunities Program (EOP) advances promising strategies, policies, and ideas to help low- and moderate-income Americans connect to and thrive in a changing economy. Over its 25 years of work, EOP has focused on expanding individuals’ opportunities to connect to quality work, to start businesses, and to build assets and economic stability. Contact Information Pacific Community Ventures Patrick Duggan 415-442-4312 Contact www.pacificcommunityventures.org Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Pacific Community Ventures Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Suspect in Kitchener woman’s death likely spotted changing licence plate | CTV Kitchener News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel Search CTV Kitchener Search X News Video Weather Guelph More Connect MyNews OTHER CITIES Sections Latest Weather News at Noon Guests Guelph News Shows CTV News at Noon CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 Features Financial Fix Local Hero Made Right Here On the Roster LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help Features In Pictures Investigates Info Lotto Results Local Contests Links & Numbers Community We're Involved Community Calendar The Pledge Sections Contact Us Bios Social Media Facebook Twitter CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor Advertisement Featured false Local horse set to race in famed Kentucky Derby Air Date: April 29, 2017 false Cloudy and wet weather settles in for weekend Air Date: April 29, 2017 false Dedicated owners train dogs for search and rescue Air Date: April 29, 2017 false Guelph-based distillers savouring their success Air Date: April 29, 2017 false Celebration of life held for 'Miracle' Max Taylor Air Date: April 29, 2017 false New doc shows escape from Fort McMurray wildfire Air Date: April 29, 2017 false Timely advice for last-minute tax filers Air Date: April 29, 2017 false Suspect in Kitchener woman's death likely spotted Air Date: April 29, 2017 false Community gathers to honour a fallen soldier Air Date: April 28, 2017 false Ayr Centennials tie the series 2-2; game 5 goes Sunday Air Date: April 28, 2017 false Tenants still frustrated with Waterloo apartment Air Date: April 28, 2017 false Provincial police searching for missing South Perth man Air Date: April 28, 2017 false 22-year-old woman's death suspicious Air Date: April 28, 2017 false As school year ends, Icon still not 100% complete Air Date: April 28, 2017 false Accessible van given to girl with cerebral palsy Air Date: April 28, 2017 false Volunteers at Waterloo museum honoured for work Air Date: April 28, 2017 false Timelapse captures storm rolling over region Air Date: April 28, 2017 false Free pharma care for those under 25 Air Date: April 28, 2017 false High winds damage two barns in Perth County Air Date: April 27, 2017 false Concerns about overcrowding at Brantford General Air Date: April 27, 2017 false Teen drama sparking controversy across the country Air Date: April 27, 2017 false Police reminding riders and drivers to be aware Air Date: April 27, 2017 false Enjoying the sunshine before the rain Air Date: April 27, 2017 false Balancing the books on budget day in Ontario Air Date: April 27, 2017 false Woman who scaled crane in court Air Date: April 27, 2017 false Elmira takes game 1 of Sutherland Cup Air Date: April 27, 2017 false Improving Kitchener’s downtown Air Date: April 27, 2017 false Community expresses concerns over speeders Air Date: April 27, 2017 false New task force to investigate sexual assaults Air Date: April 27, 2017 false Cyclist rides bike into car Air Date: April 27, 2017 false Man arrested over axe attack appears in court Air Date: April 26, 2017 false Remembering Kitchener man killed at CFB Wainwright Air Date: April 26, 2017 false How can downtown Kitchener be made more vibrant? Air Date: April 26, 2017 false Moving forward with plans for high-speed rail Air Date: April 26, 2017 false LCBO staff could be on strike within weeks Air Date: April 26, 2017 false Kitchener woman honoured for rehab swim program Air Date: April 26, 2017 Suspect in Kitchener woman’s death likely spotted changing licence plate CTV Kitchener Published Saturday, April 29, 2017 12:29PM EDT Last Updated Saturday, April 29, 2017 7:04PM EDT A person matching the description of a man wanted in connection with the death of a Kitchener woman was seen in the parking lot of a Pennsylvania Walmart around 10 a.m. Friday morning, according to state police. Melinda Vasilije, 22, was found dead on the floor of an apartment unit on Country Hill Drive around 3 a.m. the same day. Waterloo Regional Police are looking for a 24-year-old Ager Mohsin Hasan of Hamilton in connection with her death, which they say was the result of a targeted attack. “We believe he is responsible for the death of the 22-year-old female,” said Insp. Mike Haffner on Friday. Pennsylvania State Police say a person matching Hasan’s description was seen removing a licence plate with the number EZV1654 from a vehicle in the parking lot of a Walmart in Harborcreek, Pennsylvania on Friday at about 10:18 a.m. That individual was then seen attaching the plate to a black Honda HR-V before leaving the scene. The plate also features a Fraternal Order of Police emblem, according to state police. Waterloo Regional Police say Hasan was driving a black 2016 HR-V with the Ontario licence plate BPKT509 and had been seen crossing into the United States via the Peace Bridge at Fort Erie, Ontario. In a statement to CTV, Vasilije’s family said she was a talented hairstylist who was passionate about making people feel beautiful, adding she was a positive, family-oriented person. It read in part: “The devastation and pain this family has been faced with, no human being should ever have to feel. Melinda was too innocent to be faced with such evil. All we want is justice to be served for Melinda so we can begin to prepare for an unfulfilled life with a piece of us missing.” Those who know Hasan say he has been active on social media since the incident, but has changed his profile name. As of Friday afternoon, one of his alleged accounts read: “Protected myself against the initial attacks, emotions were high on both sides. R.I.P.” Police say Hasan is considered dangerous and should not be approached. Anyone who encounters him should call 911. With reporting from CTV's Nicole Lampa Photos Melinda Vasilije was found dead in a Kitchener apartment unit Waterloo Regional Police say they're looking for Ager Mohsin Hasan, a 24-year-old Hamilton resident, in connection with the death of Melinda Vasilije. (Waterloo Regional Police) The forensic unit was on scene at the apartment on Country Hill Drive Friday morning. (Jeff Pagett/ CTV Kitchener) MyNews If you are on the scene of breaking news and capture it with your mobile device, share your pictures or video with MyNews. You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. MOST WATCHED false Police identify young woman found dead Friday morning Air Date: April 28, 2017 false CTV News at 11:30 Kitchener for Saturday, April 29, 2017 Air Date: April 29, 2017 false CTV News at Six Kitchener for Saturday, April 29, 2017 Air Date: April 29, 2017 false CTV News at Six Kitchener for Monday, April 24, 2017 Air Date: April 24, 2017 false Teen drama sparking controversy across the country Air Date: April 27, 2017 false Suspect in Kitchener woman's death likely spotted Air Date: April 29, 2017 false Guelph-based distillers savouring their success Air Date: April 29, 2017 false CTV News at 11:30 Kitchener for Friday, April 28, 2017 Air Date: April 28, 2017 false Dedicated owners train dogs for search and rescue Air Date: April 29, 2017 false Cloudy and wet weather settles in for weekend Air Date: April 29, 2017 false Celebration of life held for 'Miracle' Max Taylor Air Date: April 29, 2017 false CTV News at Noon Kitchener for Friday, April 28, 2017 Air Date: April 28, 2017 More stories from CTV Kitchener Suspect in Kitchener woman’s death likely spotted changing licence plate Friends and family of Cambridge’s ‘Miracle’ Max gather to celebrate young boy’s life OPP find woman who went missing from passenger train near London Woman, 50, facing charges in elder abuse investigation London police find body after reported assault in convenience store parking lot Multiple people taken to hospital after two-vehicle crash in Kitchener Kitchener Weather Change city 7 °COvercast Connect with CTV Kitchener Advertisement CTV News Video Network false Trump launches scathing attack on media, critics false Thousands rally across U.S. for action on climate change false Urgent appeal for global effort to combat drought in Africa false Suspect in Ont. woman's death reportedly seen in U.S. CTV National News for April 29: Trump's 100th day in office Advertisement Most popular stories 1 Suspect in Kitchener woman’s death likely spotted changing licence plate 1 2 Hamilton man sought in connection with Kitchener's woman death 1 3 Friends and family of Cambridge’s ‘Miracle’ Max gather to celebrate young boy’s life 1 4 ‘He was our hero’: Fallen soldier returns home 1 5 Multiple people taken to hospital after two-vehicle crash in Kitchener 6 OPP find woman who went missing from passenger train near London 7 London police find body after reported assault in convenience store parking lot 8 Woman, 50, facing charges in elder abuse investigation 9 Provincial police conducting ground search at Sebringville property 1 10 Elmira man, 31, charged after allegedly luring 14-year-old Brantford girl Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Back to top
Current Weather 43.0° Light Rain Fog/Mist Forecast Subscriber Services Sections Towns Batavia Geneva St. Charles Elburn Sugar Grove More Towns News News Home Local Election Central Get Newsletter Crime and Courts Government Education Local Business Town News and Info Community Dining Police Reports 2017 Election Results Finance Face Time Corrections Sports Sports Home Preps Columns Chicago Steel Kane County Cougars Community Sports Athlete of the Month Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Bears Features A&E Artist Q&A Books Chit Chat Everyday Heroes Features Food & Drink Health Lifestyle Movies Music Mystery Diner Planit Kane Taste of the Town Theater Weekend Life Opinion Opinion Home Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Editorial Cartoons Share Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Campus Report Eagle Scout Engagement Announcement Girl Scout Gold Award recipient Join the Birthday Club Letters to the Editor Local Band Spotlight Neighbors Press Release Service Report Share Photos Sidetracks Press Release Submit an Event Support Group Listings Wedding Announcement Contact Us About Us Advertise Business Showcase Celebrations Contact Coupons Deals Dining e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Fox River Bike Trails Forms Kane County Magazine Public Notices RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Weather More Photos and Lists Obituaries Photo Store Video News Video Live Video Events Pro Football Weekly Election Central Market Place Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Digital Access Access kcchronicle.com from all your digital devices and receive breaking news and updates from around the area. Sign InSubscribe Home Delivery Want to make sure you receive the latest local news? We’ve got you covered! Get the best in local news, sports, community events, with focus on what’s coming up for the weekend. Weekly mail subscription offers Subscribe Text Alerts Choose your news! Select the text alerts you want to receive: breaking news, prep sports, weather, and more. Text alerts are a free service from Kane County Chronicle, but text rates may apply. Sign Up Email Newsletters Sign up for free email alerts. We'll deliver news & updates to your inbox. Sign Up Online Newspaper Log In SectionsSubscribe Local Batavia police reports 4:11 pm • A vehicle's tire was punctured in the 300 block of Mill Street, Batavia, according to an April 12 report of criminal damage to property. • Zaid Rodriguez, 23, of the 2700 block of Jenna Circle, Montgomery, was ticketed April 12 for possession of drug paraphernalia in the 100 block of South Randall Road, Batavia. • Julian C. Sherman, 30, of the 2200 block of 182nd Place, Lansing, was charged April 12 with speeding more than 35 mph over the limit and for driving an uninsured vehicle on Kirk Road, Batavia. • About $150 worth of clothing was taken from Kohl's, 251 N. Randall Road, Batavia, according to an April 13 report of retail theft. • Michael W. Vera, 34, of the 200 block of West New York Street, Aurora, was charged April 14 with retail theft greater than $300 at Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • A bicycle was taken from a bike rack at Jewel-Osco, 119 S. Randall Road, Batavia, according to an April 14 police report. • Accidental damage to property occurred the afternoon of April 15, when a temporary construction fence was blown over by the wind and struck five vehicles parked in a lot in the first block of North River Street, Batavia, according to Detective Sgt. Shawn Mazza. • A house was egged in the 2600 block of Lusted Lane, Batavia, according to an April 16 report of criminal damage to property. • Jack P. Kuplic, 18, of the 600 block of Papermill Hill Drive, Batavia, was ticketed April 16 for possession of 10 grams or less of marijuana, possession of drug paraphernalia and speeding on South Kirk Road, Batavia. • Someone stole a wooden mailbox post in the 1300 block of Kelly Court, Batavia, according to an April 17 report of theft. • Three stop signs were spray-painted, according to April 17 reports of criminal damage to property on South Raddant Road, Giese Road and Western Avenue. • A vehicle was damaged, possibly keyed, in the 100 block of Church Street, Batavia, according to an April 17 report of criminal damage to property. • Fraudulent charges to a credit card were reported April 17 in the 1400 block of Green Pheasant Lane, Batavia. • Nicholas C. Blatchford, 28, of the 24100 block of Merlot Lane, Plainfield, was charged April 18 with retail theft at Wal-Mart, 801 North Randall Road, Batavia. • Ariel L. Waver, 21, of the 1300 block of Johnstone Drive, Batavia, was charged April 18 with driving under the influence of alcohol and driving with a blood-alcohol content greater than 0.08 percent, and was ticketed for possession of 10 grams or less of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia on Cleveland Avenue, Batavia. • The Goodwill store at 450 N. Randall Road, Batavia, received two $100 counterfeit bills April 18, according to an April 19 police report. • Charrise P. Thompson, 43, of the 200 block of LaSalle Street, Aurora, was charged April 19 with retail theft at Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • A fraud incident was reported April 20 in the 700 block of Ozier Drive, Batavia. • Multiple instances of burglary and criminal trespass to a motor vehicle were reported April 20 in Batavia, including the 500 block of Ozier Drive; 400 block of Maves Drive; 600, 700 and 800 blocks of Lathem Street; and 700 block of Hamlet Street. Stolen items were listed in three additional instances, including a cellphone in the 500 block of Maves Drive; flashlights and a bag of tools in the 300 block of Ozier Drive; and $5 in change, five CDs, three beverages, can insulators and three packs of cigarettes in the 700 block of Lake Street. • Eggs were thrown at a home in the 700 block of Twin Elms Lane, Batavia, according to an April 21 police report of criminal damage to property. • A mailbox was destroyed in the 1300 block of Schiedler Drive, Batavia, according to an April 23 report of criminal damage to property. • Tanner J. Smith, 23, of the 600 block of North Washington Avenue, Batavia, was charged April 23 with domestic battery in the 700 block of North Van Buren Street, Batavia. • Five broken glass window panels were reported as criminal damage to property April 23 in the 300 block of North River Street, Batavia. • Michelle A. Alicea, 41, of the 300 block of South Lake Street, Aurora, was charged April 24 with retail theft in the 800 block of North Randall Road, Batavia, after allegedly trying to leave a store with about $362 worth of stolen merchandise, according to a police report. • Four lug nuts were reported stolen April 24 from the rear passenger side tire of a vehicle in the 1300 block of Main Street, Batavia. • Marcos E. Rutter, 25 of the 100 block of South Batavia Avenue, Batavia, was charged April 24 with retail theft after allegedly trying to leave a store in the 800 block of North Randall Road, Batavia, with about $64 worth of stolen merchandise, according to a police report. • Emily Ocasio, 43, of the 100 block of Deloris Street, Oswego, was charged April 26 with retail theft greater than $300 at Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, Batavia. Related Links Batavia police reports Race to Market 5K registration underway by Batavia MainStreet Batavia lecture to explore effects of Japanese-American internment camps A Step Above Dance Academy makes a move in Batavia Batavia lodge breakfast to benefit scholarship AboutContactAdvertiseSubscribe Terms of ServicePrivacy PolicyEditorial Principles About Our AdsPlace a Classified AdCareersCopyright © 2017 Kane County Chronicle. All rights reserved. Published in St. Charles, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. FacebookTwitterCommentsEmailPrintMore Google+RedditPinterestTumblr
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Site 1985-Present 1831-1950 Local business notes: 11th Street extension finally is underway Saturday Apr 29, 2017 at 2:00 PM Apr 29, 2017 at 10:02 PM Tim Landis Business Editor @TimLandisSJR Construction has begun on the long-awaited -- as in decades -- 11TH STREET EXTENSION in Springfield. It is not a large project by transportation standards. Construction is along an approximately half-mile corridor from just north of Stevenson Drive to a new intersection with Lincolnshire Boulevard at a cost of nearly $7 million. Plans are for a five-lane road, including sidewalks and a bike lane. But planners are counting on the extension to ease congestion on the South Sixth Street corridor between Interstate 55 and Stevenson Drive. The new corridor also is expected to encourage further development in the commercial-retail area anchored by Wal-Mart. "They are starting on the south side of the project between Lincolnshire and Stevenson with clearing, grading and storm-sewer work," city engineer Nate Bottom said last week. Construction, said Bottom, is scheduled for completion in the summer of 2018. Federal funds will cover $5.4 million of the cost with the remainder paid by the city. In addition to opening a new route to the Wal-Mart development area, the extension will complete a long-sought connection between the city and the University of Illinois Springfield. Truman L. Flatt & Sons of Springfield is the general contractor. *** AMC Theatres is bringing an IMAX screen to AMCSHOWPLACE 12 in Springfield, according to construction permits filed with the city of Springfield. Permits show the system will be installed in an existing auditorium, but do not give a construction schedule. According to the permits filed with the city, Auditorium 8 will be remodeled to accommodate the approximately 4,000-square-foot project. Work includes a new projection system, sound system and seating, among other amenities. Multiple voice and email messages left with the company were not returned last week. ShowPlace 12 is the newest, and largest, of three AMC theaters in Springfield. *** A public hearing is scheduled for 1:30 p.m. Thursday on plans for a RETAIL STRIP CENTER at the southeast corner of Sixth Street and Stanford Avenue. The site is immediately south of the Sixth Street rail underpass. The hearing will be in the Carnegie Room South at Lincoln Library, 326 S. Seventh St. *** Planning continues for lane additions on WOODSIDE ROAD between Illinois 4 and Chatham Road. A transportation committee of the Springfield-Sangamon County Regional Planning Commission this week is scheduled to consider the $5.2 million project that includes addition of two lanes and wider shoulders. The current two-lane section results in traffic backups, especially during the evening commute. Work is tentatively set to begin this summer. *** ILLINOIS NATIONAL BANK of Springfield has opened a full-service branch at Washington Street and Prospect Road in Bloomington. INB has had a loan office in Bloomington since 2012, according to a bank announcement. "The loan office helped us develop a core group of customers who were asking us to provide other banking services in the area," INB President and CEO Sarah Phalen said in the announcement. INB now has 13 branch banks in central Illinois and a loan office in Champaign. The website is illinoisnationalbank.com. *** MURPHY RUG & FURNITURE CLEANERS of Springfield has relocated to 2222 S. Sixth St. The business moved from a longtime location at 2121 S. Ninth St. to clear the way for eventual construction of an underpass at the nearby Ash Street rail crossing. The underpass is part of long-term plans for consolidation of Third Street train traffic on the 10th Street corridor. The business phone number remains 544-3416. The website is murphyrug.com. *** THE JACKSONVILLE REGIONAL ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT CORP. plans a series of surveys and focus groups as part of a new strategic planning project on local economic-development trends, the group announced last week. Organizers said the project also results from significant changes in the Morgan and Scott counties' economies in recent years, including in manufacturing. Additional information is available on the organization website, jredc.org. *** Demolition work has been completed at the site of a new retail strip center in the VILLAGE OF JEROME. Two homes in the 1500 block of Wabash Avenue were razed to clear the way for an approximately 10,000-square-foot center, according to the village. Work also continues for a NAPA AUTO PARTS store at 1440 Wabash Ave. in Jerome. The space previously housed Flooring Depot. An opening date for the parts store has not been announced. .*** Cohen-Esrey Affordable Partners is putting the finishing touches on the BOULEVARD TOWNHOMES, 2715 S. MacArthur Blvd., according to construction permits filed at city Building and Zoning. The Kansas-based developer plans a mid-May completion. Also at Building and Zoning: * WHITE HOUSE BLACK MARKET, White Oaks Mall; remodel. * ELSTON FARMER'S INSURANCE, 2657 S. Fifth St.; remodel. * THREE FOUR PROPERTIES, 821 North Grand Ave. E.; shaved-ice kiosk. * WEST LAKE ANIMAL CLINIC, 3220 Horizon Drive; new construction. * SPRINGFIELD RENTALS ONE, 1001 S. Fourth St.; remodel five apartments. * MCCAFFERY FAMILY HEALTH CENTER, 3330 Hedley Drive; remodel. -- Contact Tim Landis: tim.landis@sj-r.com, 788-1536, twitter.com/timlandisSJR. Listen to his WUIS/SJ-R business report Tuesday afternoon and Wednesday morning on WUIS 91.9 FM, 89.3 FM and WUIS.org, or online at www.sj-r.com. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Advertise With Us Contact Us Subscribe Place an Ad Commenting Rules Archives Marketplace Cars Homes Classifieds Newspaper Ads Garage Sale Directory Sections News State Government Sports The Voice Local Entertainment Information Social Media Directory E-edition Today's Front Page Text Alerts Calendar Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The State Journal-Register ~ Springfield, IL 62701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Police, Fire, Courts State Government Local Government Education Health Health Blogs School closings Nation & World Shareable Databases Sports Illini High schools High School Football Junior Blues UIS, Local Colleges Score reporting forms Auto Racing Entertainment TV Guide Movie times Sudoku Games Calendar Life The Voice Food Restaurant Reviews Celebrations Beliefs Health Opinion Editorials Letters Bernard Schoenburg Columns How to submit a letter, column Photos The Visual Journal Send us Your Pix Business Obituaries More Videos Calendar Football Scores Salary Databases Social Media Directory Front pages Contests Branded Content Subscriber E-edition Text Alerts Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Garage Sale Directory Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Walmart plans to open 10 outlets in Telangana in 5-7 years Walmart plans to open 10 outlets in Telangana in 5-7 years The company today inked an agreement with the Telangana government for setting up ten such stores in the state. By: PTI | Hyderabad | Published: April 29, 2017 10:51 PM The company today inked an agreement with the Telangana government for setting up ten such stores in the state. (Reuters) Walmart India has plans to open 10 wholesale outlets in Telangana during the next five to seven years with an investment outlay of about USD 120 million, a top executive of the retail giant said here today. The company today inked an agreement with the Telangana government for setting up ten such stores in the state. “We see potential to open ten stores in the next five to seven years (in Telanagana). Typically each store needs roughly about USD 10 to USD 12 million. Each store will create about 2,000 jobs both direct and indirect,” Krish Iyer, President and Chief Executive Officer, Walmart India told reporters after signing the MoU. Also Watch: Of the ten, four stores may come up in the state capital Hyderabad, he said. Replying to a query, Iyer said they have plans to open 50 more outlets across the country in the next five to seven years, including these ten. Currently it has 21 cash and carry stores in India. Walmart sources over 95 per cent of the goods from the same country, he added. Telangana Industries Minister K T Rama Rao said the state government is in the process of coming out with a Retail Policy soon. No Comments. Trending Now Opposition candidate for President polls will unite parties against BJP: JD(U) leader Sharad Yadav Essar Group seeks Rs 4,000 crore refund from I-T department Government keen to push ahead with more PSB consolidation Guwahati: Silent zone rules imposed around religious places Pope Francis urges international mediation over North Korea crisis Australia probes 'jihadi child threat' video Rail scam: Delhi High Court upholds trial court order allowing CBI plea BSE allows broking, micro-finance companies to list on SME platform Realty lenders seeks clarity in Real Estate Regulation and Development Act Now, regional movies to carry Hindi subtitles or be dubbed CBSE to hold Central Teacher Eligibility Test only once a year Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Are Indians consuming less sweets? Sugar high turns into a crash with longest rout in 56 years Arvind Kejriwal a dangerous idea: No establishment will let him survive Must shun violence, grab opportunities, says Kashmiri who runs mobile TV channel The only real lesson from Donald Trump's 100 days in office Want to move up in your career? Here're 10 sure ways to get to your destination faster Google CEO Sundar Pichai receives nearly $200 million as compensation for last year Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News मन की बात: न्यू इंडिया के लिए मोदी का नया मंत्र- VIP नहीं अब EPI का दौर, यानी Every Person is Important अमित शाह ने बीजेपी मंत्रियों की ली 'क्लास', बोले- जाओ कश्मीर के लोगों से मिलो, उनकी समस्या दूर करो मेरठ: कर्नल के घर छापा, एक करोड़ रु, प्रतिबंधित जानवरों के अंग बरामद, नेशनल शूटर है बेटा Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Suspect in Kitchener woman’s death likely spotted changing licence plate | CTV Kitchener News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel Search CTV Kitchener Search X News Video Weather Guelph More Connect MyNews OTHER CITIES Sections Latest Weather News at Noon Guests Guelph News Shows CTV News at Noon CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 Features Financial Fix Local Hero Made Right Here On the Roster LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help Features In Pictures Investigates Info Lotto Results Local Contests Links & Numbers Community We're Involved Community Calendar The Pledge Sections Contact Us Bios Social Media Facebook Twitter CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor Advertisement Featured false Local horse set to race in famed Kentucky Derby Air Date: April 29, 2017 false Cloudy and wet weather settles in for weekend Air Date: April 29, 2017 false Dedicated owners train dogs for search and rescue Air Date: April 29, 2017 false Guelph-based distillers savouring their success Air Date: April 29, 2017 false Celebration of life held for 'Miracle' Max Taylor Air Date: April 29, 2017 false New doc shows escape from Fort McMurray wildfire Air Date: April 29, 2017 false Timely advice for last-minute tax filers Air Date: April 29, 2017 false Suspect in Kitchener woman's death likely spotted Air Date: April 29, 2017 false Community gathers to honour a fallen soldier Air Date: April 28, 2017 false Ayr Centennials tie the series 2-2; game 5 goes Sunday Air Date: April 28, 2017 false Tenants still frustrated with Waterloo apartment Air Date: April 28, 2017 false Provincial police searching for missing South Perth man Air Date: April 28, 2017 false 22-year-old woman's death suspicious Air Date: April 28, 2017 false As school year ends, Icon still not 100% complete Air Date: April 28, 2017 false Accessible van given to girl with cerebral palsy Air Date: April 28, 2017 false Volunteers at Waterloo museum honoured for work Air Date: April 28, 2017 false Timelapse captures storm rolling over region Air Date: April 28, 2017 false Free pharma care for those under 25 Air Date: April 28, 2017 false High winds damage two barns in Perth County Air Date: April 27, 2017 false Concerns about overcrowding at Brantford General Air Date: April 27, 2017 false Teen drama sparking controversy across the country Air Date: April 27, 2017 false Police reminding riders and drivers to be aware Air Date: April 27, 2017 false Enjoying the sunshine before the rain Air Date: April 27, 2017 false Balancing the books on budget day in Ontario Air Date: April 27, 2017 false Woman who scaled crane in court Air Date: April 27, 2017 false Elmira takes game 1 of Sutherland Cup Air Date: April 27, 2017 false Improving Kitchener’s downtown Air Date: April 27, 2017 false Community expresses concerns over speeders Air Date: April 27, 2017 false New task force to investigate sexual assaults Air Date: April 27, 2017 false Cyclist rides bike into car Air Date: April 27, 2017 false Man arrested over axe attack appears in court Air Date: April 26, 2017 false Remembering Kitchener man killed at CFB Wainwright Air Date: April 26, 2017 false How can downtown Kitchener be made more vibrant? Air Date: April 26, 2017 false Moving forward with plans for high-speed rail Air Date: April 26, 2017 false LCBO staff could be on strike within weeks Air Date: April 26, 2017 false Kitchener woman honoured for rehab swim program Air Date: April 26, 2017 Suspect in Kitchener woman’s death likely spotted changing licence plate CTV Kitchener Published Saturday, April 29, 2017 12:29PM EDT Last Updated Saturday, April 29, 2017 7:04PM EDT A person matching the description of a man wanted in connection with the death of a Kitchener woman was seen in the parking lot of a Pennsylvania Walmart around 10 a.m. Friday morning, according to state police. Melinda Vasilije, 22, was found dead on the floor of an apartment unit on Country Hill Drive around 3 a.m. the same day. Waterloo Regional Police are looking for a 24-year-old Ager Mohsin Hasan of Hamilton in connection with her death, which they say was the result of a targeted attack. “We believe he is responsible for the death of the 22-year-old female,” said Insp. Mike Haffner on Friday. Pennsylvania State Police say a person matching Hasan’s description was seen removing a licence plate with the number EZV1654 from a vehicle in the parking lot of a Walmart in Harborcreek, Pennsylvania on Friday at about 10:18 a.m. That individual was then seen attaching the plate to a black Honda HR-V before leaving the scene. The plate also features a Fraternal Order of Police emblem, according to state police. Waterloo Regional Police say Hasan was driving a black 2016 HR-V with the Ontario licence plate BPKT509 and had been seen crossing into the United States via the Peace Bridge at Fort Erie, Ontario. In a statement to CTV, Vasilije’s family said she was a talented hairstylist who was passionate about making people feel beautiful, adding she was a positive, family-oriented person. It read in part: “The devastation and pain this family has been faced with, no human being should ever have to feel. Melinda was too innocent to be faced with such evil. All we want is justice to be served for Melinda so we can begin to prepare for an unfulfilled life with a piece of us missing.” Those who know Hasan say he has been active on social media since the incident, but has changed his profile name. As of Friday afternoon, one of his alleged accounts read: “Protected myself against the initial attacks, emotions were high on both sides. R.I.P.” Police say Hasan is considered dangerous and should not be approached. Anyone who encounters him should call 911. With reporting from CTV's Nicole Lampa Photos Melinda Vasilije was found dead in a Kitchener apartment unit Waterloo Regional Police say they're looking for Ager Mohsin Hasan, a 24-year-old Hamilton resident, in connection with the death of Melinda Vasilije. (Waterloo Regional Police) The forensic unit was on scene at the apartment on Country Hill Drive Friday morning. (Jeff Pagett/ CTV Kitchener) MyNews If you are on the scene of breaking news and capture it with your mobile device, share your pictures or video with MyNews. You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. MOST WATCHED false Police identify young woman found dead Friday morning Air Date: April 28, 2017 false CTV News at 11:30 Kitchener for Saturday, April 29, 2017 Air Date: April 29, 2017 false CTV News at Six Kitchener for Saturday, April 29, 2017 Air Date: April 29, 2017 false CTV News at Six Kitchener for Monday, April 24, 2017 Air Date: April 24, 2017 false Teen drama sparking controversy across the country Air Date: April 27, 2017 false Suspect in Kitchener woman's death likely spotted Air Date: April 29, 2017 false Guelph-based distillers savouring their success Air Date: April 29, 2017 false CTV News at 11:30 Kitchener for Friday, April 28, 2017 Air Date: April 28, 2017 false Dedicated owners train dogs for search and rescue Air Date: April 29, 2017 false Cloudy and wet weather settles in for weekend Air Date: April 29, 2017 false Celebration of life held for 'Miracle' Max Taylor Air Date: April 29, 2017 false CTV News at Noon Kitchener for Friday, April 28, 2017 Air Date: April 28, 2017 More stories from CTV Kitchener Suspect in Kitchener woman’s death likely spotted changing licence plate Friends and family of Cambridge’s ‘Miracle’ Max gather to celebrate young boy’s life OPP find woman who went missing from passenger train near London Woman, 50, facing charges in elder abuse investigation London police find body after reported assault in convenience store parking lot Multiple people taken to hospital after two-vehicle crash in Kitchener Kitchener Weather Change city 7 °COvercast Connect with CTV Kitchener Advertisement CTV News Video Network false Trump launches scathing attack on media, critics false Thousands rally across U.S. for action on climate change false Urgent appeal for global effort to combat drought in Africa false Suspect in Ont. woman's death reportedly seen in U.S. CTV National News for April 29: Trump's 100th day in office Advertisement Most popular stories 1 Suspect in Kitchener woman’s death likely spotted changing licence plate 1 2 Hamilton man sought in connection with Kitchener's woman death 1 3 Friends and family of Cambridge’s ‘Miracle’ Max gather to celebrate young boy’s life 1 4 ‘He was our hero’: Fallen soldier returns home 1 5 Multiple people taken to hospital after two-vehicle crash in Kitchener 6 OPP find woman who went missing from passenger train near London 7 London police find body after reported assault in convenience store parking lot 8 Woman, 50, facing charges in elder abuse investigation 9 Provincial police conducting ground search at Sebringville property 1 10 Elmira man, 31, charged after allegedly luring 14-year-old Brantford girl Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Back to top
Advertisements Edition: International | About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use News Release Article Submission Sunday 30 April, 2017 Breaking News > Football, Latest Stories, Sports As soccer soars, court docs detail graft in Brazi... Trending Topics: UP ELECTION - Donald Trump - India v/s Bangladesh Cricket - South Asia - Elections As soccer soars, court docs detail graft in Brazilian sports Critics question top US prosecutor's style after blunt words Duterte opens ASEAN summit with oblique swipe at US, EU N. Korean missile test fails hours after UN meeting on nukes Giants: Bumgarner suffered AC sprain, out 3 months Business World Africa Asia Europe Middle East North America Pacific South America South Asia India Delhi/NCR Sports Football Hockey Cricket Politics Entertainment Environment Technology space Health Op – eds Home Latest Stories Art & Lifestyle Food & Drinks Spirituality Travel Videos Press Release E- Paper Published On: Sat, Apr 29th, 2017 Latest Stories / World | By New Delhi Times Bureau Police: bounty hunters shot 2 men, one died; charges sought Share This Tags Police in Tennessee say investigators believe bounty hunters shot two men in a wild incident last weekend that began in a Wal-Mart parking lot, fatally wounding one of them, but that neither was the person they were trying to serve with a warrant. Clarksville Police will ask a grand jury in Montgomery County on Monday to bring charges from the shooting, police spokesman Jim Knoll said. Police are also asking questions about who is regulating bounty hunters. Authorities released few details about Sunday’s shooting before the case heads to the grand jury. The man who died has been identified as 24-year-old Jalen Johnson, a father of three children from Clarksville. His family says Johnson was an innocent man gunned down in a case of mistaken identity. “Absolutely, they were out of control,” Johnson’s uncle, Toni Jenkins, said of the bounty hunters. “The objective of a bounty hunter is to identify a suspect and serve them with a warrant and bring them to jail, but that’s not what happened.” Knoll said the bounty hunters confronted four men in a Nissan sedan parked at a Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market in Clarksville just after midnight Sunday. Shots were fired and bounty hunters then chased the men for nearly seven miles, he added. The police spokesman wouldn’t say how many bounty hunters were involved, when the shots were fired and what exactly transpired in the parking lot. It’s not clear why the bounty hunters confronted the men in the vehicle. Not one of them, Knoll said, had an outstanding warrant. Jenkins said the men in the car with his nephew Jalen Johnson had no idea who the people in the cars were, adding they drove into the Wal-Mart parking lot and blocked in their car. “They just thought they were some gang or something,” Jenkins said. One of the bounty hunters smashed out a window in the car, the uncle said. The vehicle, where Johnson was a passenger in the back seat, took off because the men were afraid, he said. The uncle said the bounty hunters started shooting in the parking lot and continued to fire while they were chasing the Nissan with Johnson and his three friends in it. “They were shooting and ramming the car and everything,” Jenkins said. Clarksville Police would not say whether there was a high-speed chase involving gunfire and a vehicle being rammed. But authorities said they are very troubled by what happened and the risk to the men in the vehicle and to the public. “Any time you start firing off bullets and chasing people you’re putting the public in danger, no matter who it is,” Knoll said. Clarksville is about 50 miles (80 kilometers) northwest of Nashville near the Tennessee line with Kentucky.   Credit : Associated Press (AP) | Photo Credit : (AP) Advertisements Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) About the Author New Delhi Times Bureau - Related News As soccer soars, court docs detail graft in Brazilian sports Critics question top US prosecutor’s style after blunt words Duterte opens ASEAN summit with oblique swipe at US, EU N. Korean missile test fails hours after UN meeting on nukes Tweet Pin It New Delhi Times A-2/59 Safdarjung Enclave New Delhi 110029, INDIA +91 11 26102520 [email protected] Article Submission Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Us Copyright © New Delhi Times , All Rights Reserved 2017, [email protected] Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
SUN, APR 30, 2017 | 8 °C Partly cloudy Full Text Archive Danger Zone: Vaccination in Hamilton schools Spec 170th anniversary Spec Auctions Readers' Choice Columns Wellness Subscription Today's Paper In Your Neighbourhood Home & Garden Newsroom Insider podcast Event listings 3DownNation Hot topics Newspaper in Education Top Employers Search News Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs CRIME LOCAL ONTARIO CANADA WORLD BUSINESS 6 hours ago Spectator wins top honours at the Ontario Newspaper Awards The Hamilton Spectator took home top honours at the Ontario Newspaper... Latest News SEE MORE 63rd annual Ontario Newspaper Awards Man charged with 2nd-degree murder in death of Ontario taxi driver Harjit Sajjan apologizes for claiming he was architect of Canada’s largest Afghanistan battle Business Links HamiltonBusiness.com , Young Professionals , Economic Development , Steeltown Apr 29, 2017 Trump's trade war takes aim at Canada's weaknesses: Olive America regards Canada as weak and unwilling to fight for its interests.... Latest Business News SEE MORE A robot that picks apples? Mohawk College Stoney Creek campus showcases automotive skilled trades at open house Chamber launches survey to determine policy and advocacy agenda LOCAL McMaster-university athletics End to End blog BULLDOGS - OHL Sports TV Listings TICATS - CFL SCRATCHING POST UREPORT Drew Edwards Steve Milton Teri Pecoskie Scott Radley Calendar Olympics 1 hour ago Reynolds leads Rockies' comeback over Diamondbacks Reynolds leads Rockies' comeback over Diamondbacks Latest Sports News SEE MORE Baseball Capsules Rivas, Kaká lift Orlando City to 2-0 win over Colorado Dodgers scored 4 in the ninth to beat Phillies 6-5 Contests Hamilton Events Burlington Events Movie news+reviews Movie Listings Art Arts & Entertainment BOOKS MUSIC RESTAURANT REVIEWS Television TV LIstings Theatre Wow Celebrity 2 hours ago Katherine Heigl: My life's not perfect Katherine Heigl insists her life isn't "perfect" but admits she... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Diverse group of musicians help out on Fred Penner’s Hear the Music Miley Cyrus gets dog tattoo Amy Schumer still loves comedy Editorial Commentary Letters Columnists Cartoons Blogs Commenting Guidelines Apr 28, 2017 The Spectator's View: City council LRT decision deserves respect It's time for less anger and greater respect. Inside Opinion: Spec viewpoint and community analysis VIEW MORE OPINION Contests Spec 170 Your Stories Eye on the Area Eye on the Area Photo Submissions Newspaper in Education Commenting Guidelines Power of the Pen Community Partnerships Family Legal Matters Money Matters Top Employers Canada 150 Home and Garden Environment 9 hours ago Featured photo: Third annual Prom Project at Sir Allan MacNab Prom Project Hamilton offers formal wear to students who may otherwise have... Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Central rec centre improvements to start in May Ancaster’s Tiffany Hills School hosts first Autism Awareness Week Signpost Wheels.ca Family & Parenting Food Health & Fitness Home and Garden Home Style Travel 3 hours ago Dear Ellie: Future breakup is just imagined Q. My boyfriend of one year and I have amazing memories together so far. He... Latest Living Stories SEE MORE How to help Alzheimer’s patients enjoy life This couple took their 11-month-old camping for 12 days. Would you? Maritime table stands out Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Eye on the Area Spectator Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Spectator Recruitment Advertising 905-526-3200 YourClassifieds.ca 60% off Ground Turkey discount: 60% | value: $72.00 | You Save: $43.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days Reforming infants’ misshapen heads with plagiocephaly helmets Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Readers' Choice Winners SpecStore.ca Taste of Your Neighbourhood 60% off Ground Turkey discount: 60% | value: $72.00 | You Save: $43.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days Drive a diesel-powered vehicle and live in the Hamilton area? Home News Local Finding dignity for ashes found in a building... | Apr 29, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Finding dignity for ashes found in a building slated for demolition A man who discovered the urn on a dark and rainy night was determined to find dignity for the remains, which belonged to a woman with a big heart who lived an often painful life. Michelle TJ Crystal Photo courtesy Oerlemans family Michelle Oerlemans with son TJ and daughter Crystal. Urn Supplied photo Urn that contains the ashes of Michelle Oerlemans, found in a building on Melvin Avenue off Parkdale. Michelle and Crystal Photo courtesy Oerlemans family Michelle Oerlemans and her daughter Crystal. Michelle in White Rock Photo courtesy Oerlemans family Michelle Oerlemans in White Rock, B.C. in the early 1990s. next play/pause pre Hamilton Spectator By Jon Wells All day a cold rain fell, until water dripped through the ceiling and flooded the unit, which had no power, home only to ghosts and the remains of lives on the edge. It blended into the darkness, the vaselike container, with its black top and base and pattern of long narrow lines resembling fingers clutching it. She shouldn't have been there, not anymore, in a building on the brink of demolition, among boxes and plastic bags and chairs and sofas and Walmart flyers and crutches and half-empty pop bottles. A white beam of light, a green-gold flash, and in a glimpse it came to life: a nature scene on the container, the lines in fact cattails standing tall against a blue sky. Not everyone would know what it was, but the guy holding the flashlight did. An urn. His heart sank. He carried it into the cold wet January night. It was just after 6 p.m., the days short but getting brighter one minute at a time. Hey I'm back from the dead. She typed the post on her Facebook page. This was seven springs ago. It was just an expression, and typical of Michelle Oerlemans' shoot-from-the-hip style. But it was also more. She loved family and friends, but it was like — it was like, her father said, she was an island unto herself. She would disappear for months at a time even though she was always here, in Hamilton. She did venture, once, to the west coast, after getting married in the early 1990s. She lived there briefly with her husband, Chris, and their daughter in Surrey, B.C., where he found a job working construction. A second child, a boy, was conceived out there. But those few years stand as the exception in Michelle's life, a postcard of possibilities and mountains and sandy beaches at nearby White Rock on a half-moon bay. "When I die," she said, "I want my ashes brought out here." The man who found the urn took it to a funeral home but it was not theirs. They gave him a burgundy velvet bag to carry it in, and he continued his quest to find the person and dignity for their remains. His name is Graham Cubitt and he works for a nonprofit charity called Indwell, which so far has renovated nine buildings in the city and turned them into affordable housing. That's why he was there that night, investigating flooding in the beaten-down white-brick building Indwell had just bought on Melvin Avenue at Parkdale, a block south of Barton Street East. Long ago it was home to a popular blue-collar tavern and banquet hall called George and Mary's, but in recent years occupied by tenants living with poverty and other demons. He carried the velvet bag into City Hall. They didn't know what to do. Take it to the police? It was not a police matter, he had not found missing human remains; the person had been properly cremated. Indwell is a Christian-based enterprise and faith is his guiding light. As Easter week approached the task grew in importance. "It is the season of the Resurrection," he said. "One of our core values is hope … If the ashes in that urn were me, or a family member, I'd appreciate someone treating it with respect." He took it to a local priest, who handed it off to Ross Hutchinson, who oversees cremation at Holy Cross Cemetery in Paris, and who in his 30 years in the business had heard of an urn abandoned only a couple of times. Once, a family moved into a home and discovered an urn holding a child's ashes. Most who cremate loved ones bury the ashes, or find a way to scatter them in a river or ocean, at a golf course, in some cases even at Fort Erie Race Track, at the finish line. He opened the urn and looked for the stainless steel tag with a name on it. Thanks to everyone who posted happy birthday to me, you guys really made my day. Love you all xoxo It was Michelle's birthday, Dec. 17, 2012. A good day; she got to spend time with her son and daughter. Life was difficult. She went through long stretches where she didn't see her kids, or grandson, "the most beautiful grandbaby in the world," who she had full custody of at one point. I spent Christmas alone this year very depressing. oh well She and her husband had long ago split up. They met in their teens in the 1980s, bonding over a shared love of heavy metal music offering anthems to love and loss and stomping your troubles into dust. Michelle had long red hair and blue-green eyes and wasn't afraid to say what she thought. She had a big heart, loved being around people, yet at the same time could be unsure of herself and only want to be alone. She grew up with her younger brother, Chipper, in a little brown house on Canada Street, where each summer neighbours organized a Canada Day street party: flags, painted faces, hotdogs and cake and a tricycle parade. She was bused up the Mountain to Caledon high school, all-girls at the time, but dropped out. She spent a few months living with an aunt and uncle. No one writes their own story, not entirely. Michelle Oerlemans had family who struggled. She made choices, but was also chosen, a dark road to the wrong people available. In the early 2000s she had a cancer diagnosis but bounced back from it. She didn't have regular work, but landed a telemarketing job. Start my new job tomorrow. Yeah!! More money, good money 15 bucks an hour! Moments with her kids were the greatest times of her life, nothing came close to the passion she felt for them. Poor health, and drug addiction, slowly transformed her, but at her best, when Michelle entered a room, she was it, she had a beautiful presence. The Leafs play tonight. Go Leafs Go!! She wrote the post as the new year dawned in 2013. She enjoyed wearing her blue and white Toronto Maple Leafs sweater. Michelle's son lived with his father but her daughter chose to stay with her, and that was not a good thing for the daughter, not there. They were entombed in a beaten-down apartment where Michelle was drawn to broken people she wanted to help, even though she desperately needed it herself. Graham Cubitt heard it through the grapevine: the ashes in the urn had a name. The woman named Michelle Oerlemans had been lost, but now her ashes were found. He felt good about that. The man she had last lived with was listed as the next of kin with the funeral home that handled the cremation. He was also likely the one who left the urn behind when he vacated the building. He did not return calls from the funeral home. At least the urn, which had been a day or so away from ending up in a dumpster or pulverized in demolition, was safe. Her father, Benny, was outraged, hated the thought that someone didn't care enough to take care of the ashes. On the bright side, he wants to thank the man who rescued the urn. Someone did care. But it brought it all back, memories, pain and loss that good friends help him keep at bay during the day, but which haunt him at night — of Michelle, and his son Chipper, who was taken away by illness at just 43. The funeral home will work out arrangements with the family for the urn. Benny wants to bury the ashes with his parents in Holy Sepulchre Catholic Cemetery. Michelle's son, in his early 20s, wants to fly it out west. Maybe that's where the remnants of her bodily life will rest, in an ocean or bay, carried on currents toward a mist-soaked horizon like a waiting dream. Well I have breast cancer isn't this just great here we go again Her last post, May 10, 2013. They told her she had the disease the last five years. She was stage four. The next day Michelle wrote a friend; they should watch the Leafs game. That December she received happy 45th birthday wishes on her page. She did not reply. Less than a week later, a Sunday morning, freezing rain peppered the city, her world enveloped in a cold fog. That's when she died, three days before Christmas, her son and daughter at her bedside. It wasn't long before that when she had summoned the will to leave the hospital to be at home one last stretch. Perhaps it had felt nicely defiant. Back from the dead. That's when she saw her younger cousin, Tanya, on the Barton Street bus. She looked into her cousin's eyes, which resembled her own blue-greens. "I don't have much longer to live," she said. Michelle was weak, could barely talk. But she had the power to remember. And to write the ending. "Don't forget the good times we had. And always remember me from what you know." jwells@thespec.com 905-526-3515 | @jonjwells Jon Wells is a reporter with the Hamilton Spectator. Email jwells@thespec.com. Twitter @jonjwells. | (0) Comments Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Most Read SEE MORE See the $36M Toronto penthouse at the heart of a high-profile divorce Woman rescued from crane faces six criminal mischief charges Mac’s longest-serving president, Peter George, ‘bled maroon and grey’ LRT to Eastgate Square reborn after council nod Hamilton weather watch: Severe thunderstorms, 90 km/h wind gusts In Your Neighbourhood Today Tips to create the perfect orange citrus planter With the official first day of spring behind us, gardeners and DIY enthusiasts are gearing up for a... Growing cacti with TERRA Growing cacti is a thing once again! A cactus makes a great houseplant because most of our homes... WEALTH MATTERS: 5 robo advisor myths revisited No, we're not a team of robots. And yes, you really can pick up the phone and call us. Robo... The basics of a high-torque converter, and why you need one J&K Converters Ltd. in Baden, Ontario, realizes that many drivers don't think about torque... Many dental services under one roof is a reason to smile You only have one mouth, so why should you have to go to multiple oral care facilities when you can... Living well with diabetes The friendly and caring team at Paramount Pharmasave in Stoney Creek can be an integral part of... WEALTH MATTERS: An Investment in You I founded Nest Wealth because I firmly believed Canadians deserved a better option when it came to... Fine dining in style doesn't have to be expensive Fine dining doesn't have to be cost prohibitive, which happens to be a mission of Aberfoyle Mill... Burlington’s high energy meets a dynamic lifestyle at Paradigm Condos Beautifully set along the shores of Lake Ontario, Burlington exudes a sense of youthful optimism.... Legal Matters: The hazards of icy sidewalks Question: I slipped and fell on a sidewalk covered with ice and snow and I fractured my wrist.... Structuring your business : The benefits of incorporating The business law offices of Inch Hammond Business Lawyers have been providing experienced legal... From concept to reality: Create the outdoor space of your dreams Dream Concepts Group of Mount Hope, Ontario, can help you to create the outdoor living spaces and... Canada’s best mid-size city deserves the best Condos Strategically placed in the centre of the Golden Horseshoe, Burlington has been ranked the best... Renewing a mortgage: Some important advice for when it comes time to renew The Mortgage Centre Hale/Grifa & Associates in Hamilton points out that when it comes time to renew... Canadian Tire: History of a revered Canadian icon When you next walk into Canadian Tire Hamilton Centre on Barton Street East in Hamilton, you may... Braces and supports for those twists and strains in life Paramount Pharmasave in Stoney Creek, Ontario, carries a comprehensive selection of therapeutic... Health of the colon and colon hydrotherapy A healthy colon is so important to our health, explains health and wellness clinic Elemental... Discover the benefits of a new front door First impressions are everything, and that's why if you're looking to upgrade the look of your... Early orthodontic care can benefit your child for life Braces are a great tool for correcting bite problems and tooth alignment in adults, but kids can... Paradigm Condominiums: Innovating on all Fronts Since its launch, Paradigm Condominiums has been dedicated to innovation in Burlington,... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   60% off Ground Turkey $29 View Deal 95% off Prescription Eyeglasses $15 View Deal 50% off Chicken Breasts $35 View Deal Up to 41% off Prix Fixe Dinner $49 View Deal 58% off Breaded Chicken Breasts $30 View Deal 60% off Ground Chicken $29 View Deal Up to 48% off Salt Cave Sessions $15 View Deal 53% off Exterior Window Cleaning $59 View Deal View All Deals MORE LOCAL Spectator wins top honours at the Ontario Newspaper Awards St. Joe’s CEO chairs mortgage firm that got health pension bailout MAHONEY: City leads move to World Dance for Parkinson’s Start2Finish: Hamilton kids’ right to run and succeed Locke Street bank robbery suspect still at large TheSpec Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Become a Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Eye on the Area Photo Submissions FAQ Manage My Subscription Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Sitemap SpecStore.ca Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com HamiltonNews.com InsideHalton.com Mississauga.com NiagaraThisWeek.com NorfolkNews.ca Sachem.ca TheRecord.com Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com LeaseBusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← Bill Nye The Eugenics Guy Wants To Know: Should Parents Be Penalized For Having “Extra Kids”? The Word From the Trenches – April 28, 2017 → Cop Who Broke Elderly Vet’s Ribs, Caught on Video AGAIN, Attacking Innocent Grandpa Posted on April 28, 2017 by # 1 NWO Hatr Free Thought Project – by Jack Burns Buda, TX — For the second time in less than a year, a police officer with the Buda Police Department is being sued for excessive force and violating the civil rights of two elderly citizens. The Free Thought Project brought you the story of 73-year-old veteran Juan Martinez, who was thrown to the ground in a Buda, TX by Officer Demerriel Young in the local Walmart for questioning his authority apparently. This time, he’s being sued for excessive use of force against a senior citizen, in his own home.   Leonard Miguel Garcia, of Buda, was at his home when police arrived to remove his grandchildren from his home, an action which is likely to make anyone become anxious. Police officers DeMerriel Young and Kellie Metz were present and were invited into the home. Young begins to address the situation by advising the children were being removed, apparently taken from the custody of their mother, Mr. Garcia’s step-granddaughter. A family friend, asked the question if the children could be placed into her custody since she said the courts had already approved such an arrangement. Young implied it may be a possibility in the future but for the night the children would be remanded into the care of CPS. It was at that point in the meeting with police Mr. Garcia got up from his couch and removed his overcoat, apparently no longer needing it since the meeting moved from outdoors to indoors. Young demanded Garcia return to his couch, to which he responded, “This is my house!” From Young’s body camera footage it’s not so easily noticed that Garcia was complying with Young’s demands, but from Metz’ body camera angle, it can clearly be seen Garcia was walking back to the couch when Young applied a forearm, driving Garcia into his couch and injuring the man. They also nearly injured one of Garcia’s grandchildren in the process. At this point, Metz joined Young in subduing a man who was, arguably, not resisting arrest and was being fully compliant. The pair began to yell the all too often used, worn out expression, “stop resisting” to somehow imply the elderly gentleman was foolish enough to do so in light of the overwhelming police force and presence in his home. While being manhandled, Garcia began to demand the officers leave if they didn’t have a warrant to be in his home. Metz had been threatening to taser Garcia throughout what appears to be a one-sided physical altercation, with police doing all the physical harm. Apparently, Mr. Garcia’s squirming under the weight of two police officers was enough justification in her mind to go through with tasing Garcia. She deployed the taser, provoking the man to scream loudly as he was under intense pain. Now both officers, the police department, and the city are being sued for violating his Fourth Amendment rights. In an exclusive interview with Garcia’s attorney, Robert Ranco, The Free Thought Project was able to discover there’s much more to the story. We asked Ranco about his client’s state of mind. He said, “What we can glean…[was] he was agitated…but that is a difficult situation that’s a far cry from being somebody about to do something violent against the police officer.” Ranco maintains that while his client was agitated with the presence of police in his home, he wasn’t “ripping his tank top off” ready to fight. He simply stated, “If they’re going to demand entry into a home, they do (need to have a search warrant).” Ranco’s case against the officers is a federal civil rights case and he says, “The part that makes this more interesting it’s that this is the second federal lawsuit I’ve filed against him (officer Demario Young and the City of Buda police department). That fact, alone, ought to raise some red flags,” he suggested. Indeed it is the second time Ranco has sued Young. As we stated earlier, the first incident involved Juan Martinez being thrown to the ground by Young, an action which broke four of his ribs. Ranco elaborated on the first lawsuit. He responded to a call at the Walmart. We’re talking about a disabled man who just stepped out of his scooter. He too was agitated because it was a stressful situation. Officer young said get out of the office or I’ll put you out. Officer Young put his hands on mr. Martinez and slammed him to the ground breaking five ribs…All I know is this is the second civil rights/excessive use of force 4th amendment violation case that’s come across my desk in the last seven months involving the same officer and the same police department. When asked if the police department reprimanded or disciplined Young in either case, Ranco responded, “To the best of my knowledge, no one involved in either incident has been disciplined or reprimanded in any way.” As The Free Thought Project has reported continually, police officers all across the U.S. use excessive force on American citizens. Without video evidence, it’s almost always impossible to prove. Fortunately, there’s body camera footage from this case to help prove the prosecution’s contention a man’s civil rights were violated. “I think the common thread is, in a nutshell, excessive use of force. Neither man was suspected of breaking any law or crime. They were both present and displayed some level of non-compliance…but you can’t jump from there to…(physical takedowns and excessive force),” Ranco said. The lawyer stated there are three conditions which must be met before use of force can be used. The suspect either has to have committed a crime, been posing a threat or were attempting to flee. Ranco contends his client did not do any of those three things. “If somebody is not a threat to somebody, you can’t use that level of force…putting hands on someone without first trying to de-escalate is just wrong,” he said. Ranco defended his client’s demands for the law to be followed. He said the simple request his client made seemed legitimate. “Show me a warrant or get out of my house seems like a reasonable demand of any police officer,” he contended. The lawyer has some harsh criticisms for the officers’ claims his client was resisting arrest. “I think it’s falsifying a public record and charges should be brought against an officer who says ‘stop resisting’ when they’re obviously not resisting,” he charged. He then added, “Mr. Garcia was in fact on his way back to the couch when officer Young puts his forearm into the back of Mr. Garcia forcing him down to the couch.” Addressing the similarities in the cases involving both of his clients, Martinez and Garcia, Ranco said, “There were no crimes that they themselves were suspected of having committed. There was no reason to think they were a threat to anybody. They were not fleeing the scene. “What the officer should have done in each situation was to say, ‘I understand you’re upset, lets’ talk about it.’ When there are alternatives to using force police officers have to use those options before they go down the road of using force.” We discussed the unspoken rule that some officers seem to live by — all individuals must comply with police officer demands — 100 percent of the time. Ranco seems to understand, saying, “What we see too often and what it brings to mind is the caricature of Eric Cartman of Southpark Respect my authority’. It’s hilarious when you’re not on the other end of that. This is the mindset that actual police officers have on the street and utilize and that’s terrifying. It’s funny in a cartoon but not in the real world.” He added that he feels incredibly frustrated when the police simply won’t accept responsibility for their actions. The outspoken lawyer recently made headlines for offering to give up his six-figure fee for representing his client. All the authorities would have to do is simply apologize to his client. They couldn’t. So, he doesn’t’ let up. “How hard is it just to admit you make mistakes. How do you get better if you don’t admit what you did yesterday was wrong.” Well, Mr. Ranco, that would be a sign of weakness to police officers to admit they made a mistake. We see it in the case of Melissa Calusinski and others. They would rather send an innocent person to prison than admit they might have it all wrong. Read more at http://thefreethoughtproject.com/twice-one-year-cop-sued-abusing-elderly/#LkTiUxCc4MxpLA6H.99 Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News, Videos. Bookmark the permalink. 986 ← Bill Nye The Eugenics Guy Wants To Know: Should Parents Be Penalized For Having “Extra Kids”? The Word From the Trenches – April 28, 2017 → 4 Responses to Cop Who Broke Elderly Vet’s Ribs, Caught on Video AGAIN, Attacking Innocent Grandpa Volthair says: April 28, 2017 at 12:19 pm This guy should be made to run the gauntlet of 1000 octogenarians flailing away with spike tipped canes. Reply kevin says: April 28, 2017 at 1:58 pm lmao Reply Enemy of the State says: April 28, 2017 at 5:13 pm Pu$$y pig This comes down to nothing but being a bully Beat up on an old man .. I wish your mom would slap the taste outa yer mouth Assault charges are felonies Let’s start making them stick Get it to where If the “just us” system won’t put him behind bars Make it so he will want to be in protective custody Reply flee says: April 28, 2017 at 6:57 pm Ribs… Ribs……? Who doesn’t like ribs ? If you don’t like smoked ribs with a strawberry glaze…there’s something fkn wrong with you. Even if you’re muslim. But seniors ribs broken … Just don’t taste as good. Plus they scream when you put them on the grill. On the cannibalism menu. I would rate them at about a # 5 on the Carls Junior drive thru menu. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments RT Hawk on The History of May Day RT Hawk on Albert King & Stevie Ray Vaughan – In Session Angel-NYC on Trump proclaims May 1 as ‘Loyalty Day’ cracker122049 on Trump proclaims May 1 as ‘Loyalty Day’ DL. on Trump proclaims May 1 as ‘Loyalty Day’ DL. on Trump proclaims May 1 as ‘Loyalty Day’ Hal Apeeno on Trump proclaims May 1 as ‘Loyalty Day’ BMF on Trump proclaims May 1 as ‘Loyalty Day’ Hal Apeeno on Trump proclaims May 1 as ‘Loyalty Day’ BMF on Trump proclaims May 1 as ‘Loyalty Day’ Hal Apeeno on No chemtrails today and Mother Nature is cooperating with me. Hal Apeeno on No chemtrails today and Mother Nature is cooperating with me. RT Hawk on Documents Tie Berkeley Riot Organizers To Pro-Pedophilia Group, NAMBLA Frank Face on Trump proclaims May 1 as ‘Loyalty Day’ koyote( mlk was a proud commie ) on Trump: “Hey, I’m A Nationalist And A Globalist” koyote( mlk was a proud commie ) on Former officer charged with hitting kids with car, killing 1 koyote( mlk was a proud commie ) on Trump proclaims May 1 as ‘Loyalty Day’ Paul on Trump proclaims May 1 as ‘Loyalty Day’ NC on Trump proclaims May 1 as ‘Loyalty Day’ Frank Face on Trump proclaims May 1 as ‘Loyalty Day’ Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2017 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News Sports Business Real Estate Alert 78° Full Menu Alert 78° Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Nation & World April 28, 2017 8:03 PM Police: bounty hunters shot 2 men, one died; charges sought By SHEILA BURKE Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story NASHVILLE, Tenn. Police in Tennessee say investigators believe bounty hunters shot two men in a wild incident last weekend that began in a Wal-Mart parking lot, fatally wounding one of them, but that neither was the person they were trying to serve with a warrant. Clarksville Police will ask a grand jury in Montgomery County on Monday to bring charges from the shooting, police spokesman Jim Knoll said. Police are also asking questions about who is regulating bounty hunters. Authorities released few details about Sunday's shooting before the case heads to the grand jury. The man who died has been identified as 24-year-old Jalen Johnson, a father of three children from Clarksville. His family says Johnson was an innocent man gunned down in a case of mistaken identity. "Absolutely, they were out of control," Johnson's uncle, Toni Jenkins, said of the bounty hunters. "The objective of a bounty hunter is to identify a suspect and serve them with a warrant and bring them to jail, but that's not what happened." Knoll said the bounty hunters confronted four men in a Nissan sedan parked at a Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market in Clarksville just after midnight Sunday. Shots were fired and bounty hunters then chased the men for nearly seven miles, he added. The police spokesman wouldn't say how many bounty hunters were involved, when the shots were fired and what exactly transpired in the parking lot. It's not clear why the bounty hunters confronted the men in the vehicle. Not one of them, Knoll said, had an outstanding warrant. Jenkins said the men in the car with his nephew Jalen Johnson had no idea who the people in the cars were, adding they drove into the Wal-Mart parking lot and blocked in their car. "They just thought they were some gang or something," Jenkins said. One of the bounty hunters smashed out a window in the car, the uncle said. The vehicle, where Johnson was a passenger in the back seat, took off because the men were afraid, he said. The uncle said the bounty hunters started shooting in the parking lot and continued to fire while they were chasing the Nissan with Johnson and his three friends in it. "They were shooting and ramming the car and everything," Jenkins said. Clarksville Police would not say whether there was a high-speed chase involving gunfire and a vehicle being rammed. But authorities said they are very troubled by what happened and the risk to the men in the vehicle and to the public. "Any time you start firing off bullets and chasing people you're putting the public in danger, no matter who it is," Knoll said. Clarksville is about 50 miles (80 kilometers) northwest of Nashville near the Tennessee line with Kentucky. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago Documentary Trailer: Elián 2:05 a day ago Documentary Trailer: Elián 2:09 2 days ago U.F.O.s: What does the government know? 0:38 2 days ago Surveillance video shows bus driver evacuating students following head-on collision View More Video Nation & World Investments in Russia become focus in congressional race Nearly 50 people taken to hospitals after Texas tornado At 100 days in, Trump rallies backers in PA, claims 'change' 1 dead amid flooding, strong thunderstorms in Midwest AP News in Brief at 12:04 a.m. EDT Nation & World Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Customer Care Contact Us Staff Directory Circulation Redeliver Paper Vacation Hold Online Access Help Newsroom Corrections News Tip Letters to the Editor You Said It Media Kit Place a Classified Subscribe Login Register 34° F Clear Wind NW at 4 MPH Pressure 1021 MB Dewpoint 18° F Visibility 8 miles Area forecast >     Home Weather Breaking News Columnists Obituaries Magazines Coupons Oil & Gas RSS Contests News Western Colorado Colorado U.S. World Business Blotter Politics Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns You Said It Sports High School CMU GJ Rockies Local Results College Columns Community JUCO Wrestling Outdoors Hiking & Camping Biking Hunting & Fishing Snow Sports Spring Summer Fall Winter Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home & Garden Food Celebrate! Pets Entertainment Music Movies Television Puzzles & Games Festivals and Events Blogs Music on the Goe Birds and More Photos & Video All Photo Galleries All Videos Sandstone to Summit Directories Downtown Grand Junction Local Business Churches Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Cars • Articles/Galleries/Videos • Classifieds • Business Directory Tip: Use quotation marks to search for articles. SHARE Blotter, April 30, 2017 By Staff Saturday, April 29, 2017 Police seek details in stolen credit card case The Grand Junction Police Department is seeking the public’s help to identify a man caught on security cameras using a stolen credit card. Someone stole a black and gray Michael Kors wallet from a vehicle parked at Pueblo Magico Authentic Restaurant, 2839 North Ave., sometime between 12:30 a.m. and 1 a.m. on Sunday, Jan. 29. The man on video uses the card at the North Avenue Walmart a few hours later. Tipsters can anonymously call Crime Stoppers at 241-7867. If information leads to arrest, they’ll pay cash rewards of up to $1,000. More information is available at 241STOP.com.   According to the Mesa County Sheriff’s Office: ■ Deputies took a report of fraud in the 600 block of Deer Park Court on May 1, 2016. ■ Thomas High, 36, is accused of felony menacing and reckless driving on Wednesday. ■ Samantha Roche, 32, is accused of third-degree assault, domestic violence and child abuse on Thursday. COMMENTS TOP JOBS Delivery Route BUSINESS OPPORTUNITYWould you like to deliver newspapersa... Rn Find Your Life'sWork at HopeWestImmediate Openings forRegi... Rn, Lpn, Cna And Cook Mantey Heights Rehab & Care CentreNew Wage ScaleFT, PT &am... Assistant Or Associate Professor Of Physician Assistant Studies/physician Assistant Program Director Department of KinesiologyASSISTANT or ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR ofPHYSICIAN... Rocky Mountain Health Plans Opportunities Administrative Support IVProvide administrative support including sch... Full Time Teller/csr Full Time Teller/CSRposition with benefits including paid time... Search More Jobs GJSENTINEL.COM Sections • Grand Junction News • Grand Junction Weather • Grand Junction Opinion • Grand Junction Sports • Grand Junction Lifestyle • Grand Junction Entertainment • Grand Junction Blogs • Grand Junction Obituaries Contact • Staff directory • Send a news tip • Corrections • Report a broken link • Submit a letter to the Editor • Submit a You Said It • Sign up for Email Updates Marketplace • Grand Junction Classifieds • Find Grand Junction Jobs • Grand Junction Real Estate • Grand Junction Rentals • Grand Junction Cars • Place an ad THE DAILY SENTINEL 734 S. Seventh St. Grand Junction, CO 81501 970-242-5050; M-F 8:00 - 5:00 Editions • Subscribe to print edition • E-edition Advertisers • Advertiser Tearsheet • Information © 2017 Grand Junction Media, Inc. By using this site you agree to the Visitor Agreement and the Privacy Policy
Our site uses cookies. By continuing to use our site you are agreeing to our cookies policy.Accept and close Accessibility LinksSkip to content Sunday April 30 2017 SubscribeLog in Read the full article Just register a few details. Get access Amazon: America’s No 2 fashion retailer Danny Fortson in San Francisco April 30 2017, 12:01am, The Sunday Times Thousands of retailers are being put to the wall, as Amazon’s sales figures rocketALAMY Amazon has risen to become America’s second-biggest clothing seller behind Wal-Mart — an ascendance that has coincided with what is shaping up to be the worst year on record for US apparel retailers. Credit Suisse predicted that more than 8,600 stores would close across America this year, the highest number on record and 40% more than in the recession of 2008. Analysts at Morgan Stanley predict that by 2021, US department stores will account for just 6% of clothing sales, a three-quarters drop since 2006. Amazon, the world’s largest online retailer, owes its growing dominance to Prime, its £79-a-year subscription service that offers perks such as free two-day delivery and access to its growing catalogue of films and television series. At least 66m people — most… Want to read more? Register with a few details to continue reading this article. Get access Already a subscriber? Login You are now logged out Your choice of two articles a week Unlock quality journalism on the topics that you decide matter mostRegister now Or enjoy full access Subscribe and catch up with all the stories behind the headlinesSubscribe today Already a member? Log in Back to top Get in touch Contact us Help The Times Editorial Complaints The Sunday Times Editorial Complaints Place an announcement Classified advertising Display advertising The Times corrections The Sunday Times corrections More from The Times and The Sunday Times The Times e-paper The Sunday Times e-paper Times Currency Services The Sunday Times Wine Club Encounters Dating Times Print Gallery The Times Archive Times Crossword Club Sunday Times Driving Times+ The Sunday Times Rich List Insider City Guides Good University Guide Parent Power © Times Newspapers Limited 2017.  Registered in England No. 894646.  Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, SE1 9GF. Privacy & cookie policy Syndication Commissioning Terms Terms and conditions Stay well-informed Receive complimentary access to two articles from The Times and The Sunday Times every weekGet access now No credit card requiredI'm ok thanks
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Peoples Financial Services Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Peoples Financial Services Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Park City Group (PCYG) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows LCI Industries (DW) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.31 Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Peoples Financial Services Corp (PFIS) Stock Price KLR Group Reaffirms Buy Rating for Hess Corp. (HES) McDonald's Co. (MCD) Given “Outperform” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG Drexel Hamilton Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Silicon Laboratories (SLAB) Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Buy Rating for Centene Corp (CNC) Eli Lilly and Co (LLY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Balfour Beatty plc (BBY) Receives GBX 305.29 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Juniper Networks, Inc. (JNPR) Given Neutral Rating at Robert W. Baird AT&T Inc. (T) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Deutsche Bank AG AT&T Inc. (T) Given “Neutral” Rating at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Unlikely to Impact MEDNAX (MD) Stock Price Positive Media Coverage Very Unlikely to Impact Enterprise Financial Services Corp (EFSC) Stock Price Noodles & Co (NDLS) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Signature Bank (SBNY) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Finds First Republic Bank (FRC) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.16 Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Del Frisco's Restaurant Group Inc (DFRG) E I Du Pont De Nemours And Co (DD) Earns Buy Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Celadon Group, Inc. (CGI) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Peoples Financial Services Corp (PFIS) Stock Price April 29th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News articles about Peoples Financial Services Corp (NASDAQ:PFIS) have been trending positive this week, AlphaOne reports. The research group, a service of Accern, identifies negative and positive press coverage by monitoring more than twenty million news and blog sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Peoples Financial Services Corp earned a news sentiment score of 0.31 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned media stories about the financial services provider an impact score of 42 out of 100, meaning that recent press coverage is somewhat unlikely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the near future. Here are some of the news articles that may have impacted Alpha One’s rankings: PEOPLES FINANCIAL SERVICES CORP. Declares Second Quarter 2017 Dividend (finance.yahoo.com) Walmart pushes deeper into financial services (cbsnews.com) Peoples Financial Services Corp (PFIS) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows (americanbankingnews.com) PEOPLES FINANCIAL SERVICES CORP. : Change in Directors or Principal Officers, Financial Statements and Exhibits (form 8-K) (4-traders.com) Peoples Financial Services Corp (PFIS) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results (americanbankingnews.com) Peoples Financial Services Corp (NASDAQ:PFIS) traded up 2.00% on Friday, reaching $44.94. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 3,780 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $332.29 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.97 and a beta of 1.00. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $41.53 and its 200-day moving average price is $43.45. Peoples Financial Services Corp has a 52 week low of $35.26 and a 52 week high of $50.54. Peoples Financial Services Corp (NASDAQ:PFIS) last released its quarterly earnings data on Monday, April 24th. The financial services provider reported $0.65 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter. The firm earned $19.63 million during the quarter. Peoples Financial Services Corp had a return on equity of 7.61% and a net margin of 23.07%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Peoples Financial Services Corp (PFIS) Stock Price” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/29/favorable-press-coverage-somewhat-unlikely-to-affect-peoples-financial-services-corp-pfis-stock-price.html. Peoples Financial Services Corp Company Profile Peoples Financial Services Corp. is a bank holding company. The Company provides a range of financial services through its subsidiary, Peoples Security Bank and Trust Company (Peoples Bank), including its subsidiary, Peoples Advisors, LLC. Peoples Bank is a state-chartered bank and trust company. Peoples Advisors, LLC, provides investment advisory services through a third party to individuals and small businesses. Receive News & Ratings for Peoples Financial Services Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Peoples Financial Services Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: magicvalley.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Local Mini-Cassia Crime & Courts The Big Story Business Agriculture Government & Politics Education Community National Wildfires Sports High School Sports College of Southern Idaho Boise State Bliss High School: Bears Prep Sports Buhl High School: Indians Prep Sports Burley High School: Bobcats Prep Sports Carey High School: Panthers Prep Sports Castleford High School: Wolves Prep Sports Camas County High School: Mushers Prep Sports Canyon Ridge High School: Riverhawks Prep Sports Community School: Cutthroats Prep Sports Declo High School: Hornets Prep Sports Dietrich High School: Devils Prep Sports Filer High School: Wildcats Prep Sports Glenns Ferry High School: Pilots Prep Sports Gooding High School: Senators Prep Sports Hagerman High School: Pirates Prep Sports Hansen High School: Huskies Prep Sports Jerome High School: Tigers Prep Sports Kimberly High School: Bulldogs Prep Sports Lighthouse Christian School: Lions Prep Sports Minico High School: Spartans Prep Sports Murtaugh High School: Red Devils Prep Sports Oakley High School: Hornets Prep Sports Richfield High School: Tigers Prep Sports Raft River High School: Trojans Prep Sports Shoshone High School: Indians Prep Sports Twin Falls High: Bruins Prep Sports Valley High School: Vikings Prep Sports Wendell High School: Trojans Prep Sports Wood River High: Wolverines Prep Sports Lifestyles Entertainment Outdoors Faith & Values Food Calendar People Opinion Our View Other Views Letters to the Editor Blogs Photos & Videos Photo Galleries Video Photo Blog Obituaries Weather Games & Puzzles Buy & Sell Business Directory Real Estate Autos Classifieds Today's Deal Place an Ad Newspaper Ads Jobs Weekly Ads e-Edition Contact Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 40° Twin Falls, ID (83301) Today Mostly cloudy. High 61F. Winds WSW at 15 to 25 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low 38F. Winds WSW at 15 to 25 mph. Updated: April 29, 2017 @ 11:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Opinion Events Obituaries Buy & Sell At a Glance 4 hrs ago 0 SW Idaho man’s request to withdraw guilty plea rejected CALDWELL (AP) — An Idaho man who pleaded guilty to a shooting that seriously wounded a 10-year-old girl will not be allowed to withdraw his guilty plea. KTVB-TV reports a judge earlier this week rejected the request by 20-year-old Mario Garza. Garza and Ezri Garcia were charged after a June 2016 shootout at a Nampa Walmart where families had gathered to watch a fireworks show. The girl was struck in the shoulder, and surgeons were unable to remove the bullet due to possible nerve damage. Garza pleaded guilty in November to aggravated assault with a weapons enhancement and felony riot with a gang enhancement. He asked to withdraw his plea in February. He faces up to 18 years in prison at his sentencing next month. Garcia pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 19 years in prison. Man in custody following fatal shooting in SW Idaho home NAMPA (AP) — One man is dead and another is in custody following a shooting in a southwest Idaho home. Police in Nampa arrested 38-year-old Phillip Cabrera on Friday after being called to the home by a woman who reported her estranged husband was trying to break in. Police say Cabrera made it into the home before officers arrived. Police say officers heard shots fired in the home when they got to the scene and that Cabrera fired at officers. Police say officers didn’t fire their weapons. Cabrera was taken into custody shortly after. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Police found another man dead with gunshot wounds to the head and torso. His name hasn’t been released. A woman and two children were found safe in the home. Cabrera is being held on suspicion of murder and attempted murder of a law enforcement officer. Wilder superintendent to run for Idaho schools chief BOISE (AP) — Wilder School Superintendent Jeff Dillon has filed to run for state superintendent of public instruction in 2018. Dillon, a Republican, is the first candidate to file for the position after current Superintendent of Public Instruction Sherri Ybarra announced she would also be seeking re-election. Dillon has worked as Wilder’s superintendent since 2012. Previously, he was an elementary school principal, and a middle school science and reading teacher. In 2014, the schools chief race attracted a wide range of candidates with mostly educator backgrounds and almost no political experience. Ybarra narrowly won the election despite facing a rocky campaign and raising little funds. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Phillip Cabrera Police Criminal Law Mario Garza Officer Crime Sherri Ybarra Jeff Dillon Ezri Garcia × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. See All Print Ads CANYON FLORAL - Ad from 2017-04-30 WOK & GRILL - Ad from 2017-04-30 BROCKMAN FAMILY CHIROPRACTIC - Ad from 2017-04-30 KMP Planning - Ad from 2017-04-30 Bulletin Currents +4 Southern Idaho Entertainment Summer movie preview: Highlights from May through August Election 2016 Live From 0-100: Comparing recent presidents' first days in office Election 2016 Live What does Trump's order to review national monuments mean? Reynolds leads Rockies' comeback over Diamondbacks Dodgers scored 4 in the ninth to beat Phillies 6-5 Joe Manganiello's gigantic role Katherine Heigl: My life's not perfect Sites & Partners Print Edition Online Magic Valley Wheels Today's Deal Online Features Tools & Services Customer Service Subscribe Activate Advertise Email Alerts Contact Us About Us © Copyright 2017 Times-News, 132 Fairfield ST W Twin Falls, ID | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Sunday April 30th, 2017 About Us How to Advertise Staff Archives Contact Us Webmail Menu Home News Business Opinions Women Technology Sports Education Lifestyle Society Entertainment Homes and Gardening Fashion Health OK Where to build Trump's wall? By: Ricardo Hausmann Published: April 30, 2017 Opinions Print Email Facebook Tweet +1 0 comments Ricardo Hausmann More in Opinions Traffic Police, here's a road habit to fight Editorial: Young voters hold the future of their country in their hands The Kenyan election that will be more about the next one What do Huntsville (Alabama), Princeton (Indiana), Georgetown (Kentucky), Blue Springs (Mississippi), San Antonio (Texas), Buffalo (West Virginia), and Greer (South Carolina) have in common? They are the locations where Toyota and BMW built their manufacturing plants in the United States. None is in the US Rust Belt – the tract of industrial towns stretching from Michigan to eastern Pennsylvania – where much of the car industry and its suppliers were traditionally located. Evidently, the US Rust Belt’s decline was not the exclusive doing of China and Mexico. It was also caused by the auto industry’s geographic spread into other regions of the US, out of the clusters in which it had originally been concentrated. And this shift resulted not so much because GM moved its plants, but because it lost market share to Toyota, Nissan, Honda, Hyundai, BMW, and Mercedes-Benz. Of course, pointing this out does not reduce the pain for those affected. But it does change the policy implications – and the lessons from the US example are relevant worldwide. Two approaches have been pursued so far to help communities affected by this phenomenon. The first is embodied in the US Trade Adjustment Assistance (TAA) program, which provides workers affected by international competition with financial support for retraining, job search, relocation, income maintenance, and health insurance. The second approach is to provide trade protection to affected industries, as US President Donald Trump has promised to do. Neither approach is likely to help the Rust Belt. Any economy’s success is very much affected by the performance of that sliver of activities that can sell their output to outsiders. And what is true for countries is also true for states, cities, and towns, provided we redefine what we mean by selling to “outsiders.” These “export” activities have an outsize and amplified impact on the growth of the local economy as a whole. Every geographic area must buy products it does not make and pay for them by selling to outsiders some of the output that it does make. But outsiders have the option of buying from others. So, these “export” activities face a level of competition that the local grocer, coffee shop, or barber does not. Moreover, the income brought into the community by the “exporters” creates a large multiplier effect. When a mine shuts down, the result is not just unemployed miners. The grocer, coffee shop, and barber go out of business, and everybody leaves, turning the place into a ghost town. The disruption can be caused not only by an industrial closure. Once upon a time, there were many relatively small department-store chains and other retailers with headquarters spread throughout the US and outlets in a few towns. These headquarters brought income into their town by providing back-office services to their network of stores. But consolidation in the retail industry, driven in part by Walmart and Amazon, dealt a deathblow to many of these companies. The impact on the local communities where these retailers were headquartered was as devastating as a mine closure: the “export” activity ceased and towns shrank by a multiple of each “export job” lost. Video rentals, bookstore chains, pharmacies, home improvement stores, electronics and camera shops, catalog stores, and more: all went the way of the horse and buggy. At the start of 2017, Walmart had 5,332 stores in the US. It is headquartered in Bentonville, Arkansas, where it employs more than 18,000 workers. Clearly, trade protection does not help if Detroit is competing with Blue Springs, Mississippi. Nor do import tariffs help those left unemployed by the bankruptcy of Blockbuster Video, Borders Books, CompUSA, Circuit City, Payless, or Virgin Megastores. In the meantime, employment at Amazon grew by 47% over the past year, to 341,000 people. But with Amazon employment concentrated in California, Texas, and Washington, the geography of those jobs is very different from that of those it is replacing. As with the geographic relocation of US manufacturing jobs, TAA is not a solution for this kind of ailment. After all, whereas TAA targets individuals directly impacted by foreign competition, much of the competition faced by local economies is not coming from abroad, and many of the jobs being lost are not in the industries directly affected by outside competition, but in the surrounding economy. Facilitating individuals’ relocation does nothing for those left behind in shrinking towns. With industry after industry disrupted by technological change, much of this pain is hard to avoid. But interventions at the individual level must be complemented with assistance at the level of local economies. The goal should be clear: as a town’s “export” industries are disrupted, new “export” activities must take their place, lest the town shrink and become impoverished. This highlights the need for what UK Prime Minister Theresa May has called a Modern Industrial Strategy, aimed at “delivering jobs and economic growth to every community and corner of the country” to “ensure [that] free trade and globalization work for all.” The writer is a former minister of planning of Venezuela and former Chief Economist of the Inter-American Development Bank. Copyright: Project Syndicate Please enable JavaScript to view the Comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus Most Popular The Kenyan election that will be more about the next one VIDEO: Spoken word remembers Genocide victims Premier Hailemariam concludes 3-day state visit Police arrest 4 suspects in murder of Kicukiro businesswoman Trade unions petition courts over dismissal of former EWSA employees My rasta friends Miners petition for pension benefits Rwanda's memorial sites and the stories they tell Letters Contractors should do their job professionally Higher Education Council to blame for varsity suspensions Seth Kigali landlords need to be more innovative Baingana & Ggwanga Mujje Technology alone won’t fix education challenges Cameo » More Letters © Copyright The New Times Rwanda 2007 - 2017 Privacy Policy Disclaimer Powered by Imaginet
Contact Us Contests BCE: 62.15 +0.13 RCI-B: 62.59 -0.16 T: 45.42 +0.13 SJR-B: 28.94 -0.07 QBR-B: 41.59 +0.08 News Apr 29, 2017 5:12 PM EDTLet your office crush know you like them with Feeld [Bot of the Week] Apr 29, 2017 12:45 PM EDTTidal Rider 2 – Swim away from human-hungry sharks [Game of the ... Apr 29, 2017 7:59 AM EDTNintendo details upcoming characters and improvements coming to Fire E... Apr 28, 2017 7:44 PM EDTHead of Google’s Pixel division leaves company Apr 28, 2017 6:19 PM EDTGoogle Maps could soon feature in-app ads Apr 28, 2017 5:55 PM EDTUber amps up campaign to bring ridesharing to B.C. amid provincial ele... Apr 28, 2017 5:39 PM EDTHere’s everything coming to CraveTV in May Apr 28, 2017 5:18 PM EDTLG Watch Style is now available in the Canadian Google Store Carriers Apr 28, 2017 4:06 PM EDTISED Canada says a 600MHz auction will take at least two more years Apr 28, 2017 10:56 AM EDTCRTC fines Calgary’s VOIS Inc. $15,000 for CCTS non-compliance Apr 27, 2017 3:11 PM EDTChatr extends promotional data offer until June 21 Apr 27, 2017 2:05 PM EDTChatr to raise rates on some pay-per-use plans and International Talk ... Apr 26, 2017 8:14 PM EDTTelus deploys free Wi-Fi and improved reception at Montréal’s J... Apr 26, 2017 12:52 PM EDTCRTC chair Blais criticizes carriers for fibre internet investment dou... Apr 26, 2017 10:54 AM EDTBell is preparing to release an ‘innovative’ over-the-top ... Apr 26, 2017 10:42 AM EDTFreedom Mobile launches Wi-Fi calling Manufacturers Apr 28, 2017 7:44 PM EDTHead of Google’s Pixel division leaves company Apr 27, 2017 5:33 PM EDTAlphabet Q1 2017 Earnings: Google reports strong earnings despite YouT... Apr 27, 2017 9:14 AM EDTSamsung Q1 2017: best quarter since 2013 despite weak mobile showing Apr 26, 2017 8:04 AM EDTNew 600MHz support means upcoming Snapdragon 835 phones may get better... Apr 21, 2017 9:02 PM EDTApple might be investigating broadband satellites, according to report Apr 21, 2017 12:18 PM EDTTCL teases BlackBerry KEYone news for next week, reveals retail packaging Apr 20, 2017 9:08 PM EDTGoogle and Huawei sued over Nexus 6P bootloop and battery drain issues Apr 17, 2017 6:43 PM EDTMoto Z2 Force leak shows inclusion of headphone jack Phones Apr 28, 2017 7:44 PM EDTHead of Google’s Pixel division leaves company Apr 28, 2017 10:31 AM EDTHTC squeezes just about everything in new HTC U11 ad Apr 28, 2017 8:43 AM EDTGoogle specifies Pixel and Nexus end of support dates Apr 27, 2017 6:29 PM EDTGoogle employee captures stunning night photos with Android smartphone... Apr 27, 2017 3:43 PM EDTSony’s Xperia XA1 to launch in Canada on May 5 Apr 27, 2017 12:20 PM EDTApple money-transfer service reportedly in the works Apr 27, 2017 11:11 AM EDTVirgin Mobile ranks highest, Rogers lowest in Canadian wireless custom... Apr 27, 2017 6:05 AM EDTBlackBerry KEYone available for pre-order in Canada on May 18th Tablets Apr 26, 2017 9:36 AM EDTGoogle clarifies which Chromebooks will get Android apps Apr 21, 2017 4:12 PM EDTQualcomm CEO says the first ARM-based Windows 10 PCs will arrive in Q4... Apr 11, 2017 12:49 PM EDTMicrosoft’s Spring event to focus on Windows 10 Cloud, not new S... Apr 4, 2017 1:54 PM EDTSamsung’s Tizen operating system is reportedly a hacker’s ... Apr 4, 2017 10:03 AM EDTAlcatel Pop 7 LTE tablet now available at Fido and Rogers Mar 31, 2017 1:27 PM EDTYou can now download Google Calendar on the iPad Mar 27, 2017 7:26 PM EDTMicrosoft won’t reveal new Surface Book 2 at spring hardware event Mar 24, 2017 2:57 PM EDTIn pictures: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Wearables Apr 28, 2017 5:18 PM EDTLG Watch Style is now available in the Canadian Google Store Apr 27, 2017 3:37 PM EDTHere’s how to get the elusive Huawei Watch 2 in Canada Apr 26, 2017 3:03 PM EDTDJI’s new Goggles allow you to see the world from your droneR... Apr 25, 2017 5:20 PM EDTFitbit investigating report of exploding Flex 2 in the United States Apr 25, 2017 2:51 PM EDTNASA’s Jeff Norris joins Apple to work on AR hardware Apr 25, 2017 11:39 AM EDT‘No plans to launch the Watch 2 in Canada right now,’ says... Apr 25, 2017 7:41 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – Facebook gears up for an AR/VR future Apr 21, 2017 5:19 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear VR with included controller is now available ... Virtual Reality Apr 26, 2017 3:50 PM EDTWatch live stand-up comedy in VR with Altspace VR Apr 24, 2017 3:07 PM EDTLook.Listen.Live aims to educate people about train safety with new VR... Apr 18, 2017 5:44 PM EDTFacebook launches augmented reality Camera Effects Platform Apr 18, 2017 2:41 PM EDTFacebook Spaces for Oculus VR launches today Apr 18, 2017 10:41 AM EDTWarner Bros. Entertainment patents AR/VR tech for home and movie theat... Apr 13, 2017 1:20 PM EDTKazuo Hirai, president of Sony confirms company is working on new VR e... Apr 13, 2017 12:04 PM EDTGoogle’s WebVR platform is now compatible with Cardboard Apr 13, 2017 11:47 AM EDT‘Eggstravaganza’ is Pokemon Go’s new Easter event Apps/Games Apr 29, 2017 5:12 PM EDTLet your office crush know you like them with Feeld [Bot of the Week] Apr 29, 2017 12:45 PM EDTTidal Rider 2 – Swim away from human-hungry sharks [Game of the ... Apr 29, 2017 7:59 AM EDTNintendo details upcoming characters and improvements coming to Fire E... Apr 28, 2017 6:19 PM EDTGoogle Maps could soon feature in-app ads Apr 28, 2017 5:55 PM EDTUber amps up campaign to bring ridesharing to B.C. amid provincial ele... Apr 28, 2017 5:39 PM EDTHere’s everything coming to CraveTV in May Apr 28, 2017 12:29 PM EDTMario Kart 8 Deluxe – What’s old is new again on the Switc... Apr 28, 2017 11:29 AM EDTNES Classic and Nintendo Switch in stock at Best Buy today [Update] Automotive Apr 28, 2017 11:52 AM EDTOntario budget 2017: government and auto insurance services to become ... Apr 24, 2017 9:02 PM EDTTaking an air taxi to work ‘is closer than many people realize&#... Apr 24, 2017 1:31 PM EDTTesla to double its charging network by the end of 2017 Apr 24, 2017 11:25 AM EDTAmazon reportedly creates team dedicated to driverless vehicle tech Apr 21, 2017 10:19 AM EDTTesla iOS and Android app update adds Powerwall support Apr 13, 2017 2:32 PM EDTElon Musk announces Tesla will reveal a semi-truck in September Apr 10, 2017 4:19 PM EDTUberSelect services and new Uber office opens in Calgary, Alberta Apr 7, 2017 7:27 AM EDTUniversity of Toronto and Waterloo finalists to compete in AutoDrive C... Accessories Apr 27, 2017 12:31 PM EDTDJI invites press to May event, likely to introduce its smallest drone... Apr 27, 2017 10:47 AM EDTAnker announces PowerCore+ 26800 USB-C battery pack with full power de... Apr 26, 2017 4:51 PM EDTAmazon’s Echo still isn’t available in Canada, but here... Apr 25, 2017 4:33 PM EDTNew Moto Mod battery pack leaks online Apr 25, 2017 10:13 AM EDTNvidia Shield box can now stream content from the Google Play Store in 4K Apr 24, 2017 8:21 PM EDTAutomate your house with the Niryo One robotic arm [Sticky or Not?] Apr 19, 2017 8:20 PM EDTEliminate charging cord fumbling with AutoDock [Sticky or Not?] Apr 19, 2017 12:42 PM EDTSome Google Wifi routers are experiencing connectivity issues Reviews Apr 25, 2017 2:19 PM EDTLG G6 Review: The LG flagship you’ve always wanted Apr 24, 2017 4:15 PM EDTAlta HR review: Where the heart is Apr 18, 2017 11:02 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Review: Slim-bezelled powerhouse Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Phones Apr 25, 2017 2:19 PM EDTLG G6 Review: The LG flagship you’ve always wanted Apr 18, 2017 11:02 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Review: Slim-bezelled powerhouse Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Hands-on: The death of the bezel Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM EDTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Tablets Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM EDTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM EDTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM EDTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EDT9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM EDTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM EDTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Wearables Apr 24, 2017 4:15 PM EDTAlta HR review: Where the heart is Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM EDTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM EDTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM EDTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM EDTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Accessories Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future Mar 28, 2017 5:48 PM EDTTranscend DrivePro 520 review: Dash cam with a mobile twist Mar 27, 2017 6:07 PM EDTPhilips Sonicare FlexCare Platinum Connected review: A smarter toothbrush Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM EDTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM EDTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM EDTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Automotive Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM EDTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM EDTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM EDTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EDT2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EDT2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM EDTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EDT2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Games Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM EDTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM EDTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM EDTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM EDTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM EDTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM EDTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM EDTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM EDTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Apps Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM EDTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM EDTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM EDTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM EDTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM EDTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM EDTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM EDTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM EDTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM EDTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM EDTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM EDTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM EDTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EDT2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Apr 29, 2017 5:12 PM EDTLet your office crush know you like them with Feeld [Bot of the Week] Apr 29, 2017 12:45 PM EDTTidal Rider 2 – Swim away from human-hungry sharks [Game of the ... Apr 28, 2017 12:29 PM EDTMario Kart 8 Deluxe – What’s old is new again on the Switc... Apr 28, 2017 5:00 AM EDTGoogle Wifi offers Canadians a sleek 3-piece mesh network for $439 Apr 24, 2017 5:49 PM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ DeX PC-like desktop dock could be the real deal Apr 23, 2017 5:23 PM EDTLet the makeup lover in your life find their own gift with L’Or�... Apr 22, 2017 12:55 PM EDTHit the waves this weekend with Tidal Rider [Game of the Week] Apr 22, 2017 9:47 AM EDTKeep track of how well you’re eating with MyFitness Pal [App of ... Carriers Feb 14, 2017 1:59 PM EDTDevice unlocking takes centre stage at CRTC Wireless Code review Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM EDTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM EDTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM EDTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EDT7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EDT10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM EDTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM EDTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Editorials Mar 15, 2017 12:58 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 is a toned-down S7 for about $300 less Feb 14, 2017 1:28 PM EDTGoogle Pixel revisited: Does it live up to the hype? Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM EDTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EDT3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM EDTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM EDTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM EDTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM EDTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement App/Game of the Week Apr 29, 2017 5:12 PM EDTLet your office crush know you like them with Feeld [Bot of the Week] Apr 29, 2017 12:45 PM EDTTidal Rider 2 – Swim away from human-hungry sharks [Game of the ... Apr 28, 2017 12:29 PM EDTMario Kart 8 Deluxe – What’s old is new again on the Switc... Apr 23, 2017 5:23 PM EDTLet the makeup lover in your life find their own gift with L’Or�... Apr 22, 2017 12:55 PM EDTHit the waves this weekend with Tidal Rider [Game of the Week] Apr 22, 2017 9:47 AM EDTKeep track of how well you’re eating with MyFitness Pal [App of ... Apr 21, 2017 7:44 PM EDTFlinthook commandeering space pirate ships with his trusty hook [This ... Apr 16, 2017 2:05 PM EDTHit the slopes with Powder Alpine Simulator [Game of the Week] Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM EDTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM EDTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM EDTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Apr 28, 2017 5:00 AM EDTGoogle Wifi offers Canadians a sleek 3-piece mesh network for $439 Apr 24, 2017 5:49 PM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ DeX PC-like desktop dock could be the real deal Apr 21, 2017 2:42 PM EDTWhat the CRTC’s zero rating decision means for net neutrality in... Apr 18, 2017 6:38 PM EDTA look at Spigen’s line of Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ cases Apr 16, 2017 5:37 PM EDTApple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is slowly becoming more useful Apr 13, 2017 2:16 PM EDTThe LG V20, six months later Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Resources Apr 28, 2017 2:50 PM EDTHow to contact your Canadian carrier Apr 26, 2017 8:56 PM EDTHow to use split screen mode on the LG G6 Apr 26, 2017 1:46 PM EDTHere’s how to enable Wi-Fi Calling on Freedom Mobile Apr 23, 2017 1:48 PM EDTHow to use the Galaxy S8 and S8+’s Smart Select tool to create GIFs Apr 14, 2017 6:02 PM EDTHow to install the Windows 10 Mobile Creators Update via MicrosoftR... Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... How-to's Apr 28, 2017 2:50 PM EDTHow to contact your Canadian carrier Apr 26, 2017 8:56 PM EDTHow to use split screen mode on the LG G6 Apr 26, 2017 1:46 PM EDTHere’s how to enable Wi-Fi Calling on Freedom Mobile Apr 23, 2017 1:48 PM EDTHow to use the Galaxy S8 and S8+’s Smart Select tool to create GIFs Apr 14, 2017 6:02 PM EDTHow to install the Windows 10 Mobile Creators Update via MicrosoftR... Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Rate Plans Business Apr 28, 2017 1:46 PM EDTApple tells Qualcomm it will not pay any royalties until legal dispute... Apr 28, 2017 12:39 PM EDTSony earnings decline, but 2018 forecasts biggest profit jump in 20 years Apr 27, 2017 7:31 PM EDTFormer Aeryon Labs exec Sean McCabe joins TextNow as CTO Apr 27, 2017 5:04 PM EDTMicrosoft Q3 2017 Earnings: Cloud and Office growth lead the way Apr 27, 2017 10:10 AM EDTLG Q1 2017: reports best quarterly profit in nearly eight years, mobil... Apr 26, 2017 9:52 AM EDTTwitter Q1 2017: better-than-expected earnings and revenue, but still ... Apr 26, 2017 8:27 AM EDTBell’s wireless revenue jumps by 7.1 percent in Q1 2017 Apr 25, 2017 3:15 PM EDTAlberta bank ATB Financial first in Canada to get Pepper robot assistant Carriers Apr 26, 2017 8:27 AM EDTBell’s wireless revenue jumps by 7.1 percent in Q1 2017 Apr 12, 2017 8:43 AM EDTFreedom Mobile subscriber base jumps by 33,427 in Q2 2017, totals 1,08... Apr 10, 2017 10:44 AM EDTGoodale commends new CRTC mandate to create national wireless public a... Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 1, 2017 9:28 AM EDTRogers registers ‘Your Tomorrow Inspires Our Today’ trademark Mar 23, 2017 9:26 AM EDTRogers wins ‘Product of the Year’ award for its Smart Home... Mar 20, 2017 10:42 PM EDTEx-Rogers CEO Guy Laurence earned $13,452,873 in ‘separation pay... Mar 17, 2017 1:26 PM EDTInteractive timeline of important dates that led to the Bell MTS deal Security & Privacy Apr 20, 2017 12:01 PM EDTMastercard unveils credit card with fingerprint scanner Apr 19, 2017 3:21 PM EDTBlackBerry partners with Allied World for greater cybersecurity reach Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices Apr 5, 2017 1:29 PM EDTCellphone spying devices found at Montreal’s Trudeau airport Apr 3, 2017 9:02 AM EDTCanadian Privacy Commissioner voices concerns with connected and autom... Mar 28, 2017 12:19 PM EDTCanadian Government could gain wireless subscriber information if new ... Mar 27, 2017 11:58 AM EDTTurkish crime family group claims to have access to 250 million iCloud... Mar 22, 2017 7:32 AM EDTAlterna Bank and Lendful partner to create Canada’s first end-to... Infrastructure Mar 23, 2017 10:05 AM EDTVolkswagen partners with Burnaby-based D-Wave to adopt quantum technology Mar 8, 2017 1:47 PM EDTWinkler, Manitoba could soon have some of the fastest internet in Canada Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM EDTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Feb 18, 2017 10:12 AM EDTThere is now free Wi-Fi at 54 TTC locations ahead of 2018 subway tunne... Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM EDTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM EDTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM EDTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM EDTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Cloud Mar 27, 2017 10:12 AM EDTBell and Microsoft announce deeper relationship with cloud services pa... Mar 9, 2017 2:43 PM EDTGoogle announces Montreal will be home to the first Canadian Google Cl... Mar 9, 2017 12:57 PM EDTGoogle announces new machine learning function called ‘Video Int... Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM EDTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM EDTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM EDTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM EDTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM EDTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Healthcare Mar 28, 2017 12:00 PM EDTThe Future of Mobile in Canada: Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM EDTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM EDTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM EDTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM EDTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM EDTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM EDTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM EDTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... General Apr 28, 2017 1:46 PM EDTApple tells Qualcomm it will not pay any royalties until legal dispute... Apr 28, 2017 12:39 PM EDTSony earnings decline, but 2018 forecasts biggest profit jump in 20 years Apr 27, 2017 7:31 PM EDTFormer Aeryon Labs exec Sean McCabe joins TextNow as CTO Apr 27, 2017 5:04 PM EDTMicrosoft Q3 2017 Earnings: Cloud and Office growth lead the way Apr 27, 2017 10:10 AM EDTLG Q1 2017: reports best quarterly profit in nearly eight years, mobil... Apr 26, 2017 9:52 AM EDTTwitter Q1 2017: better-than-expected earnings and revenue, but still ... Apr 21, 2017 7:29 AM EDTCanada reportedly falling behind in clean tech sector Apr 11, 2017 7:03 AM EDTMajority of Canadian executives see outdated technology as barrier to ... Syrup Community Apr 28, 2017 1:27 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 118: Say goodbye to Vidéotron’s Unlimited... Apr 21, 2017 12:27 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 117: The ‘Essential’ S8 podcast Apr 17, 2017 8:28 AM EDTPoll: What current or upcoming smartphone are you buying? Apr 14, 2017 11:13 AM EDTSyrupCast Ep. 116: Is the Nintendo Switch worth buying? Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 30, 2017 4:39 PM EDTContest: Win a Bell Samsung Galaxy S8 Mar 29, 2017 6:26 PM EDTPoll: Will you buy the Galaxy S8 or S8+? SyrupCast Apr 28, 2017 1:27 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 118: Say goodbye to Vidéotron’s Unlimited... Apr 21, 2017 12:27 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 117: The ‘Essential’ S8 podcast Apr 14, 2017 11:13 AM EDTSyrupCast Ep. 116: Is the Nintendo Switch worth buying? Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill SyrupShop Nintendo Switch Zelda Breath of the Wild SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter Motorola 'Moto G4 PLUS' (XT1641) AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable - 6 Feet SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions News PREVIOUS|NEXT Mario Kart 8 Deluxe for Nintendo Switch is now available in Canada By Bradly Shankar Apr 28, 2017 10:10 AM EDT2017-04-28EDT10:10:40-04:002017-04-28EDT10:23:11-04:00 4 comments Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, an enhanced port of the 2014 Wii U racing game, is now available on Nintendo Switch. The game is available at all major Canadian retailers: Amazon – $79.89 CAD (20 percent off this price for Prime members) Best Buy – $79.99 EB Games – $79.99 The Source – $79.99 Toys R Us – $79.99 Walmart – $79.96 (with bonus game case for Switch cartridges) To coincide with Mario Kart 8 Deluxe’s release, Nintendo is also releasing a set of two Joy-Con steering wheel accessories for use with the game. These retail for $19.99 CAD and can be found at all of the retailers listed above. This has been a big week in Nintendo news. The company released its fiscal 2016 earnings report Thursday, revealing that the Switch has sold 2.74 million units since its release in March. Interestingly, Nintendo has also sold more copies of The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild on Nintendo Switch than it has the actual system, with 2.76 million copies of that version of the hit game being sold to date. And finally, Nintendo announced last night that a 2DS XL handheld is coming to Canada in July for $199.99 CAD. Mario Kart 8 Deluxe-themed content also made its way to Super Mario Run this week. Stay tuned later today for MobileSyrup‘s impressions of Mario Kart 8 Deluxe. Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Reddit Featured Articles Contest: Win a Fido LG G6 Mario Kart 8 Deluxe – What’s old is new again on the Switch [This Week in Gaming] CRTC fines Calgary’s VOIS Inc. $15,000 for CCTS non-compliance LG Watch Style is now available in the Canadian Google Store HTC squeezes just about everything in new HTC U11 ad Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Thank you for your subscription Related Articles News Apr 27, 2017 11:59 AM EDT Zelda: Breath of the Wild outsells Nintendo Switch consoles Features Apr 28, 2017 12:29 PM EDT Mario Kart 8 Deluxe – What’s old is new again on the Switch [This Week in Gaming] News Apr 27, 2017 1:32 PM EDT The man behind many of Nintendo’s most iconic consoles is stepping down News Apr 28, 2017 11:29 AM EDT NES Classic and Nintendo Switch in stock at Best Buy today [Update] Comments MoYeung $79.99 + pst and gst = too expensive for me AMB_07 Welcome to video games in Canada, you may stand right over here and get ripped off like the rest of us. Rev0lver Stand right over here? More like bend right over here. AMB_07 Nice one lol Categories News Reviews Features Resources Business Syrup Community Contact us About Us / Tips Contests Social Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Google+ Reddit Newsletter Signup Thank you for your subscription © 2017 mobilesyrup.com Privacy. Terms of use. Menu News Apr 29, 2017 5:12 PM EDTLet your office crush know you like them with Feeld [Bot of the Week] Apr 29, 2017 12:45 PM EDTTidal Rider 2 – Swim away from human-hungry sharks [Game of the ... Apr 29, 2017 7:59 AM EDTNintendo details upcoming characters and improvements coming to Fire E... Apr 28, 2017 7:44 PM EDTHead of Google’s Pixel division leaves company Apr 28, 2017 6:19 PM EDTGoogle Maps could soon feature in-app ads Apr 28, 2017 5:55 PM EDTUber amps up campaign to bring ridesharing to B.C. amid provincial ele... Apr 28, 2017 5:39 PM EDTHere’s everything coming to CraveTV in May Apr 28, 2017 5:18 PM EDTLG Watch Style is now available in the Canadian Google Store All News Carriers Apr 28, 2017 4:06 PM EDTISED Canada says a 600MHz auction will take at least two more years Apr 28, 2017 10:56 AM EDTCRTC fines Calgary’s VOIS Inc. $15,000 for CCTS non-compliance Apr 27, 2017 3:11 PM EDTChatr extends promotional data offer until June 21 Apr 27, 2017 2:05 PM EDTChatr to raise rates on some pay-per-use plans and International Talk ... Apr 26, 2017 8:14 PM EDTTelus deploys free Wi-Fi and improved reception at Montréal’s J... Apr 26, 2017 12:52 PM EDTCRTC chair Blais criticizes carriers for fibre internet investment dou... Apr 26, 2017 10:54 AM EDTBell is preparing to release an ‘innovative’ over-the-top ... Apr 26, 2017 10:42 AM EDTFreedom Mobile launches Wi-Fi calling Manufacturers Apr 28, 2017 7:44 PM EDTHead of Google’s Pixel division leaves company Apr 27, 2017 5:33 PM EDTAlphabet Q1 2017 Earnings: Google reports strong earnings despite YouT... Apr 27, 2017 9:14 AM EDTSamsung Q1 2017: best quarter since 2013 despite weak mobile showing Apr 26, 2017 8:04 AM EDTNew 600MHz support means upcoming Snapdragon 835 phones may get better... Apr 21, 2017 9:02 PM EDTApple might be investigating broadband satellites, according to report Apr 21, 2017 12:18 PM EDTTCL teases BlackBerry KEYone news for next week, reveals retail packaging Apr 20, 2017 9:08 PM EDTGoogle and Huawei sued over Nexus 6P bootloop and battery drain issues Apr 17, 2017 6:43 PM EDTMoto Z2 Force leak shows inclusion of headphone jack Phones Apr 28, 2017 7:44 PM EDTHead of Google’s Pixel division leaves company Apr 28, 2017 10:31 AM EDTHTC squeezes just about everything in new HTC U11 ad Apr 28, 2017 8:43 AM EDTGoogle specifies Pixel and Nexus end of support dates Apr 27, 2017 6:29 PM EDTGoogle employee captures stunning night photos with Android smartphone... Apr 27, 2017 3:43 PM EDTSony’s Xperia XA1 to launch in Canada on May 5 Apr 27, 2017 12:20 PM EDTApple money-transfer service reportedly in the works Apr 27, 2017 11:11 AM EDTVirgin Mobile ranks highest, Rogers lowest in Canadian wireless custom... Apr 27, 2017 6:05 AM EDTBlackBerry KEYone available for pre-order in Canada on May 18th Tablets Apr 26, 2017 9:36 AM EDTGoogle clarifies which Chromebooks will get Android apps Apr 21, 2017 4:12 PM EDTQualcomm CEO says the first ARM-based Windows 10 PCs will arrive in Q4... Apr 11, 2017 12:49 PM EDTMicrosoft’s Spring event to focus on Windows 10 Cloud, not new S... Apr 4, 2017 1:54 PM EDTSamsung’s Tizen operating system is reportedly a hacker’s ... Apr 4, 2017 10:03 AM EDTAlcatel Pop 7 LTE tablet now available at Fido and Rogers Mar 31, 2017 1:27 PM EDTYou can now download Google Calendar on the iPad Mar 27, 2017 7:26 PM EDTMicrosoft won’t reveal new Surface Book 2 at spring hardware event Mar 24, 2017 2:57 PM EDTIn pictures: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Wearables Apr 28, 2017 5:18 PM EDTLG Watch Style is now available in the Canadian Google Store Apr 27, 2017 3:37 PM EDTHere’s how to get the elusive Huawei Watch 2 in Canada Apr 26, 2017 3:03 PM EDTDJI’s new Goggles allow you to see the world from your droneR... Apr 25, 2017 5:20 PM EDTFitbit investigating report of exploding Flex 2 in the United States Apr 25, 2017 2:51 PM EDTNASA’s Jeff Norris joins Apple to work on AR hardware Apr 25, 2017 11:39 AM EDT‘No plans to launch the Watch 2 in Canada right now,’ says... Apr 25, 2017 7:41 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – Facebook gears up for an AR/VR future Apr 21, 2017 5:19 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear VR with included controller is now available ... Virtual Reality Apr 26, 2017 3:50 PM EDTWatch live stand-up comedy in VR with Altspace VR Apr 24, 2017 3:07 PM EDTLook.Listen.Live aims to educate people about train safety with new VR... Apr 18, 2017 5:44 PM EDTFacebook launches augmented reality Camera Effects Platform Apr 18, 2017 2:41 PM EDTFacebook Spaces for Oculus VR launches today Apr 18, 2017 10:41 AM EDTWarner Bros. Entertainment patents AR/VR tech for home and movie theat... Apr 13, 2017 1:20 PM EDTKazuo Hirai, president of Sony confirms company is working on new VR e... Apr 13, 2017 12:04 PM EDTGoogle’s WebVR platform is now compatible with Cardboard Apr 13, 2017 11:47 AM EDT‘Eggstravaganza’ is Pokemon Go’s new Easter event Apps/Games Apr 29, 2017 5:12 PM EDTLet your office crush know you like them with Feeld [Bot of the Week] Apr 29, 2017 12:45 PM EDTTidal Rider 2 – Swim away from human-hungry sharks [Game of the ... Apr 29, 2017 7:59 AM EDTNintendo details upcoming characters and improvements coming to Fire E... Apr 28, 2017 6:19 PM EDTGoogle Maps could soon feature in-app ads Apr 28, 2017 5:55 PM EDTUber amps up campaign to bring ridesharing to B.C. amid provincial ele... Apr 28, 2017 5:39 PM EDTHere’s everything coming to CraveTV in May Apr 28, 2017 12:29 PM EDTMario Kart 8 Deluxe – What’s old is new again on the Switc... Apr 28, 2017 11:29 AM EDTNES Classic and Nintendo Switch in stock at Best Buy today [Update] Automotive Apr 28, 2017 11:52 AM EDTOntario budget 2017: government and auto insurance services to become ... Apr 24, 2017 9:02 PM EDTTaking an air taxi to work ‘is closer than many people realize&#... Apr 24, 2017 1:31 PM EDTTesla to double its charging network by the end of 2017 Apr 24, 2017 11:25 AM EDTAmazon reportedly creates team dedicated to driverless vehicle tech Apr 21, 2017 10:19 AM EDTTesla iOS and Android app update adds Powerwall support Apr 13, 2017 2:32 PM EDTElon Musk announces Tesla will reveal a semi-truck in September Apr 10, 2017 4:19 PM EDTUberSelect services and new Uber office opens in Calgary, Alberta Apr 7, 2017 7:27 AM EDTUniversity of Toronto and Waterloo finalists to compete in AutoDrive C... Accessories Apr 27, 2017 12:31 PM EDTDJI invites press to May event, likely to introduce its smallest drone... Apr 27, 2017 10:47 AM EDTAnker announces PowerCore+ 26800 USB-C battery pack with full power de... Apr 26, 2017 4:51 PM EDTAmazon’s Echo still isn’t available in Canada, but here... Apr 25, 2017 4:33 PM EDTNew Moto Mod battery pack leaks online Apr 25, 2017 10:13 AM EDTNvidia Shield box can now stream content from the Google Play Store in 4K Apr 24, 2017 8:21 PM EDTAutomate your house with the Niryo One robotic arm [Sticky or Not?] Apr 19, 2017 8:20 PM EDTEliminate charging cord fumbling with AutoDock [Sticky or Not?] Apr 19, 2017 12:42 PM EDTSome Google Wifi routers are experiencing connectivity issues Reviews Apr 25, 2017 2:19 PM EDTLG G6 Review: The LG flagship you’ve always wanted Apr 24, 2017 4:15 PM EDTAlta HR review: Where the heart is Apr 18, 2017 11:02 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Review: Slim-bezelled powerhouse Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... All Reviews Phones Apr 25, 2017 2:19 PM EDTLG G6 Review: The LG flagship you’ve always wanted Apr 18, 2017 11:02 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Review: Slim-bezelled powerhouse Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Hands-on: The death of the bezel Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM EDTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Tablets Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM EDTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM EDTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM EDTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EDT9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM EDTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM EDTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Wearables Apr 24, 2017 4:15 PM EDTAlta HR review: Where the heart is Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM EDTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM EDTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM EDTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM EDTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Accessories Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future Mar 28, 2017 5:48 PM EDTTranscend DrivePro 520 review: Dash cam with a mobile twist Mar 27, 2017 6:07 PM EDTPhilips Sonicare FlexCare Platinum Connected review: A smarter toothbrush Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM EDTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM EDTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM EDTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Automotive Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM EDTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM EDTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM EDTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EDT2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EDT2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM EDTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EDT2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Games Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM EDTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM EDTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM EDTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM EDTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM EDTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM EDTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM EDTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM EDTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Apps Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM EDTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM EDTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM EDTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM EDTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM EDTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM EDTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM EDTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM EDTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM EDTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM EDTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM EDTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM EDTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EDT2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Apr 29, 2017 5:12 PM EDTLet your office crush know you like them with Feeld [Bot of the Week] Apr 29, 2017 12:45 PM EDTTidal Rider 2 – Swim away from human-hungry sharks [Game of the ... Apr 28, 2017 12:29 PM EDTMario Kart 8 Deluxe – What’s old is new again on the Switc... Apr 28, 2017 5:00 AM EDTGoogle Wifi offers Canadians a sleek 3-piece mesh network for $439 Apr 24, 2017 5:49 PM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ DeX PC-like desktop dock could be the real deal Apr 23, 2017 5:23 PM EDTLet the makeup lover in your life find their own gift with L’Or�... Apr 22, 2017 12:55 PM EDTHit the waves this weekend with Tidal Rider [Game of the Week] Apr 22, 2017 9:47 AM EDTKeep track of how well you’re eating with MyFitness Pal [App of ... All Features Carriers Feb 14, 2017 1:59 PM EDTDevice unlocking takes centre stage at CRTC Wireless Code review Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM EDTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM EDTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM EDTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EDT7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EDT10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM EDTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM EDTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Editorials Mar 15, 2017 12:58 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 is a toned-down S7 for about $300 less Feb 14, 2017 1:28 PM EDTGoogle Pixel revisited: Does it live up to the hype? Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM EDTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EDT3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM EDTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM EDTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM EDTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM EDTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement App/Game of the Week Apr 29, 2017 5:12 PM EDTLet your office crush know you like them with Feeld [Bot of the Week] Apr 29, 2017 12:45 PM EDTTidal Rider 2 – Swim away from human-hungry sharks [Game of the ... Apr 28, 2017 12:29 PM EDTMario Kart 8 Deluxe – What’s old is new again on the Switc... Apr 23, 2017 5:23 PM EDTLet the makeup lover in your life find their own gift with L’Or�... Apr 22, 2017 12:55 PM EDTHit the waves this weekend with Tidal Rider [Game of the Week] Apr 22, 2017 9:47 AM EDTKeep track of how well you’re eating with MyFitness Pal [App of ... Apr 21, 2017 7:44 PM EDTFlinthook commandeering space pirate ships with his trusty hook [This ... Apr 16, 2017 2:05 PM EDTHit the slopes with Powder Alpine Simulator [Game of the Week] Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM EDTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM EDTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM EDTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Apr 28, 2017 5:00 AM EDTGoogle Wifi offers Canadians a sleek 3-piece mesh network for $439 Apr 24, 2017 5:49 PM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ DeX PC-like desktop dock could be the real deal Apr 21, 2017 2:42 PM EDTWhat the CRTC’s zero rating decision means for net neutrality in... Apr 18, 2017 6:38 PM EDTA look at Spigen’s line of Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ cases Apr 16, 2017 5:37 PM EDTApple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is slowly becoming more useful Apr 13, 2017 2:16 PM EDTThe LG V20, six months later Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Resources Apr 28, 2017 2:50 PM EDTHow to contact your Canadian carrier Apr 26, 2017 8:56 PM EDTHow to use split screen mode on the LG G6 Apr 26, 2017 1:46 PM EDTHere’s how to enable Wi-Fi Calling on Freedom Mobile Apr 23, 2017 1:48 PM EDTHow to use the Galaxy S8 and S8+’s Smart Select tool to create GIFs Apr 14, 2017 6:02 PM EDTHow to install the Windows 10 Mobile Creators Update via MicrosoftR... Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... All Resources How-to's Apr 28, 2017 2:50 PM EDTHow to contact your Canadian carrier Apr 26, 2017 8:56 PM EDTHow to use split screen mode on the LG G6 Apr 26, 2017 1:46 PM EDTHere’s how to enable Wi-Fi Calling on Freedom Mobile Apr 23, 2017 1:48 PM EDTHow to use the Galaxy S8 and S8+’s Smart Select tool to create GIFs Apr 14, 2017 6:02 PM EDTHow to install the Windows 10 Mobile Creators Update via MicrosoftR... Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Rate Plans Business Apr 28, 2017 1:46 PM EDTApple tells Qualcomm it will not pay any royalties until legal dispute... Apr 28, 2017 12:39 PM EDTSony earnings decline, but 2018 forecasts biggest profit jump in 20 years Apr 27, 2017 7:31 PM EDTFormer Aeryon Labs exec Sean McCabe joins TextNow as CTO Apr 27, 2017 5:04 PM EDTMicrosoft Q3 2017 Earnings: Cloud and Office growth lead the way Apr 27, 2017 10:10 AM EDTLG Q1 2017: reports best quarterly profit in nearly eight years, mobil... Apr 26, 2017 9:52 AM EDTTwitter Q1 2017: better-than-expected earnings and revenue, but still ... Apr 26, 2017 8:27 AM EDTBell’s wireless revenue jumps by 7.1 percent in Q1 2017 Apr 25, 2017 3:15 PM EDTAlberta bank ATB Financial first in Canada to get Pepper robot assistant All Business Carriers Apr 26, 2017 8:27 AM EDTBell’s wireless revenue jumps by 7.1 percent in Q1 2017 Apr 12, 2017 8:43 AM EDTFreedom Mobile subscriber base jumps by 33,427 in Q2 2017, totals 1,08... Apr 10, 2017 10:44 AM EDTGoodale commends new CRTC mandate to create national wireless public a... Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 1, 2017 9:28 AM EDTRogers registers ‘Your Tomorrow Inspires Our Today’ trademark Mar 23, 2017 9:26 AM EDTRogers wins ‘Product of the Year’ award for its Smart Home... Mar 20, 2017 10:42 PM EDTEx-Rogers CEO Guy Laurence earned $13,452,873 in ‘separation pay... Mar 17, 2017 1:26 PM EDTInteractive timeline of important dates that led to the Bell MTS deal Security & Privacy Apr 20, 2017 12:01 PM EDTMastercard unveils credit card with fingerprint scanner Apr 19, 2017 3:21 PM EDTBlackBerry partners with Allied World for greater cybersecurity reach Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices Apr 5, 2017 1:29 PM EDTCellphone spying devices found at Montreal’s Trudeau airport Apr 3, 2017 9:02 AM EDTCanadian Privacy Commissioner voices concerns with connected and autom... Mar 28, 2017 12:19 PM EDTCanadian Government could gain wireless subscriber information if new ... Mar 27, 2017 11:58 AM EDTTurkish crime family group claims to have access to 250 million iCloud... Mar 22, 2017 7:32 AM EDTAlterna Bank and Lendful partner to create Canada’s first end-to... Infrastructure Mar 23, 2017 10:05 AM EDTVolkswagen partners with Burnaby-based D-Wave to adopt quantum technology Mar 8, 2017 1:47 PM EDTWinkler, Manitoba could soon have some of the fastest internet in Canada Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM EDTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Feb 18, 2017 10:12 AM EDTThere is now free Wi-Fi at 54 TTC locations ahead of 2018 subway tunne... Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM EDTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM EDTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM EDTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM EDTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Cloud Mar 27, 2017 10:12 AM EDTBell and Microsoft announce deeper relationship with cloud services pa... Mar 9, 2017 2:43 PM EDTGoogle announces Montreal will be home to the first Canadian Google Cl... Mar 9, 2017 12:57 PM EDTGoogle announces new machine learning function called ‘Video Int... Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM EDTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM EDTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM EDTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM EDTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM EDTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Healthcare Mar 28, 2017 12:00 PM EDTThe Future of Mobile in Canada: Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM EDTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM EDTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM EDTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM EDTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM EDTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM EDTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM EDTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... General Apr 28, 2017 1:46 PM EDTApple tells Qualcomm it will not pay any royalties until legal dispute... Apr 28, 2017 12:39 PM EDTSony earnings decline, but 2018 forecasts biggest profit jump in 20 years Apr 27, 2017 7:31 PM EDTFormer Aeryon Labs exec Sean McCabe joins TextNow as CTO Apr 27, 2017 5:04 PM EDTMicrosoft Q3 2017 Earnings: Cloud and Office growth lead the way Apr 27, 2017 10:10 AM EDTLG Q1 2017: reports best quarterly profit in nearly eight years, mobil... Apr 26, 2017 9:52 AM EDTTwitter Q1 2017: better-than-expected earnings and revenue, but still ... Apr 21, 2017 7:29 AM EDTCanada reportedly falling behind in clean tech sector Apr 11, 2017 7:03 AM EDTMajority of Canadian executives see outdated technology as barrier to ... Syrup Community Apr 28, 2017 1:27 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 118: Say goodbye to Vidéotron’s Unlimited... Apr 21, 2017 12:27 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 117: The ‘Essential’ S8 podcast Apr 17, 2017 8:28 AM EDTPoll: What current or upcoming smartphone are you buying? Apr 14, 2017 11:13 AM EDTSyrupCast Ep. 116: Is the Nintendo Switch worth buying? Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 30, 2017 4:39 PM EDTContest: Win a Bell Samsung Galaxy S8 Mar 29, 2017 6:26 PM EDTPoll: Will you buy the Galaxy S8 or S8+? All Syrup Community SyrupCast Apr 28, 2017 1:27 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 118: Say goodbye to Vidéotron’s Unlimited... Apr 21, 2017 12:27 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 117: The ‘Essential’ S8 podcast Apr 14, 2017 11:13 AM EDTSyrupCast Ep. 116: Is the Nintendo Switch worth buying? Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill SyrupShop Nintendo Switch Zelda Breath of the Wild SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter Motorola 'Moto G4 PLUS' (XT1641) AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable - 6 Feet SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions Contact Us Contests
Tech Search Search Yik YakYik Yak Officially Calls It Quits AirbnbAirbnb Will Let California Screen Some Hosts For Racial Bias donald trump presidencyPeople’s Climate March Fills D.C. Streets On Trump’s 100th Day FacebookMark Zuckerberg Surprised an Ohio Family at Their House for Dinner Uber Your Next Gig: Taming Travis Kalanick? David Z. Morris Apr 29, 2017 The Wall Street Journal reports that Uber is still searching for a new COO, with a focus on leaders with experience in large companies with complex operations and labor forces. The company’s board is reported to be heavily involved, and Uber says the new hire would be a partner to CEO Travis Kalanick, rather than a subordinate. According to the Journal’s sources, recent prospects have included former Walt Disney COO Thomas Staggs, former Wal-Mart CIO Karenann Terrell, and former CVS Executive Vice President Helena Foulkes. Foulkes and Staggs are reportedly no longer being considered for the job. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter. A new COO would be expected to address a host of problems, including a recent string of very public missteps, some rooted in the company's startup mindset. The trouble started in earnest in January, when Uber was seen—perhaps unfairly—to be undermining resistance to President Trump’s immigration and travel restrictions. Then came equally damaging allegations of a misogynistic culture and poor human resource practices. Uber has since lost several top-level executives, and faced a string of legal actions seeking to restrict its operations—in some cases, successfully. Oh, and let’s not forget the time Kalanick got into a videotaped fight with one of his own drivers over low pay. It was after that incident that Kalanick admitted he needed to “grow up” and that “I need leadership help and I intend to get it.” That was two months ago. Uber has also, despite outsized revenue, continued to post massive losses against earnings, and the new COO would likely be expected to lead a push towards profitability. With a large portion of Uber’s costs tied up in driver pay, many observers have pinned hope for that turnaround on the successful deployment of self-driving vehicles, which faces major regulatory and technological hurdles—including, again, some that Uber has created for itself. Most recently, the head of Uber’s self-driving division, Anthony Levandowski, stepped down in response to a lawsuit claiming that he stole trade secrets from his former employer, Google. In March, internal documents suggested that Uber’s self-driving program is significantly lagging competitors. Even that list just hits the highlights of the strategic and cultural problems Uber is grappling with, and that any prospective COO would have to tackle. Dora Vell, an executive recruiter who spoke to the Journal, said it would be “very hard to find one person” who had everything the job demanded. But if you think you're up for it, might as well dust off that resume. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP Styles Structure {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} Values Scripts Social media sh*tstorm descends on Fox News over ‘deeply, ludicrously, egregiously dishonest’ tweets Empty seats at Pennsylvania rally give the lie to Trump’s claim of ‘record breaking’ crowd Angela Rye slams Omarosa to her face in scalding takedown of ‘president’s apprentice’ ‘Gone too late’: Samantha Bee gives a ‘eulogy’ for Bill O’Reilly and Roger Ailes at ‘Not the WHCD’ ‘How do you like me now?’: Will Ferrell returns as George W. Bush on Samantha Bee’s ‘Not the WHCD’ Authoritarianism expert on surviving Trump’s next 100 days: ‘Forget your hopes’ — get ready to fight WATCH: The 2017 White House Correspondents’ Dinner hosted by Hasan Minhaj Trump asked Washington Post to run 2016 electoral map on front page to commemorate first 100 days: report UK spy documents: Trump Organization paid Russian hackers who took orders from Putin All-woman AM Joy panel eviscerates Ivanka Trump as ‘complete opposite of what they’re presenting’ ‘Sorry I voted for the son of a b*tch”: Holocaust denying ex-GOP candidate rips Trump for listening to Jewish son-in-law Bob Brigham 29 Apr 2017 at 15:34 ET                    Members of the National Socialist Movement (Neo-Nazis) during a 2010 march to the Phoenix Federal building (John Kittelsrud/Flickr) Don't miss stories. Follow Raw Story! Follow @rawstory One defining feature of the first 100 days of the Donald Trump administration has been the surge in anti-Semitism sweeping the country. Now a small Kentucky town is bracing for violence between armed neo-Nazis and protesters. Lois Beckett, senior reporter for the Guardian, has a longform investigative dispatch from Pikeville, Kentucky on Saturday’s planned neo-Nazi rally. “On Friday evening, the neo-Nazis assembled at a Walmart parking lot and formed a caravan of more than 20 cars…” Beckett spoke with Art Jones, “who the Anti-Defamation League identifies as a Holocaust denier who has been dressing in Nazi garb and celebrating Hitler since the 1970s.” “I’m sorry I voted for the son of a bitch, I really am,” Jones told Beckett. “I’m embarrassed that I voted for him.” Beckett reported that Jones abandoned Trump due to the “Jewish lobby” and Trump relying upon the counsel of his son-in-law, Jared Kushner (who is Jewish). Jones is a Republican who sought election to the United States Congress from Illinois in both 2012 and 2016. While Jones was once officially a member of the Nationalist Socialist Party, during his first congressional bid he stated he votes Republican 90% of the time. In the same 2012 interview, Jones claimed the, “Holocaust never happened.” “As far as I’m concerned, the Holocaust is nothing more than an international extortion racket by the Jews,” Jones stated. “It’s the blackest lie in history. Millions of dollars are being made by Jews telling this tale of woe and misfortune in books, movies, plays and TV.” On Friday in the Walmart parking lot, Mike Schloer of the National Socialist Movement listed epithets that should not be used in public by neo-Nazi rally participants. “Do not use any foul language or any racial slurs.” Saturday’s neo-Nazi march is said to feature five dozen members of the Indiana III percenters militia organization — in full body armor and brandishing AR-15s. Multiple businesses in Pikeville will be staying closed as the neo-Nazis gather in front of the historic courthouse. Report typos and corrections to [email protected] About the Author Next on Raw Story > ‘How do you like me now?’: Will Ferrell returns as George W. Bush on Samantha Bee’s ‘Not the WHCD’ By commenting, you agree to our terms of service and to abide by our commenting policy. Read Comments - Join the Discussion New Stories ‘How do you like me now?’: Will Ferrell returns as George W. Bush on Samantha Bee’s ‘Not the WHCD’ ‘Gone too late’: Samantha Bee gives a ‘eulogy’ for Bill O’Reilly and Roger Ailes at ‘Not the WHCD’ Empty seats at Pennsylvania rally give the lie to Trump’s claim of ‘record breaking’ crowd WATCH: The 2017 White House Correspondents’ Dinner hosted by Hasan Minhaj Authoritarianism expert on surviving Trump’s next 100 days: ‘Forget your hopes’ — get ready to fight Raw Story SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address Trump News ‘How do you like me now?’: Will Ferrell returns as George W. Bush on Samantha Bee’s ‘Not the WHCD’ Empty seats at Pennsylvania rally give the lie to Trump’s claim of ‘record breaking’ crowd WATCH: The 2017 White House Correspondents’ Dinner hosted by Hasan Minhaj Authoritarianism expert on surviving Trump’s next 100 days: ‘Forget your hopes’ — get ready to fight Social media sh*tstorm descends on Fox News over ‘deeply, ludicrously, egregiously dishonest’ tweets WATCH: Donald Trump holds Pennsylvania rally to celebrate first 100 days New Videos ‘How do you like me now?’: Will Ferrell returns as George W. Bush on Samantha Bee’s ‘Not the WHCD’ ‘Gone too late’: Samantha Bee gives a ‘eulogy’ for Bill O’Reilly and Roger Ailes at ‘Not the WHCD’ WATCH: The 2017 White House Correspondents’ Dinner hosted by Hasan Minhaj WATCH: Donald Trump holds Pennsylvania rally to celebrate first 100 days ‘You cannot be serious’: Veteran journalist scoffs at Trump boast of most productive first 100 days SEE ALL RAW STORIES SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address Google+
My News Personalise your news feed by choosing your favourite topics of interest Get Started No Thanks Create your own newsfeed Choose 3 or more topics that you want to see. Irish News Politics International Opinion Living Family Technology Business GAA Soccer Rugby MMA Watercooler Going Out Screens Quizzes Change Generation Create my newsfeed   TheJournal.ie uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more » Business ETC The42 The Daily Edge Search site Search Dublin: 10 °C Sunday 30 April, 2017 Advertisement Homepage Irish Politics International Voices Family Culture Tech Business My Feed RSS Tags 100 Days biggest best quiz Trump See other tags Tags Quiz: How well do you remember Donald Trump's first 100 days? It’s been an eventful few months to say the least. By Cianan Brennan Saturday 29 Apr 2017, 8:30 PM 11 hours ago 12,772 Views 47 Comments http://jrnl.ie/3355795 Share Tweet Email IT MAY NOT have been chock full of achievements, but it would be hard to argue that Donald Trump’s first 100 days as the most powerful man on the planet have been uneventful. But how much can you remember? Let’s find out. How did White House press secretary Sean Spicer describe the gathering at Trump's inauguration? PA No one has ever had a bigger inauguration crowd than President Trump This was the biggest crowd to ever witness the swearing-in of a new president This was the biggest crowd, the best crowd, at an inauguration in history This was the largest audience to ever witness an inauguration - period What reason was mooted for Trump's holding of British prime minister Theresa May's hand during their meeting at the White House? Twitter Trump wanted to compare hand sizes They were walking downhill and the president has a fear of slopes May suggested they hold hands as a sign of solidarity Trump dared May not to hold his hand How long did Michael Flynn last as Trump's national security adviser before resigning? PA 21 days 22 days 23 days 24 days Trump's sweeping executive orders are well-known, but how many of those orders has he signed in his first 100 days? PA 19 28 32 41 A judge from which state was the first to block Trump's first travel ban? PA Washington Hawaii Oregon Arkansas Which of these is not a Kellyanne Conway soundbite from the first 100 days? PA "Alternative facts" "Bad hombres" "The Bowling Green massacre" "Microwave cameras" What company was lambasted by Trump for dropping his daughter Ivanka's clothing brand? Twitter Nordstrom JC Penney Walmart Target Which member of the Trump administration caused a rumpus when it emerged he had failed to disclose under oath two meetings with Russia's US ambassador during the presidential campaign. PA Jared Kushner Rex Tillerson Jeff Sessions James 'Mad Dog' Mattis To what media outlet did Trump say: "I guess I can't be doing so badly, because I'm president and you're not"? PA The New York Times Time Magazine The Washington Post CNN In what way did Sean Spicer describe the camps where millions of Jews were put to death during World War II? PA Concentration clubs Genocide gyms Holocaust centres Bad parks What was going on elsewhere when this photo of Trump in a truck was taken at the White House? PA A terrorist gun attack in California North Korea conducted a nuclear test without warning Britain threatened war with Spain over Gibraltar Last ditch efforts in Congress to repeal and replace Obamacare Who, or what, is MOAB? Youtube Donald Trump's childhood sled A 30-foot-long bomb, dropped by the US in Afghanistan The Mother of all Battles, Trump's acronym for the ongoing conflict in Syria It's the name of the White House cat Trump caused an international diplomatic furore when he declined to shake which world leader's hand on St Patrick's Day? Twitter Enda Kenny Francois Hollande Justin Trudeau Angela Merkel With which country did Trump confuse Syria after launching a missile strike at it? Shutterstock Iran Iraq Lebanon North Korea What was wrong with Trump's Make America Great Again Irish-themed hat? Twitter It featured a map of Great Britain on the back It sported a shamrock with one too many leaves It misspelt 'great' on the side It was too large to fit any human head How many times has Trump visited the 'winter White House' at Mar-a-Lago in Florida since becoming president? PA 7 8 9 10 Answer all the questions to see your result! PA You scored out of ! You're Sean Spicer! "Spicey finally made a mistake..." Share your result: Share Tweet PA You scored out of ! You're Sean Spicer! "Spicey finally made a mistake..." Share your result: Share Tweet PA You scored out of ! You're Sean Spicer! "Spicey finally made a mistake..." Share your result: Share Tweet PA You scored out of ! You're Sean Spicer! "Spicey finally made a mistake..." Share your result: Share Tweet PA You scored out of ! You're Sean Spicer! "Spicey finally made a mistake..." Share your result: Share Tweet PA You scored out of ! You're Sean Spicer! "Spicey finally made a mistake..." Share your result: Share Tweet PA You scored out of ! You're Steve Bannon! You're a little outta favour there big guy Share your result: Share Tweet PA You scored out of ! You're Steve Bannon! You're a little outta favour there big guy Share your result: Share Tweet PA You scored out of ! You're Steve Bannon! You're a little outta favour there big guy Share your result: Share Tweet PA You scored out of ! You're Steve Bannon! You're a little outta favour there big guy Share your result: Share Tweet PA You scored out of ! You're Steve Bannon! You're a little outta favour there big guy Share your result: Share Tweet PA You scored out of ! You're Kellyanne Conway! You know your Trump - alternative FACT Share your result: Share Tweet PA You scored out of ! You're Kellyanne Conway! You know your Trump - alternative FACT Share your result: Share Tweet PA You scored out of ! You're Ivanka Trump! Like father like daughter... Share your result: Share Tweet PA You scored out of ! You're Ivanka Trump! Like father like daughter... Share your result: Share Tweet Twitter You scored out of ! You're The Donald! You may be a little orange, but you know your Trump Share your result: Share Tweet Twitter You scored out of ! You're The Donald! You may be a little orange, but you know your Trump Share your result: Share Tweet Get breaking news from TheJournal.ie via Facebook. Just click Like. Short URL Tweet this Share on Facebook Email this article   About the author: About the author Cianan Brennan @ciananbrennan cianan@thejournal.ie See more articles by Cianan Brennan Contribute to this story: Leave a Comment Send a Photo / Video Send a Tip Send a Correction Read next: Embed this post To embed this post, copy the code below on your site 600px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/trump-100-days-quiz-3355795-Apr2017/?embedpost=3355795&width=600&height=460" ></iframe> 400px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/trump-100-days-quiz-3355795-Apr2017/?embedpost=3355795&width=400&height=460" ></iframe> 300px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/trump-100-days-quiz-3355795-Apr2017/?embedpost=3355795&width=300&height=460" ></iframe> Email “Quiz: How well do you remember Donald Trump's first 100 days?”. Your Email Recipient's Email Submit Feedback on “Quiz: How well do you remember Donald Trump's first 100 days?”. Your Feedback Your Email (optional) Submit Report a Comment Please select the reason for reporting this comment. Please select your reason for reporting... You don't like this comment, or you disagree with this commenter It contains offensive language, is hateful or incites violence It contains a libelous/defamatory statement Some other reason... Please give full details of the problem with the comment... Your Email Submit COMMENTS (47) This is YOUR comments community. Stay civil, stay constructive, stay on topic. Please familiarise yourself with our comments policy here before taking part. write a comment Leave a commentcancel Log in with: Facebook Twitter Log out Logged in with Share Comment on Facebook or Twitter Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Post Comment Read Next: Download our app Trending Opinions 'Literally every day during the recession I'd come in and check how much cash we had' Paschal Naylor After he saw the tech revolution was going to kill the print industry, this accountant moved to a career in IT. Stigma: 'When a doctor can say to you when filling out a sick cert: "Will I just put depression, or…?"' Jen Ronan We have a long way to go in this country when it comes to our approach to mental health matters, writes Jen Ronan. When to use horticultural fleece: 'The Irish spring can bite you in the bum' Michael Kelly Let’s hope that’s the end of the cold nights for this year, writes Michael Kelly. Most Popular Today 1 Gardaí launch murder investigation into death of Samantha Walsh (31) 54,675  17 2 Stigma: 'When a doctor can say to you when filling out a sick cert: "Will I just put depression, or…?"' 37,631  40 3 The Late Late Show met some of Ireland's newest citizens 31,555  159 1 GamerCon is out of cash - and its suppliers are out of pocket 1,758  0 2 Hostelworld founder Ray Nolan: 'This is my first real job in six or seven years' 261  0 3 'Too often, Irish work teams suffer from a terminal politeness problem' 174  0 1 'I was desperate to go to the toilet... So I peed over the balcony and there was a nurse underneath' 38,919  50 2 Anthony Joshua knocks out Wladimir Klitschko in world heavyweight epic 25,660  76 3 Unstoppable! Katie Taylor wins yet again and claims her first pro belt 20,943  20 1 This Irish girl had a great red chair story about being a primary teacher on Graham Norton 19,396  2 2 17 hilarious reactions to the Fyre Festival debacle that's sweeping the internet 8,988  10 3 A bar in Dublin had a stolen item returned in the post by a sound customer full of regret 7,620  1 Trending Tags PLANNING Simon Coveney thinks Ireland should go high-rise 'in the right places' 'Planners are trying to engage with us and we have a duty to join the conversation' A €50 million plan to regenerate one of the country's most famous shopping centres has been lodged PLOUGHING This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday How Marty Morrissey and his cardboard cut-out own the Ploughing COURTS 'Bit of an eejit' who got 'swept up' in cocaine handover loses appeal to reduce sentence 'What would Michael Collins think of this?': Joan Burton continues Jobstown evidence Ambulance driver sentenced to 2.5 years for sexual assault of nine-year-old girl NORTHERN IRELAND EU leaders back deal that would see North rejoin EU in event of Irish unity Kingsmill massacre: Government attacks claims it is 'standing in the way' of inquest Arlene Foster praised and criticised for meeting with Irish language groups GARDAí Concern gardaí will become targets for terrorists at post-Brexit border posts Man (20s) arrested in Limerick city after four injured in altercation Here's What Happened Today: Saturday DUBLIN As It Happened: Dublin v Galway, All-Ireland U21 football final 'This is just a drop in the ocean': Pictures show rats and mould in emergency accommodation There are no northside DARTs running today or tomorrow ∞ About Us About Us We're Hiring! Contact Us Advertise With Us Tech Blog Follow Us Twitter Facebook Corrections Report Content Policies Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Advertising Comments Copyright Competition Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2017 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623. Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8. TheJournal.ie is a full participating member of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman Lo-Call 1890 208 080 or go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy. News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites. Switch to Mobile Site | Night mode Sites: TheJournal.ie | BusinessETC.ie | The42 | DailyEdge.ie | Boards.ie | Adverts.ie | Daft.ie Blow the whistle or share a story Upload an image Upload an image cancel Add an image URL cancel Upload a video | Add YouTube video Upload a video cancel YouTube Address (URL): cancel Your email (optional) Submit Alternatively, you can email us at: tips@thejournal.ie Please log in to comment Please log in with facebook to become a fan Please log in RSS feeds available here: TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed Quiz: How well do you remember Donald Trump's first 100 days? Comments Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit TheJournal.ie Facebook Edition Share stories with your friends and family easily Comment without having to login More features coming soon...
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 66° Low 57° High 73° Fayetteville 64° Low 56° High 69° Bentonville 64° Low 55° High 66° See complete forecast Power Restored In North Fayetteville Posted 12:15 pm, April 29, 2017, by 5NEWS Web Staff, Updated at 03:36PM, April 29, 2017 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email (Getty Images) × Power Restored In North Fayetteville (Getty Images) FAYETTEVILLE (KFSM) — Multiple businesses in north Fayetteville lost power after severe storms Saturday (April 29) morning, according to Southwestern Electric Power Company (SWEPCO). Walmart, Old Navy and Bed, Bath & Beyond on Mall Avenue were without power, along with 1,000 other customers, said SWEPCO spokesperson Peter Main. Power was restored about 11:19 a.m. Saturday after an outage at a substation on Van Asche Drive, Main said. SWEPCO serves roughly 500,000 customers in Northwest Arkansas, the River Valley and parts of Oklahoma and Texas. Click here to view an outage map. Remember to charge your phones and stay connected with 5News with our news app.   Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. High Five See the positive news of the day! Popular 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results All Benton County Bridges Are Closed Due To Flooding Missing Polk County Child Found Dead; Search Underway For Brother Garrett’s Blog: Timeline of Severe Storms, Flooding Latest News 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Washington County Emergency Declaration Issued LeFlore County Tornado Rated EF2 American Red Cross NWA Handling Shelter Logistics For Those Displaced Pressure On Young Arkansas Wide Receivers To Fill Holes News SWEPCO Prepared To Help Nearby States In Ice Storm News Power Restored To Most Fayetteville Residents After Car Hits Power Pole News Power Outages Reported In Benton County News Nearly 10,000 Power Outages Reported Area-wide Overnight News Commuter Train Cuts FedEx Truck In Two In Crash Caught On Video News Winter Storm Moves Up East Coast News About 500 Without Power In Benton County News OG&E Reports 1,500 Fort Smith Customers Without Power News Multiple Power Outages Reported In Fort Smith News Computer Outage Disrupts Customs At US Airports News State Reports Injuries, Power Outages, Home And Property Damage After Overnight Storms News Central Plains Hit With Deadly Ice Storm, Brace For More News Mississippi Storm: At Least 4 Dead; Damage Reported In Hattiesburg Area Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Classifieds Jobs Rental_map Yardsale_map Openhouses Place your own Ad Legal Notices Homes Business Directory Read the e-edition Sign up for Email Alerts Really Big Deals Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber Services Manage your Subscription Start a Subscription Make a Payment Enter a Vacation Stop Subscriptions Sections 38° Pocatello, ID (83204) Today Mostly cloudy early then partly cloudy and windy later in the day. High around 60F. Winds WSW at 20 to 30 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Gusty winds early. Low 38F. SW winds at 20 to 30 mph, decreasing to 10 to 15 mph. Updated: April 29, 2017 @ 11:53 pm Full Forecast Search News Local State World Business Community Entertainment Morning National Sports ISU Local ISJ Preps Prep Stars National Sports Stars Outdoors Opinion Letters to the editor Columns Editorials Send a letter to the editor Blogs Community Kay Merriam Police blotter Politics Features Webcam TV Listings Magazines Tales of the Dinner Belle Obituaries Place an Obituary Today's Obituaries Galleries Photos Videos Sites The Jhub Pocatello Parents ISU Voice Yesteryear Xtreme Idaho Business Journal Power County Journal Blackfoot Journal Pocatello Menus Ask A Pro The Doctor is in Events Twenty Under 40 Idaho For Pet's Sake ISJ Sports Stars Family Fun Day Idaho State Business and Achievement Awards Reader's Choice Contests Home Blackfoot Journal AP SW Idaho man's request to withdraw guilty plea rejected Apr 29, 2017 Updated 15 hrs ago (…) CALDWELL, Idaho (AP) — An Idaho man who pleaded guilty to a shooting that seriously wounded a 10-year-old girl will not be allowed to withdraw his guilty plea. KTVB-TV reports (http://bit.ly/2qpS3WH) that a judge earlier this week rejected the request by 20-year-old Mario Garza. Garza and Ezri Garcia were charged after a June 2016 shootout at a Nampa Walmart where families had gathered to watch a fireworks show. Story continues below video × Advertisement The girl was struck in the shoulder, and surgeons were unable to remove the bullet due to possible nerve damage. Garza pleaded guilty in November to aggravated assault with a weapons enhancement and felony riot with a gang enhancement. He asked to withdraw his plea in February. He faces up to 18 years in prison at his sentencing next month. Garcia pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 19 years in prison. ___ Information from: KTVB-TV, http://www.ktvb.com/ Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags General News Crime Violent Crime Shootings Legal Proceedings Law And Order Sentencing Locations Idaho United States North America loading... loading... Join us April 29 for the Idaho For Pet's Sake pet expo! Newsletter Signup Sign up today, or manage your subscriptions, to one of our great newsletters: Breaking News Daily Headlines and much more! Get your e-Newsletters Latest E-Edition Idaho State Journal Read the latest edition of the Idaho State Journal in our e-edition format, which combines the familiarity of the printed-paper format with the convenience of reading on your phone, tablet or desktop computer from anywhere. Trending Today Articles Articles Sorry, there are no recent results for popular articles. Video Highlights Visit Idaho State Journal's profile on Pinterest. $59,900 View more Listings Poll Do you support the proposed expansion of the Bannock County jail? You voted: Vote View Results Back ISJ Webcam Click here to control and for traffic cams Images are generated every 10 minutes. More Latest Classifieds Help Wanted Driver NOW HIRING IMMEDIATELY Experienced Dump Truck/ Side Dump Driver Mobile AMERICAN FALLS Rent To Own nice mobile homes in a Mobile "RENT TO OWN" Bathrooms: 2 Idaho State Journal 305 S. Arthur Pocatello, ID 83204 208-232-4161 newsroom@journalnet.com Call us at 208-232-4161 or send an email Subscribe Today! Manage your subscription Report a delivery issue Pay your bill Vacation stop Sign up for our daily email alerts Get in touch with the Journal Common Submissions Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Obituary Add a Calendar Event Advertising Place a Classified Ad Milestones Announcements Birthdays Missionary Eagle Scout Engagements/Weddings Anniversaries Pioneer Newspapers Bozeman Daily Chronicle Idaho Press Tribune Idaho State Journal Skagit Valley Herald Herald Journal Herald and News Standard Journal Daily Record Teton Valley News Belgrade News Lone Peak Lookout West Yellowstone News © Copyright 2017 Idaho State Journal, 305 S. Arthur Pocatello, ID | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Search for: s f s m Skip to content News Business Crime Education General News Politics & government Community Community Local History People & Places Sports Entertainment Art & music Stage & Screen Entertainment Food & Drink Books Family Calendar Lifestyle Food & Drink Celebrations Explore Health Home Nature Special Sections Summer Camp Guide Voices Columns Economy Editorials Hugh Reynolds Letters Classifieds Contact About & FAQ Advertise General inquiries Upcoming sections Where to Guide HV Health Magazine Home, Lawn & Garden Subscribe Browse by paper: Almanac Weekly New Paltz Times Woodstock Times Kingston Times Saugerties Times m Skip to content Subscriptions Advertise General inquiries Upcoming sections HV Health Magazine Home, Lawn & Garden Summer in the Valley About Newsletters Summer Camp Guide Browse by paper: Almanac Weekly New Paltz Times Kingston Times Woodstock Times Saugerties Times Special Sections Sections News General News Politics & government Crime Business Education Community Community People & Places Local History Sports Arts & Entertainment Art & music Stage & Screen Entertainment Family Books Food & Drink Voices Columns Letters Editorials Economy Hugh Reynolds Lifestyle Explore Celebrations Health Home Special Sections Calendar Classifieds Post navigation <Saugerties aquatic center unlikely to get taxpayer funds Chronixx plays Bearsville> f w h fFacebook wTwitter gGoogle+ pPinterest Business Hannaford to take over Hurley Ridge Market by Paul Smart/April 27, 2017/1 comment Tweet Email Print (Photo by Dion Ogust) Katie Epstein’s first memory of her grandparents’ pharmacy and deli, now Hurley Ridge Market, was when she was three. “I was surprised as anyone to find out we were selling to Hannford’s,” she said this week of the announcement she got alongside everyone else at the market on Friday, April 21. “It’s definitely very sad to see this all changing.” Hannaford Supermarkets made their announcement in a formal press release on Monday, April 24, noting plans to open a new store at the West Hurley location this summer. “Hannaford is excited about the opportunity to serve local residents and become an active member of the community,” said company spokesman Eric Blom in the release. “Customers will find great fresh food, a wide assortment of products and everyday low prices at their West Hurley Hannaford.” Advertisement It was further noted that the property’s new owner, Southern Realty and Development, had approached Hannaford about leasing the 26,000-square-foot space once Hurley Ridge Market closed July 20. Renovations, Hannaford’s press release added, will begin immediately after and are expected to last one month. Epstein, who currently serves as Hurley Ridge Market’s assistant store manager, said that a meeting has been set with Hannaford top brass and the new property owners on May 2, at which time details will be elaborated on regarding future work at Hannaford’s for the current store’s 74 employees, store offerings, and other matters. Trending Over 30 teens arrested at post-prom party in Saugerties New Paltz planners opt for less stringent review of CVS/Five Guys project Saugerties Lions Club expands playground Southern Realty and Development, in a separate press release, said that Main Street Wine and Liquor, Governor Clinton Cleaners and Rondout Savings Bank will keep their current leases and stay open through the main store’s renovations this summer. The Warwick-based company has noted that over its 25 year history it has, “developed and or acquired in excess of 3,000,000 square feet of retail properties in the northeastern and southeastern United States,” with retail tenants including CVS, Home Depot, Wal-Mart, Taco Bell, Dunkin Donuts, Hampton Inns and Hannaford Supermarkets.   Langer’s in 1970 Katie Epstein remembers her dad, Michael, serving as deli manager for years before Bill and Barbara Epstein decided to start expanding after the closing of the Grand Union Market in Woodstock, which became a CVS. Her mom, Tzeitel, was bookkeeper, and for a long while they managed the store. “He’s been out on medical leave for the last year,” she said. “Owning the store was very hard on my grandmother after Bill, my grandfather, died in January of 2016.” The Epsteins first purchased the old Langer Pharmacy in West Hurley in 1970; they later bought the market that was adjacent to their pharmacy in 1986, expanding it to 12,000 square-feet to include an in-store bakery, fresh meat and seafood counter and a fresh produce department as an alternative to the Grand Union in its last years. In 2002 they added an additional 12,000 square-feet for a larger deli, more organic products, and even a popular sushi counter. More recently, longtime Hurley Ridge employee Teri Bach-Tucker was named manager, with the third generation Epstein, Katie, as her assistant. Bach-Tucker spoke this week, in a separate interview, about the loyal customer base of full-time and weekender residents that Hurley Ridge Market has built up over the years, along with such specialty items as 500 types of beer and dozens of cheeses requested by the community. The upscale nature of the market was brought up. Barbara Epstein, in another press release, noted simply that, “For everything there is a season and now is the time to move on. The Epstein family, with gratitude and appreciation, thanks the Hurley Ridge Market staff and the communities they have served.”   Long struggle “Our goal is to open the new Hannaford as quickly as possible to begin serving customers,” Blom said of the company founded in Maine 134 years ago and currently operating 181 stores with 27,000 employees throughout the Northeast. “We understand how important a supermarket is for local residents, both as a source of groceries and as a community center.” Concurrent to the Hurley Ridge Market announcement, Sunflower Natural Foods in Woodstock has brought forth early plans to the town planning board and commission on civic design for a full renovation of Bradley Meadows shopping plaza. More on this in the near future. Meanwhile, Katie Epstein added that she was hoping the new supermarket going into the space she feels she’s grown up in will still have sushi. Yet she also acknowledged reality. “All of us in the family have a sense of relief,” she said. “It’s been hard with the local population decreasing. It’s been a long financial struggle.” Read more stories from Woodstock Times Related Sign up for the Woodstock Times newsletter Woodstock Times Daily (when there's a new post) Weekly You might like these CDPHP, Health Quest settle on contract Saugerties approves 53-unit village apartment complex William Grant & Sons acquires Gardiner’s Tuthilltown Spirits Check it out Harvey G. Eastman: College founder, mayor and assemblyman who cured ‘the sickly city’ and got the railroad bridge built Ulster County 2016 drug overdoses, by town and gender Report: Almost half of Ulster County households are broke There is one comment Reply Barbara Epstein April 29, 2017 at 8:18 am The Hurley Ridhe market is closing. Southern REalty Development was not interested in running a grocery. The leased the vacated space to Hannaford. We are pleased to know that the area will have a well run community grocery. It will be a wonderful partner of the area. I remain a grateful member of the community. Barbara Epstein Post Your Thoughts Cancel Trending Over 30 teens arrested at post-prom party in Saugerties under Crime New Paltz planners opt for less stringent review of CVS/Five Guys project under Politics & Government Saugerties Lions Club expands playground under Community Hannaford to take over Hurley Ridge Market under Business Browse by paper Almanac Weekly New Paltz Times Woodstock Times Saugerties Times Kingston Times Recent comments Mark on Over 30 teens arrested at post-prom party in Saugerties Jamie Cohon on When the Turnau Opera Players reigned in Woodstock Commuter B on New Paltz planners opt for less stringent review of CVS/Five Guys project Steven L Fornal on New Paltz planners opt for less stringent review of CVS/Five Guys project upstatenow on Saugerties theater group plans arts and science center at mill ruins Hudson Valley One ©2017 Ulster Publishing Outspoken theme by Wpshower Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
ActionNewsJax.com LIVE http://www.actionnewsjax.com/cmg-main-theme/css ActionNewsJax.com SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wjax profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12386682 Home 12386742 News County by County Weird Florida Nation & World Skyvision El Faro Action Button Links Download News App Black History Month 12386688 Weather First Alert Doppler HD Interactive Radar First Alert Wx App Eclipse 2017 Sky Cams Hour by Hour 7-Day Forecast Weekend Forecast Hurricane Center Buresh Blog Weather Photos 12386748 Traffic First Alert Traffic Twitter Gas Prices 12386964 Watch Watch Live Stream Watch Latest Newscast Video Social Media Photo Galleries What's On WJAX-TV Action News Jax Sunday 15413233 Investigates Restaurant Report Predator Alert 12386760 Sports Action Sports Jax Jacksonville Jaguars Friday Night Blitz Georgia - Florida Game SEC Sports ACC Sports Dream 18 Super Bowl NHRA Gatornationals Contest Fight for the Fedora 12386850 Family Focus Community Calendar Adopt A Nest Take Steps Walk Shrimp Festival March for Babies 166575486 About Us Action News Jax Team Get TV MeTV on MyTVJax Talent Appearances Submit Events Contact Us Jobs at Cox Millennials at CMG 417767243 Local Solutions 166656945 Home for Good Jax 166650644 Jax Dream Home Pros 413973870 Zika virus in Florida 506187273 Daytona Contest 506187279 NHRA Gatornationals Contest More Sign up for Action News Jax Newsletters Delivered To Your Inbox Newsletter: Sign Up Please Wait Thank You for Subscribing! Your newsletters will be arriving soon. Police seeking charges, say bounty hunters shot 2 men by: SHEILA BURKE, Associated Press Updated: Apr 29, 2017 - 3:06 AM Twtter NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) - Police in Tennessee say they are asking a grand jury to bring charges because investigators believe bounty hunters shot two men in a wild incident last weekend in which one of the men was fatally wounded. Clarksville Police spokesman Jim Knoll said authorities will ask a county grand jury on Monday to bring charges after the shooting last weekend in which he says neither man shot was the person whom bounty hunters were trying to serve with a warrant Authorities have declined to divulge many details about the shooting before the case heads to the grand jury. The man who died has been identified as 24-year-old Jalen Johnson, a father of three from Clarksville. His uncle said the victim was an innocent man gunned down in a case of mistaken identity. "Absolutely, they were out of control," Johnson's uncle, Toni Jenkins, said of the bounty hunters. "The objective of a bounty hunter is to identify a suspect and serve them with a warrant and bring them to jail, but that's not what happened." Knoll said the bounty hunters confronted four men in a car parked at a Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market in Clarksville just after midnight that Sunday. Shots were fired and bounty hunters then chased the men for nearly seven miles, according to Knoll. He added that no one in the car had any outstanding warrant. The police spokesman wouldn't say how many bounty hunters were involved, when the shots were fired and what exactly transpired in the parking lot. It's not clear why the bounty hunters confronted the men in the vehicle in Clarksville, about 50 miles (80 kilometers) northwest of Nashville near the state line with Kentucky. Jenkins said the men in the car with his nephew Jalen Johnson had no idea who approached them in the parking lot, blocking their car. "They just thought they were some gang or something," Jenkins said. One of the bounty hunters smashed out a window in the car, the uncle said, adding they took off because they were afraid. He said Johnson was a passenger in the back seat. The uncle said the bounty hunters started shooting in the parking lot and continued to fire while they were chasing the Nissan with Johnson and his three friends in it. "They were shooting and ramming the car and everything," Jenkins said. Clarksville Police would not say whether there was a high-speed chase involving gunfire and a vehicle being rammed. But authorities said they are very troubled by what happened and the risk to the men in the vehicle and to the public. They said they are asking questions about who regulates bounty hunters. "Any time you start firing off bullets and chasing people you're putting the public in danger, no matter who it is," Knoll said. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter Police seeking charges, say bounty hunters shot 2 men Journalists honor press freedom at a dinner without Trump At 100 days in, Trump seems both outsider and insider Official: Deaths reported, dozens hospitalized after tornado Investments in Russia become focus in congressional race News Local News National/World News Video Traffic First Alert Weather Interactive Radar First Alert Doppler HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WJAX/WFOX What's on CBS47/ FOX30 WFOX Public File WFOX EEOC Statement WJAX Public File WJAX EEOC Statement Jobs © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Log In Advanced Articles Ads Businesses Events Videos Search  NEWCOMERS   RVL MAGAZINE   MEDICAL DIRECTORY   SUBSCRIBE   ADVERTISE   NEWS ALERTS   DINING GUIDE   JOBS  Home News Sports RVL Opinion Blogs Events/Photos Archive My Content Classifieds Biz Directory Local Obituaries State Crime Education Community Faith Politics/Government Nation World Business Online Features Youth High school College Professional Outdoors Features Announcements Lunch Menus Forms Editorials Columnists Letters to the Editor Submit a letter Sean Ingram David Meadows News briefs Photos Community calendar Post your event My content My profiles My events My blogs My buddies Browse classifieds Submit a classified Restaurants Shopping Sports and recreation Hotels/Lodging Health Real estate Other April 30, 2017 #today The Courier Your Messenger For The River Valley 08:00 AM, Saturday, April 29 2017 | 257 views | 0  | 7   |  |  n The Dardanelle Police Department will conduct a Drug Take Back day. Anyone with unused, unwanted or expired pharmaceutical drugs can drop them off from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. today at the police station, located at 2005 State Highway 22. n The Russellville Police Department has postponed its Drug Take Back day at both Russellville Walmart locations because of the chance of severe weather. A Drug Take Back box is located inside the RPD headquarters. n The annual Pope County Spring Cleanup will be conducted from 7 a.m. to noon today at the Pope County Road Department at No. 5 County Complex off of Weir Road in Russellville. No burn barrels, businesses and contractors. Items accepted include trash (in bags), metals, tires, appliances, batteries, paints, household hazardous materials, etc. There will also be a place to dispose of unused medications. Recycle bins will be available for paper, cardboard, aluminum, plastic, e-waste (computers, printers, TV's) and glass (no window or door glass). Copyright 2017 The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley. All rights reserved. Share This Article | similar stories #today | 2 days 16 hrs ago The Courier Your Messenger For The River Valley Copyright 2017 The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley. All rights reserved. #today | 28 days ago The Courier Your Messenger For The River Valley Copyright 2017 The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley. All rights reserved. #today | 7 days ago The Courier Your Messenger For The River Valley Copyright 2017 The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley. All rights reserved. Know and Do (042517 ) | 4 days ago The Courier Your Messenger For The River Valley Copyright 2017 The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley. All rights reserved. Obituary: Jerry Osburn | 5 days ago The Courier Your Messenger For The River Valley Copyright 2017 The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley. All rights reserved. Comments (0) Post a Comment No Comments Yet Contact Us | About Us | Newsstands | Subscriptions | Advertising | Support Software powered by Sole Solution. Content © 2017 Russellville Newspapers Inc. The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley in Russellville, AR. MEMBER OF THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Associated Press is entitled exclusively to the use of or republication of all the local news printed in this newspaper as well as AP news dispatches.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Streetwise Property Plays in an Aging Bull Market One key for real estate success: corporate tenants with entry barriers to entry, that can’t leave and want more space. By Kopin Tan Biography Updated April 29, 2017 12:05 a.m. ET As CEO and portfolio manager of a real estate fund, Burland East looks for stocks of companies whose tenants aren’t just thriving and able to pay more rent. He especially likes real estate where a tenant, for whatever reason—maybe it operates a nearby dam, or giant cellphone towers—can’t simply up and leave. If this sounds a bit like Hotel California, having a buffer from the economy’s cyclical swings can be useful. Last week, our aging bull market made another run that took the Standard & Poor’s 500 index just shy of... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. The Trump Tax Plan: The Good, Bad, and Dumb Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Paul Wick: Bullish on Micron, Bearish on Tesla Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Caterpillar Stock Revs Up Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Banks, Restaurants, MLPs Could Win Under Tax Plan Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Fiberoptic Stocks Are Back, and This Time It’s for Real Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Caterpillar Revving Up? 2 Why Trump Gets a 100-Day Review — When Others Don’t 3 Private Equity for the Mass Affluent Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Narendra Modi Donald Trump Bahubali 2 Exam results 2017 IPL 2017 News Technology News Why the YouTube ad boycott could be bad for Google in the future Shares20 DNA Web Team | Sat, 29 Apr 2017-03:28pm , Mumbai , DNA webdesk It is unclear whether the recent ad boycott of YouTube will be short-lived or the start of a long-term shift away from the video service. Google’s parent Alphabet reported a 22.2 percent rise in quarterly revenue, driven by a surge in advertising on mobiles and it's popular YouTube video service even after well-known brands said they would temporarily suspend advertising on the video-streaming service after the Times of London reportedly discovered ads placed next to racist, sexist and xenophobic content. Approximately 250 advertisers were boycotting YouTube, some of which include PepsiCo, Wal-Mart Stores, Starbucks, AT&T, Verizon, Johnson & Johnson, and Volkswagen. According to a report by CNBC, the company reached out to calm ‘thousands and thousands’ of YouTube clients nervous that their brands might be next to suffer the same embarrassment. CEO Sundar Pichai stated that the company had taken ‘serious and significant steps’ to address advertisers’ concerns after several large brands suspended advertising. He says, “We're evolving overall to a better place and the feedback from our partners was very positive and constructive.” Even though the company’s earnings rose, it is believed that the fallout from the YouTube boycott is likely to be felt through the rest of this year, points out Associated Press. Certain advertisers have curtailed their spending until they are convinced Google can prevent their brands from appearing next to extremist clips promoting hate and violence. DNA Web Team TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech Turkey blocks access to Wikipedia website, without giving any reason! Sci/Tech Why the YouTube ad boycott could be bad for Google in the future Sci/Tech Now translate WhatsApp messages using this app Sci/Tech British inventor takes flight in 'Iron Man' suit Sci/Tech Kinetic Green introduces its first electric three-wheeler with lithium-ion battery Sci/Tech Nintendo revamps 3DS with new 2DS XL Live Cricket Score Kings XI Punjab vs Delhi Daredevils Sun, 30 April 2017, 04:00 PM IST Related Now translate WhatsApp messages using this app Google CEO Sundar Pichai made nearly $200 million in 2016! Google, Facebook cheated out of $100m in phishing scheme Video WATCH: This awesome Iron Man suit lets you take flight in real life! Watch: Baby elephant gets attacked by a crocodile. What happened next will make you go aww! WATCH: Baby elephant joins its mother in the cutest elephant attack on safari visitors! View all Tags Google YouTube YouTube ad boycott Google CEO Sundar Pichai Web Exclusive SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Press been very good under Trump, says WHCA president Normal life hit due to separatists' strike in Kashmir First-ever revenue survey in naxal affected Abujhmad launched Japan warship to escort US supply vessel in Pacific: media Trump invites Philippines' Duterte to Washington for talks Sport Mladenovic halts Sharapova's controversial comeback run at Stuttgart I always have death bowling session at nets: Bumrah Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Sunday, April 30 Soccer-Japanese championship results and standings Bayern Munich seal Bundesliga title after thrashing Wolfsburg 6-0 Entertainment Emma Stone talks about her struggle with anxiety Watson went to princess boot camp for 'Beauty and the Beast' Robert Zemeckis-Steve Carell film to release in November 2018 Aaron Rodgers spotted on golf date with Kelly Rohrbach Orlando Bloom spotted having dinner with mysterious woman Money Petrol and diesel prices to change everyday in these 5 cities from tomorrow RERA comes into force tomorrow, only 13 states notify rules Govt plans to cut coal imports for power PSUs to zero in FY18 Telecom subscriber base in India grows to 1.18 bn in Feb: Trai Chili's to open 5 outlets; targets Rs 100 cr sales in FY18 Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Summary - Story List About Us Advertise Contact Us Local Weather Pay Your Bill Report a Delivery Problem Subscribe to The Times Daily Subscription Services Vacation Start / Stop News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections State Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Opinion Editorials Reader's View Columnists You said it Obituaries Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Gallery Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Rentals Real Estate Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com Autos TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classifieds Ad Yellow Pages Deals Jobs Cars Real Estate Weather Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Select A Location The Shoals Decatur Guntersville Athens HuntsvilleMadison Moulton Custom Location Within 5 mi. 10 mi. 25 mi. 50 mi. 100 mi. 200 mi. of zip code USA Canada Results per page 10 25 50 100 Sort by Distance Name Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections 2016 Election Sample Ballots State State Capital Contact Local Lawmakers Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Belgreen Brooks Central Cherokee Colbert County Colbert Heights Collinwood Covenant Christian Deshler Florence Football Scores Hackleburg Haleyville Hamilton Hatton Lauderdale County Lawrence Co. Tenn Lexington Loretto Mars Hill Muscle Shoals Phil Campbell Phillips R.A. Hubbard Red Bay Rogers Russellville Sheffield Shoals Christian Tharptown Vina Waterloo Wayne County Wilson Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Obituaries Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com TNValleyJobFinder.com TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classified Ad Yellow Pages TNValleyDeals.com Close 1 of 2 Buy Now MATT MCKEAN Motorists turn onto Lauderdale County road 46 from Middle Road and head to Cox Creek Parkway. Motorists use county road 46 as a cut through and has become quite congested as a result. [MATT MCKEAN/TIMESDAILY] Buy Now MATT MCKEAN Traffic moves down Lauderdale County road 46 and turns onto Cox Creek Parkway. Motorists use county road 46 as a cut through from Middle Road to Cox Creek and has become quite congested as a result. [MATT MCKEAN/TIMESDAILY] spotlight Gresham Road traffic increases By Jennifer Edwards Staff Writer Apr 29, 2017 Updated Apr 29, 2017 0 Buy Now MATT MCKEAN Motorists turn onto Lauderdale County road 46 from Middle Road and head to Cox Creek Parkway. Motorists use county road 46 as a cut through and has become quite congested as a result. [MATT MCKEAN/TIMESDAILY] Buy Now MATT MCKEAN Traffic moves down Lauderdale County road 46 and turns onto Cox Creek Parkway. Motorists use county road 46 as a cut through from Middle Road to Cox Creek and has become quite congested as a result. [MATT MCKEAN/TIMESDAILY] FLORENCE -- Gresham Road is a not-so-secret route around Florence's often congested, stop-and-go traffic on Cox Creek Parkway. The two-lane road in Lauderdale County carries thousands of cars a day from Cox Creek Parkway to the back entrance of Target, Dicks Sporting Goods and the other stores in the Cox Creek Parkway Shopping Center. Other cars travel further down the narrow road to Seville Street to get to Kohl's Department Store, Home Depot, the Walmart SuperCenter and the dozen or so other stores and restaurants that sit just a block off of Cox Creek Parkway. It is easier to navigate Gresham Road -- also Lauderdale 46 -- than deal with the five lanes of traffic and series of red lights on Cox Creek Parkway. It is not a new predicament. It is also not getting better. "It's been an issue that's ongoing for as long as I've been on the council," said City Councilman Andy Betterton, who also is a member of the planning commission. "I've had any number of conversations with residents and citizens in the area on how to do this," Betterton said. "And from traveling this road myself, it is simply not an easy solution." Large-scale residential development in the area has increased traffic on the road. The Florence Planning Commission granted preliminary subdivision approval and recommended rezoning 12 acres of property on Gresham Road for a new 110-unit apartment complex. The planned complex is to be located next door to Seville Place Apartments, and almost directly across Gresham Road from Hunter's Ridge subdivision. Florence City Planner Melissa Bailey said, based on building permits issued, the current phase of Hunters Ridge is about 50 percent complete. She said 27 building permits have been issued for the subdivision that has 56 platted lots. The concerns for Gresham Road don't end at the intersection of Seville Street. Gresham Road intersects with Middle Road, which connects to Florence Boulevard, creating a route to that highway that bypasses the busiest section of Cox Creek Parkway. "There is a lot of other pressure that is being created for this road that is not necessarily native or natural to this road that has to do with the entrance on the other side," planning commission member Britt Blanton said. "This is one of these situations where the city is organically growing, and we have to be on top of this." Residents asked the planning commission, before the board voted on the rezoning and subdivision approval, to be mindful of traffic and try to find a solution to congestion and flow on the road. Planning Commissioner Bud Pride said the city will have to take the lead. "The work that needs to be done on Gresham Road needs to have been done yesterday," Pride said. "If it is ever going to get done, the city of Florence is going to have to take the lead. If the city does not take the lead to get the improvements that are necessary on that road, we will be talking about this five years, 10 years from now." The rub is that Florence, right now, has little influence over what goes on with the road. The majority of it is a county-maintained road, which means any widening project would have to be done under the purview of Lauderdale County leadership. Lauderdale County Engineer Eric Hill said there are no road improvement plans for Gresham Road.  Lauderdale County did add asphalt on the road edges to create a road shoulder in some parts. "As for Florence, as they continue to annex and grow, their ability to do anything on that road depends on how the city grows and what they annex," Hill said. He said the property on both sides of the road would have to be inside Florence city limits for a city-funded widening project. Some property on the south side of the road is in the city limits. Farther east, the property is in St. Florian, and the north side of the road is primarily in Lauderdale County. Betterton said when it comes to cooperation between Lauderdale County and the city, the issue is funding. So much of the traffic that is using the road as a short cut is doing so to get to shopping and restaurants that pay sales tax to Florence, so the traffic is benefiting Florence more than the county. "I had a conversation with two county commissioners within the last month, and they say, 'You find the money and we will work together,'" Betterton said. jennifer.edwards@TimesDaily.com or 256-740-5754. Twitter @TD_JEdwards. × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. News updates Community Listings Shoals Births Bright Side Academic Achievers Health Ratings Lauderdale man indicted in deputies' assaults Religion Calendar Sign up for our Newsletter Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates Would you like to receive our daily news? Signup today!  Manage your lists Games, Puzzles and Horoscopes Comics Interactive Games and Puzzles Horoscopes Public Information Databases Area crime reports Area storm shelters Alabama unemployment rates by county Restaurant Health Ratings Shoals Birth Announcements Franklin Grand Jury Indictments Lauderdale Grand Jury Indictments Online Poll At what age did you learn to read? You voted: 3: 4: 5: 6: Older than 6: Younger than 3: Vote View Results Back Sections News Sports Life Business Opinion Obituaries Gallery Video Gallery Weather About Us Contact Us Employment Opportunities Follow Us Affiliated Websites Times Daily Decatur Daily Courier Journal Moulton Advertiser The Redstone Rocket Madison Weekly News American Classifieds Terms of Use Refund Policy Contact Information timesdaily.com 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL 35630 © Copyright 2017 timesdaily.com, 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL | Terms of Use Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman NCJW St. Louis Announces 2017-2019 Executive Team and Board NCJW St. Louis Announces 2017-2019 Executive Team and Board NCJW-St. Louis is excited to announce their 2017-2019 Executive Team and Board. NCJW St. Louis welcomes 5 new members to the Executive Team and 5 new Board Members. The new Executive Team and Board will be installed at their annual Installation and Awards Ceremony on Thursday, May 18, 2017. NCJW has been around since 1895 and its programs and projects help improve the lives of women, children and families. St. Louis, MO, April 29, 2017 –(PR.com)– NCJW-St. Louis is excited to announce their 2017-2019 Executive Team and Board. NCJW St. Louis welcomes 5 new members to the Executive Team and 5 new Board Members. The new Executive Team and Board will be installed at their annual Installation and Awards Ceremony on Thursday, May 18, 2017. 2017 New Executive Team Members Allison Izsak, Treasurer- Allison is Director of Marketing and Communications for St. Luke’s where she oversees all aspects of branding, marketing and communications for the hospital and its services. Allison works closely with the community outreach team to provide innovative wellness programming to the community. Lisa Gubernik, Co-VP Leadership- Lisa has a background in advertising and marketing. She has worked for various advertising agencies working with accounts such as Venture, Walmart and Build-A-Bear. Currently, Lisa plans special events for her husband’s financial advisor business, MG Advisory Group, and she recently launched Periwinkle, a new clothing business selling tween/teen special occasion dresses. Gail Eisenkramer, Co-VP Leadership- Gail worked as a nurse at Jewish, Barnes, St. John’s Mercy and Lutheran Hospitals for over 30 years. Gail has been a member of NCJW for over 25 years and has served on the Executive Team. She has also served on many Boards as a member and officer, including President of St. Louis Hadassah Nurses Council; President of Congregation Shaare Emeth Sisterhood (WRJ); and President of District #20, National Federation of Temple Sisterhoods (WRJ)-a seven state district. Hillary Hinz, VP Marketing-Hillary is a seasoned marketer with more than 20 years of experience in account management, qualitative marketing research and consulting. She had early career success in traditional sales and marketing roles for Kimberly-Clark’s Consumer Products Division, H.J. Heinz and Medtronic. She now consults part-time with several local branding and design firms. She is co-chair of the Anti-Defamation League’s A World of Difference Institute advisory board, Corresponding Secretary of the Old Bonhomme Elementary School PTO and marketing and communications committee member of Commit2Ladue. Susan Katzman, President elect-Since retiring, Susan has been engaged in national consulting work centering around reforming high schools, developing career academies, building education and business collaborations, developing leadership and building strategic plans. Prior to retiring, Susan spent 36 years as Divisional Director for Career & Technical Education for the St. Louis Public Schools. She also serves as past-president of the National Career Academy Coalition board and the St. Louis Community Credit Union board, chairing its Foundation. 2017 New Board Members Erica Holliam- Erica has been an active member of NCJW’s Back to School! Store Committee as a “shoe captain” since 2010. In addition to volunteering with NCJW, Erica has dedicated her professional career to the nonprofit sector. As a grant professional, she has raised money for community development, human services and behavioral health organizations in St. Louis. Sue Lapp- Sue worked in the business world for many years until she “retired” to obtain a master’s degree in Marketing and another degree in Elementary Education. She began working at the Saul Mirowitz Jewish Day School as a classroom teacher and most recently, as the Director of Instruction and Enrollment. Sue has been involved with NCJW for the past 10 years. Sue has served on the board of Nishmah, as well as the board for the B’nai Amoona Early Childhood Center. She was also actively involved for 11 years with the Girl Scouts of Eastern Missouri. Sarah Martin-Sarah currently works for Gateway Government Relations as a consultant representing non-profit interests in the state legislature. Sarah was also just elected Alderwoman of the 11th ward of the City of St. Louis. She served as co-chair of NCJW’s first human trafficking task force and later co-chaired NCJW’s Trafficking Conference in 2015. Sarah recently received the Elissa fRoman Inspring Leadershp Award from National NCJW. Amanda Packman-Amanda is a fifth grade teacher at Koch Elementary in the Riverview Gardens School District where she was just honored as teacher of the year. She is also enrolled at Lindenwood University where she is seeking a master’s degree in Elementary Administration. She also served for five years as a board member of the Young Professionals’ Division of the Jewish Federation of St. Louis and she is active on the board of Congregation Temple Israel. Amanda is also a Back to School! Store co-chair. Marilen Pitler-Marilen is co-chair of the NCJW Trafficking Task Force. Marilen worked for 15 years at Vandover, a firm providing relocation services to corporations and individuals. Prior to her work with Vandover, Marilen helped create dialogue groups between Americans and Israelis and later with Americans and émigrés from the former Soviet Union through St. Louis’ Jewish Community Center. 2017-2019 Executive Team President Susan Witte Secretary Andrea Newstead Treasurer Allison Izsak VP Administration Cynthia Albin VP Advocacy Nancy Litz VP Community Service Melissa Baris VP Development Jill Gubin Co-VP Leadership Gail Eisenkramer Co-VP Leadership Lisa Gubernik VP Marketing Hillary Hinz VP Membership Marissa Rosen State Policy Advocacy Chair Melissa Alper President-elect Susan Katzman Immediate Past-President Darien Arnstein NCJW St. Louis is inspired by Jewish values to advance social and economic justice for all women, children and families. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 3-DAY DEADLINE: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Omega Protein Corporation and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Next PostNext SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Search Recent Posts Belle Vernon, Pennsylvania Wins Title of Kraft Hockeyville™ USA IBM Inventor Lisa Seacat DeLuca To Be Inducted into the Women in Technology Hall of Fame CUPE BC Convention elects new Executive Board for 2017-2019 CANNABIS SCIENCE SENIOR EXECUTIVES ARRIVE AT THE GLOBAL HEALTH CATALYST SUMMIT AT HARVARD MEDICAL SCHOOL It’s Time to Unstack the Deck for working people in Alberta Proudly powered by WordPress
Man Wanted for Homicide in Ontario Suspected to be in Erie Area - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS Earth Day Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS Earth Day The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Earth Day Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It Earth Day The Insider Text Alerts National Car and Truck Care Month Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Man Wanted for Homicide in Ontario Suspected to be in Erie Area Posted: Friday, April 28, 2017 11:28 PM EDT Updated: Saturday, April 29, 2017 12:56 PM EDT By Brianna Carle Email Connect bcarle@wicu12.com HARBORCREEK, Pa. - Pennsylvania State Police are looking for homicide suspect Ager Mohin Hasan.  Hasan, 24, is from Waterloo, Ontario Canada. Someone matching his description was seen removing a Pennsylvania license plate from a vehicle outside of the Harborcreek Wal-Mart on 5741 Buffalo Rd, just before 10:30 a.m. Friday. The license plate is PA registration EZV1654 and has an FOP/Police Medallion on it. According to a police report, the suspect attached the stolen plate to a black Honda HRV and left. The Honda HRV may also have an Ontario license plate BPKT509. State Police urge anyone with information on this suspect to call 911 or the Pennsylvania State Police at 814-898-1641. Current Conditions 7-Day Forecast ---> Radar Satellite Temps Cameras Closings Get our FREE weather app: Apple | Android | Fire Upload your own image or video Loading... Tweets by @WICU12 Search Yellow Pages: Popular Searches Apartments in Erie Attorneys in Erie Auto Dealers in Erie Auto Parts in Erie Auto Repair in Erie Beauty Salons in Erie Car Rental in Erie Dentists in Erie Doctors in Erie Flowers in Erie Hotels in Erie Insurance in Erie Loans in Erie Mortgages in Erie Movers in Erie Pizza in Erie Realtors in Erie Restaurants in Erie Storage in Erie Tax Preparation in Erie Travel in Erie Featured More... Powered by Local Corporation Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> Man Wanted for Homicide in Ontario Suspected to be in Erie Area Man Wanted for Homicide in Ontario Suspected to be in Erie Area Updated: Saturday, April 29 2017 12:56 PM EDT2017-04-29 16:56:49 GMT The Pennsylvania State Police are looking for homicide suspect, Ager Mohin Hasan, 24.  More >> The Pennsylvania State Police are looking for homicide suspect, Ager Mohin Hasan, 24.  More >> James McDaniel Pleads Guilty to First-Degree Murder, Sentenced to Life in Prison James McDaniel Pleads Guilty to First-Degree Murder, Sentenced to Life in Prison Updated: Saturday, April 29 2017 9:36 PM EDT2017-04-30 01:36:09 GMT James McDaniel Investigators say McDaniel shot Mattson at close range in the crawl space of McDaniel's home on Abraham Hollow Road More >> Investigators say McDaniel shot Mattson at close range in the crawl space of McDaniel's home on Abraham Hollow RoadMore >> Two Car Crash Takes Out Fire Hydrant in West Erie Two Car Crash Takes Out Fire Hydrant in West Erie Updated: Saturday, April 29 2017 11:09 PM EDT2017-04-30 03:09:04 GMT It happened just after 12:30 p.m. at West 26th and Cascade.More >> It happened just after 12:30 p.m. at West 26th and Cascade.More >> Tad Cummins told wife he slept with teen, she says Tad Cummins told wife he slept with teen, she says The wife of the former Tennessee teacher accused of running off with a 15-year-old student says she knew the answer but asked anyway.More >> The wife of the former Tennessee teacher accused of running off with a 15-year-old student says she knew the answer but asked anyway.More >> Driver Will Not Face Criminal Charges in February Accident that Killed 11-Year-Old Boy Driver Will Not Face Criminal Charges in February Accident that Killed 11-Year-Old Boy Updated: Friday, April 28 2017 4:50 PM EDT2017-04-28 20:50:29 GMT Hunter Rodland, 18, will instead be charged with four summary offenses, including driving too fast for conditions, careless driving causing unintentional death, driving on roadways laned for traffic and overtaking a school bus.More >> Hunter Rodland, 18, will instead be charged with four summary offenses, including driving too fast for conditions, careless driving causing unintentional death, driving on roadways laned for traffic and overtaking a school bus.More >> Cops: Teacher told a girl to kill herself and forced other kids to bully her Cops: Teacher told a girl to kill herself and forced other kids to bully her The 11-year-old girl was relentlessly bullied. And the culprit, police say, were her teachers.More >> The 11-year-old girl was relentlessly bullied. And the culprit, police say, were her teachers.More >> Erie School District Creates Interactive Boundary Map Erie School District Creates Interactive Boundary Map Updated: Friday, April 28 2017 6:55 PM EDT2017-04-28 22:55:04 GMT Erie School District students can now find out which school they are attending in 2017-2018. In order to prepare families for the reconfiguration of the district, district administrators have posted a new interactive map on their website.More >> Erie School District students can now find out which school they are attending in 2017-2018. In order to prepare families for the reconfiguration of the district, district administrators have posted a new interactive map on their website.More >> Mutual UFO Network Hosts Daylong Conference Mutual UFO Network Hosts Daylong Conference Updated: Sunday, April 30 2017 12:22 AM EDT2017-04-30 04:22:47 GMT Organizers say Pennsylvania leads the nation in UFO sightings.More >> Organizers say Pennsylvania leads the nation in UFO sightings.More >> 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Politics Entertainment World U.S. Tech Arts + Culture Drink + Food Style Photo Illustration by Sarah Rogers/The Daily Beast THANKS A GIGATON The Hero of the People’s Climate March: Wal-Mart? While the U.S. government fiddles as the planet burns, the nation’s retail giant is stepping up. Jay Michaelson 04.29.17 4:03 AM ET This week, an estimated 100,000 people will take part in the People’s Climate March, a national effort to somehow, someway persuade the U.S. government to take action on the most pressing environmental crisis of our time. But after the march, they should head to Wal-Mart. Why? Because contrary to popular perception, the retail behemoth—the largest employer in 19 states, with $482 billion in annual revenue—is leading the way on corporate climate action. Last week, it announced a commitment to eliminate a gigaton—that’s 1 billion tons—of greenhouse-gas emissions from its supply chain. Yup, Wal-Mart. “There’s good news here,” said Elizabeth Sturcken, managing director of the EDF+Business program at the Environmental Defense Fund, in an interview with The Daily Beast. Wal-Mart’s proposed cut is more than the annual greenhouse-gas emissions of Germany, Sturcken noted. Corporate environmentalism is not new, and the EDF in particular has a long history of working with companies to lessen their environmental footprint. Famously or infamously, depending on your point of view, it partnered with McDonald’s in 1990 to eliminate its wasteful “clamshell” packaging and replace it with environmentally friendly alternatives. Of course, to some, the EDF’s work with McDonald’s and Wal-Mart is a form of “greenwashing,” which is when companies merely rearrange the deck chairs on their environmental Titanic, and then get a PR boost. Indeed, when EDF announced its Golden Arches work 27 years ago, the then-head of Greenpeace said that if the fast-food giant really wanted to help the environment, it would shut its doors. On the other hand, corporations like Wal-Mart are leading where the U.S. government fears to tread. With the Republican Party in the pocket of the fossil-fuel industry, the federal government is wedded to a head-in-the-ground denial of the universal consensus of climate scientists that the world is getting hotter and that human activities’ emissions of greenhouse gases are the reason why. Thus, while there is some progress on the state and local level, national action, and by extension the international action that requires U.S. participation, is headed in the wrong direction. Of course, multinationals like Wal-Mart also have to comply with other countries’ environmental regulations, but in general, Sturcken said, “Companies aren’t waiting for government action. Companies are driven by data, by science. Truth matters. And the only conclusion you can come to, if your company is looking toward the horizon and you want your business to grow… is to be pro-active on these issues.” Because Wal-Mart is so large, the effects are staggering. According to Sturcken, the retail giant has more than 100,000 global suppliers, and more than 230 million people shop at Wal-Mart every week. “We’ve been working with Wal-Mart for 10 years because of their power to create change,” she said. In 2010, for example, Wal-Mart agreed to cut 20 million metric tons of annual emissions in the products it sells, Sturcken says, by taking thousands of small actions like “selling low-flow shower heads, changing date labeling on food products to be use-by instead of sell-by, selling more efficient light bulbs, and asking food suppliers to optimize fertilizer use.” The goal was exceeded in 2015. That kind of change is possible because of Wal-Mart’s outsize influence on its suppliers. No one business could have such a large impact, but a business that influences thousands of others can. “Companies are saying that the challenges and opportunities go beyond their four walls to consumers they touch and products they sell,” Sturcken said. Get The Beast In Your Inbox! Daily DigestStart and finish your day with the top stories from The Daily Beast. Cheat SheetA speedy, smart summary of all the news you need to know (and nothing you don't). By clicking "Subscribe," you agree to have read the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Subscribe Thank You! You are now subscribed to the Daily Digest and Cheat Sheet. We will not share your email with anyone for any reason The publicity benefit of such steps is obvious, which is why oil companies run pro-environment ads in newspapers and on cable news while fighting climate-change regulations in Washington. But Sturcken said the real business value lies elsewhere. “There is immense business value creation in sustainability,” said Sturcken. “That goes back to our partnership with FedEx in the late 1990s to create next-generation trucks: The company saw that it was smart business to get ahead of these issues and be a leader.” According to Sturcken, this is true even of relatively conservative companies. For example, Smithfield, the pork producer, committed to reduce its GHG emissions 25 percent by 2025. Land O’Lakes has created a business unit focused on sustainability. “These are conservative companies but they’re reality-based and smart,” said Sturcken. “If they’re thinking ahead, they’re thinking of opportunities and seeing customers demand good corporate citizenship.” OK, but really—Wal-Mart? Aren’t they the ones wrecking local retail economies, treating workers poorly, and hiding money in tax havens? Sturcken was insistent. “I would say that Wal-Mart is the leading retail company on sustainability. And the reason why I say that is the scale… They’ve made significant strides. “In terms of volume, they’re the leading organic retailer,” Sturcken said. (Costco claims the same thing.) “The place you see the real impact, is that sustainability is baked into everyday products that consumers who are middle-class can afford… I really do believe they’re not getting enough credit for the change they’re creating here.” As for its own emissions, “Wal-Mart has a GHG-reduction target for their own operations of 18 percent by 2025. They’re working on factory energy efficiency with Chinese factories… They’re far from sustainable, but let’s praise leadership and not knock down companies because they’re not perfect yet.” Sturcken emphasized that “EDF does not take money from any of our corporate partners… It’s risky for us to partner with a company and risky for them to partner with us, and it’s better for us to maintain independence and credibility by not taking money.” I asked Sturcken if she had any advice for the people marching this weekend. Her response was surprising. “Making your individual voice heard does make a difference,” she said. “Not just signing a petition but picking up the phone and placing a call to the CEO of a company that needs to step up will make a huge difference. If everyone from the Climate March did something like that, it would be extremely powerful. Those kinds of things get through the noise to resonate with companies’ boards and executives.” Of course, such actions will still not be enough. “The planetary imperative is that we need change faster and at scale,” Sturcken said. “You still need policy change. Voluntary corporate action is leading the way right now in this time when the government is going backward, but it’s not enough. We absolutely need policy to deal with issues that are global like climate change. There’s no other way.” READ THIS LIST 1 Wal-Mart: Climate Hero? Jay Michaelson About Advertise Contact Jobs Help Privacy Code of Ethics & Standards Terms & Conditions Copyright & Trademark © 2017 The Daily Beast Company LLC
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 73° Full Menu 73° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us Photo from HCPD Twitter page Crime April 27, 2017 10:39 AM Have you seen this man? Police say he’s wanted in connection with shoplifting By Elizabeth Townsend etownsend@thesunnews.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Horry County police are searching for a man in connection with recent shoplifting incidents at a Carolina Forest-area Wal-Mart. Police announced on their Twitter page Thursday morning they’re trying to identify a man, whose image was captured on store surveillance, in connection with shoplifting. Do you know this SHOPLIFTER? If so, call at 843.915.8477 #RT @wmbfbreaking @WBTWNews13 @wpdeabc15 pic.twitter.com/cgzm7Wy8lw— Horry County PD (@horrycountypd) April 27, 2017 Do you know this SHOPLIFTER? If so, call at 843.915.8477 #RT @wmbfbreaking @WBTWNews13 @wpdeabc15 pic.twitter.com/cgzm7Wy8lw— Horry County PD (@horrycountypd) April 27, 2017 Officers were called to the store on Middle Ridge Avenue Sunday in reference to a shoplifting. A loss prevention employee told police he had just pulled into the store parking lot when he noticed a white Jaguar that was used in a shoplifting incident earlier that week, the report says. The employee said he then saw the suspect pushing a cart of unbagged items. The employee confronted the suspect, who abandoned the cart and ran through the parking lot. Anyone with information is asked to call the Horry County tip line at 843-915-8477. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 10 days ago Shooting Suspect Detained on Hawthorne Lane 0:31 10 days ago Shooting Suspect Detained on Hawthorne Lane 0:24 10 days ago Police detain one after Myrtle Beach shooting 1:58 3 months ago Mother takes pity on son's killer: 'Everybody deserves a second chance' View More Video Crime Horry County fire, police investigate possible arson Federal grand jury indicts Loris man on weapon, drug trafficking charges Man’s reported attempt to rob Dollar General foiled by reluctant clerk Student cited for showing explicit video to classmates Authorities capture suspect after three-hour standoff in Murrells Inlet Crime Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Man Wanted for Homicide in Ontario Suspected to be in Erie Area - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS Earth Day Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS Earth Day The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Earth Day Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It Earth Day The Insider Text Alerts National Car and Truck Care Month Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Man Wanted for Homicide in Ontario Suspected to be in Erie Area Posted: Friday, April 28, 2017 11:28 PM EDT Updated: Saturday, April 29, 2017 12:56 PM EDT By Brianna Carle Email Connect bcarle@wicu12.com HARBORCREEK, Pa. - Pennsylvania State Police are looking for homicide suspect Ager Mohin Hasan.  Hasan, 24, is from Waterloo, Ontario Canada. Someone matching his description was seen removing a Pennsylvania license plate from a vehicle outside of the Harborcreek Wal-Mart on 5741 Buffalo Rd, just before 10:30 a.m. Friday. The license plate is PA registration EZV1654 and has an FOP/Police Medallion on it. According to a police report, the suspect attached the stolen plate to a black Honda HRV and left. The Honda HRV may also have an Ontario license plate BPKT509. State Police urge anyone with information on this suspect to call 911 or the Pennsylvania State Police at 814-898-1641. Current Conditions 7-Day Forecast ---> Radar Satellite Temps Cameras Closings Get our FREE weather app: Apple | Android | Fire Upload your own image or video Loading... Tweets by @WICU12 Search Yellow Pages: Popular Searches Apartments in Erie Attorneys in Erie Auto Dealers in Erie Auto Parts in Erie Auto Repair in Erie Beauty Salons in Erie Car Rental in Erie Dentists in Erie Doctors in Erie Flowers in Erie Hotels in Erie Insurance in Erie Loans in Erie Mortgages in Erie Movers in Erie Pizza in Erie Realtors in Erie Restaurants in Erie Storage in Erie Tax Preparation in Erie Travel in Erie Featured More... Powered by Local Corporation Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> Man Wanted for Homicide in Ontario Suspected to be in Erie Area Man Wanted for Homicide in Ontario Suspected to be in Erie Area Updated: Saturday, April 29 2017 12:56 PM EDT2017-04-29 16:56:49 GMT The Pennsylvania State Police are looking for homicide suspect, Ager Mohin Hasan, 24.  More >> The Pennsylvania State Police are looking for homicide suspect, Ager Mohin Hasan, 24.  More >> James McDaniel Pleads Guilty to First-Degree Murder, Sentenced to Life in Prison James McDaniel Pleads Guilty to First-Degree Murder, Sentenced to Life in Prison Updated: Saturday, April 29 2017 9:36 PM EDT2017-04-30 01:36:09 GMT James McDaniel Investigators say McDaniel shot Mattson at close range in the crawl space of McDaniel's home on Abraham Hollow Road More >> Investigators say McDaniel shot Mattson at close range in the crawl space of McDaniel's home on Abraham Hollow RoadMore >> Two Car Crash Takes Out Fire Hydrant in West Erie Two Car Crash Takes Out Fire Hydrant in West Erie Updated: Saturday, April 29 2017 11:09 PM EDT2017-04-30 03:09:04 GMT It happened just after 12:30 p.m. at West 26th and Cascade.More >> It happened just after 12:30 p.m. at West 26th and Cascade.More >> Tad Cummins told wife he slept with teen, she says Tad Cummins told wife he slept with teen, she says The wife of the former Tennessee teacher accused of running off with a 15-year-old student says she knew the answer but asked anyway.More >> The wife of the former Tennessee teacher accused of running off with a 15-year-old student says she knew the answer but asked anyway.More >> Driver Will Not Face Criminal Charges in February Accident that Killed 11-Year-Old Boy Driver Will Not Face Criminal Charges in February Accident that Killed 11-Year-Old Boy Updated: Friday, April 28 2017 4:50 PM EDT2017-04-28 20:50:29 GMT Hunter Rodland, 18, will instead be charged with four summary offenses, including driving too fast for conditions, careless driving causing unintentional death, driving on roadways laned for traffic and overtaking a school bus.More >> Hunter Rodland, 18, will instead be charged with four summary offenses, including driving too fast for conditions, careless driving causing unintentional death, driving on roadways laned for traffic and overtaking a school bus.More >> Cops: Teacher told a girl to kill herself and forced other kids to bully her Cops: Teacher told a girl to kill herself and forced other kids to bully her The 11-year-old girl was relentlessly bullied. And the culprit, police say, were her teachers.More >> The 11-year-old girl was relentlessly bullied. And the culprit, police say, were her teachers.More >> Erie School District Creates Interactive Boundary Map Erie School District Creates Interactive Boundary Map Updated: Friday, April 28 2017 6:55 PM EDT2017-04-28 22:55:04 GMT Erie School District students can now find out which school they are attending in 2017-2018. In order to prepare families for the reconfiguration of the district, district administrators have posted a new interactive map on their website.More >> Erie School District students can now find out which school they are attending in 2017-2018. In order to prepare families for the reconfiguration of the district, district administrators have posted a new interactive map on their website.More >> Mutual UFO Network Hosts Daylong Conference Mutual UFO Network Hosts Daylong Conference Updated: Sunday, April 30 2017 12:22 AM EDT2017-04-30 04:22:47 GMT Organizers say Pennsylvania leads the nation in UFO sightings.More >> Organizers say Pennsylvania leads the nation in UFO sightings.More >> 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
GoSearch News 3 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WTKR.com Menu News Good News Health Taking Action Sports Coast Live Contests Team 3 Events WGNT Traffic Weather 76° 76° Low 70° High 91° Sun 68° 87° Mon 63° 85° Tue 55° 76° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Click here for details on how to purchase a $100 raffle ticket for the 2017 St. Jude Dream Home Citizens help Portsmouth Police arrest suspect assaulting officer Posted 8:21 pm, April 28, 2017, by Web Staff Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Clinton T. Pickens PORTSMOUTH, Va. – A man was arrested by police Thursday night with the help of some citizens. On Thursday around 8:15 p.m. an officer working part-time at the Wal-Mart located at 1098 Frederick Boulevard recognized someone who matched the description of a suspect being sought for a series of burglaries to closed businesses in Portsmouth. As the officer was speaking with the suspect, another officer arrived on scene and the told the suspect he was under arrest. As police tried to take the suspect into custody, the subject began to struggle, falling to the ground on top of one of the officers. The suspect then struck the officer several times in the face before two citizens assisted the other officer with taking the suspect into custody. Police said officer who was assaulted sustained minor injuries. After the suspect was placed into custody, the citizens who assisted the officers left the scene. Officers said they would like for the two citizens who assisted them to please reach out to the Portsmouth Police Department Public Information Officer at (757) 718-9031. The suspect who assaulted the officer has been identified as 32-year-old Clinton T. Pickens of Portsmouth, police said. Pickens has been charged with Possession with the intent to distribute imitation narcotics, assaulting a police officer, resisting arrest, and disorderly conduct. Additional charges are pending against Pickens in reference to several burglaries investigators believe he is suspected of committing. Pickens is currently in the custody of the Portsmouth Sheriff’s Office. Filed in: News Topics: portsmouth Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email The News 3 App Center Get the latest news and live radar on your phone! Popular ‘The Rock’ meets his biggest fan in Virginia Inmate suspected of killing Sergeant at Bertie Correctional Institution Can you see the venomous snake in this photo? Virginia Living Museum catfish catches pacifier dropped by child in tank Latest News Tiny Military Working Dog patrols world’s largest Navy base for drugs Four people injured in shooting at Virginia Beach Oceanfront Sunday’s First Warning Forecast: Sunny with highs in the 80s Dissecting the Draft: Redskins reload defense with six selections News One person in custody after police pursuit comes to a halt on Frederick Boulevard News Wanted man arrested after police pursuit ends in Isle of Wight News Suspect in Orlando cop killing hurt; police chief says he resisted arrest News Orlando: Manhunt for suspected cop killer expands; reward now $100,000 News Three juveniles arrested in connection to Portsmouth carjacking News Arrest made, additional suspect wanted in Hampton shooting News Suspect charged with Attempted Capital Murder after Isle of Wight pursuit that injured officer News Politics Intruder breaches White House grounds, arrested near residence entrance News Crime Prevention Awards honor citizens, police in Norfolk News Paris gunman who killed police officer known to security forces, source says News Trooper shot in ‘ambush’ on Arizona highway; passerby fatally shoots suspect News Police: Parolee who killed California officer linked to other shooting News UK police foil second London terror plot in a day Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App WTKR Weather Android App WTKR Weather iPhone App Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 720 Boush Street, Norfolk, VA 23510 • Copyright © 2017, WTKR • A Dreamcatcher station operated by Tribune Broadcasting • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
Home News Latest News WWE News Impact Wrestling Interviews Today In History Send News Events Videos TV Photos Profiles Podcasts Payback Send News Contact Us Alberto Del Rio Responds To Paige's Father, Kenny Omega And Young Bucks - Hot Topic, John Morrison By Raj Giri | April 28, 2017 - Boone: The Bounty Hunter, which stars John Morrison, is set for a VOD debut in North America on May 9th ahead of an exclusive DVD release in Walmart on June 6th 2017, courtesy of Vision Films. The movie also stars Osric Chau ("Supernatural," "Halo 4: Forward Unto Dawn"), Quinton "Rampage" Jackson ("The A-Team"), Spencer Grammer ("Rick and Morty," "Greek"), Kevin Sorbo ("Gods Not Dead") and Lorenzo Lamas ("American Dad"). The movie follows Boone (Morrison), a fame-seeking reality show bounty hunter, and his crew, Kat (Spencer Grammer), Denny (Osric Chau) and Jackson (Quinton Jackson) as they 'Boone' delinquent celebrities such as Kevin Sorbo. When Boone gets the news that his TV show is being cancelled he attempts to spike ratings and save his show by taking his crew to Mexico to arrest a real criminal. Things get complicated in Mexico after Boone's crew gets arrested and Boone is faced with a decision between ambition and justice. Boone: The Bounty Hunter was created by John Hennigan and written by John Hennigan, Josh Burnell, Franco Movsesian, and Jonathan Perkins. It was directed by Robert Kirbyson and produced by Hoplite Entertainment and Killon Street. You can check out the trailer in the video above. - The Young Bucks and Kenny Omega made a deal with Hop Topic and their merchandise will be available there starting in July. - Alberto El Patron and Paige's father, Ricky Knight, will be facing off at next month's WAW event in Norwich on May 13th. They had an interesting exchange on Twitter to promote the match, as seen below: @NorwichAntony @PrideOfMexico @WAW_UK He could not beat an egg buddy— Ricky Knight (@RickyKnightWAW) April 28, 2017 I don't need to beat my eggs. Your daughter does it for me. #sisisi @RickyKnightWAW https://t.co/BTC2eWJJCt— Alberto El Patron (@PrideOfMexico) April 28, 2017 @PrideOfMexico You will need everything done for you when I finish with you come may pal— Ricky Knight (@RickyKnightWAW) April 28, 2017 I'm being nice and sending you a care package for Sunday 14th may @PrideOfMexico you will need it after the match on Saturday 13th may pic.twitter.com/MmXfCQixwT— Ricky Knight (@RickyKnightWAW) April 28, 2017 Follow Raj Giri on Twitter at @RajGiri_303. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here. Related Articles Alberto El Patron Takes More Shots At The WWE (Photos) Alberto El Patron Talks JBL, Says "He Was Always Fantastic To Me" Paige Tweets Alberto Del Rio's Latest Triple H Rant; ADR Calls HHH A "Pu--y" Who "Married Well" Another Total Divas Wedding Revealed?, Paige And Alberto Del Rio Buy A Home, Nikki Bella Shows Ring WWE Still Not Covering Paige And Alberto Del Rio, Simon Gotch Vs. Former Impact Star, RAW Top 10 Previous Article Nikki Bella On John Cena Proposing At WrestleMania, If They Have A Wedding Set, If It Will Air On TV Next Article Alexa Bliss Responds To Reports Of Nude Photos Of Her Being Leaked Online Comments Please see the Comments FAQ and make sure that you agree to our rules before posting. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Recent Headlines The Rock To Help Redesign Disney Ride, Xavier Woods Responds To Be "Drafted" By NFL Team, UUDD Bayley On Which Wrestler Got Her Into Pro Wrestling, Origin Of Her WWE Character, Running The Ropes The Miz On If "Total Bellas BS" Will Return, His Dream Movie Project, Playing A Comic Character Bill Demott Talks His Sad Wrestlemania Moment, His Favorite Part Of WCW, NXT Evolving WWE Legend Announces NFL Draft Pick (Video), Forgotten WWE Stars Gallery, Bianca Blair (Video) Charlotte Flair On Upcoming WWE Women's Tournament, Who She Wants To Face From NXT Pete Dunne Uses Child As A Weapon During Match (Video), Zack Ryder Comeback Video, WWE Star Turns 40 Chris Jericho News, Former WWE Announcer Pays Tribute To Undertaker, WWE Stars At Red Nose Day Event » WWE Shop: Buy two t-shirts and get one for $1 Most Popular Brock Lesnar's First WWE Universal Title Defense Revealed, Odd Name For New WWE Pay-Per-View Alexa Bliss Responds To Reports Of Nude Photos Of Her Being Leaked Online Darren Young On Which WWE Star Called Him Gay Before He Came Out, His Mom Being Gay, Bob Backlund Cody Rhodes Reveals Creative Idea For Him For WWE Brand Extension, One Person Getting It Nixed Matt Hardy Says "DELETION Is Coming", Offers Some "Broken Brilliance" Alberto Del Rio Responds To Paige's Father, Kenny Omega And Young Bucks - Hot Topic, John Morrison WWE Stars Say Goodbye To Cruiserweight (Photo), Roman Reigns Vs. AJ Styles Full Match, WWE Shop Eric Young On What He Told Triple H When Starting With NXT, Who Came Up With Sanity, His Raspy Voice WWE Payback Live Coverage Tonight Top Photos Sasha Banks Showing Off Her New Eddie Guerrero Jacket Sexy Emma Beach Pic Charlotte Out In Miami With Friends Noelle Foley Working To Be Fit Alexa Bliss Looking Hot While Plotting Against Becky Lynch Tamina Snuka Is Feeling Good This Saturday WRESTLING INC. POLL Email Updates Send News Join Our Staff Contact Us Privacy Policy © 2017 Webcapacity Incorporated. All Rights Reserved Back To Top
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics GM MSFT Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Amazon hits all-time highs Friday, then gives back most of its gains >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) Stock Is Off the Respirator, On the Growth Track Survival is no longer Best Buy's biggest concern as it takes no prisoners in the big-box electronics retail wars By Louis Navellier, Editor, Blue Chip Growth  |  Apr 28, 2017, 12:25 pm EDT     Popular Posts: 7 Tech Stocks That Will Bruise Your Portfolio 7 Healthcare Stocks With A-Rated Prospects 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning Recent Posts: 7 Tech Stocks That Will Bruise Your Portfolio Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) Stock Is Off the Respirator, On the Growth Track Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Stock Is Just Getting Started View All Posts Best Buy Co Inc (NYSE:BBY) looked like a goner about five years ago. Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) was starting to hit its stride and expand its product range, directly eating into the big-box tech retailer’s business and hampering BBY stock. Source: Austin Kirk via Flickr Best Buy was becoming more of an unwitting showroom for the e-commerce giant: Try it at Best Buy, then purchase it on Amazon.com. There were pricing issues, service issues and BBY stores weren’t really keeping up with the fast-changing times. It’s hard enough to compete in the low-margin electronics business on a good day, but when you’re competing against other electronics stores like hhgregg, Inc. (OTCMKTS:HGGGQ) and big box discounters like Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT), Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) and Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ:COST) as well, you’ve got a very tough row to hoe. By 2012, BBY realized it had to do something fast, and it had to be big. This wasn’t the time to fiddle around the edges, it was time to rebuild or die. With new CEO and Chairman Hubert Joly at the helm, BBY launched its Renew Blue campaign in its 1,600 North American stores. The five-point plan is still in place and has not only saved BBY from the fate of HHGGQ, but has put it on a growth path. The initial plan was: Reinvigorate the customer experience. Attract and grow ‘transformational leaders’ and energize employees to deliver extraordinary results. Work with vendors to innovate and drive value. Increase the company’s return on invested capital by growing revenue and efficiency. Making the world a better place through recycling effort and providing teenagers with access to technology. For 2017, Renew Blue’s goals are: Build on Best Buy’s industry position and multichannel capabilities to drive the existing business. Drive cost reductions and efficiencies. Advance key initiatives to drive future growth and differentiation. Looking at its recent numbers, the plan is working. Online sales have grown by double digits in the past two years; employee engagement and retention are increasing every year. What’s more, with the demise of competition like HHGGQ and other department stores, there’s less competition for BBY’s best potential customers. BBY is trading near its 52-week high, up 57% in that time, and it still delivers a 2.6% dividend. It’s a shareholder-friendly company that has some very good days ahead. Louis Navellier is a renowned growth investor. He is the editor of five investing newsletters: Blue Chip Growth, Emerging Growth, Ultimate Growth, Family Trust and Platinum Growth. His most popular service, Blue Chip Growth, has a track record of beating the market 3:1 over the last 14 years. He uses a combination of quantitative and fundamental analysis to identify market-beating stocks. Mr. Navellier has made his proven formula accessible to investors via his free, online stock rating tool, PortfolioGrader.com. Louis Navellier may hold some of the aforementioned securities in one or more of his newsletters. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/best-buy-bby-off-the-respirator-and-on-the-growth-track/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Blue-Chip Stocks Investors Should Kick to the Curb 3 Dow Jones Giants to Evacuate Now 7 Techs That Will Bruise Your Portfolio 3 M&A Deals That Could Happen Soon 3 Transportation Stocks to Buy Before They Take Off Will Amazon Deliver Christmas in April? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Blue-Chip Stocks You Should Kick to the Curb 3 Dow Jones Giants That You Need to Evacuate 7 Tech Stocks That Will Bruise Your Portfolio 3 Transportation Stocks to Buy Before They Take Off 3 M&A Deals That Could Happen in the Next Six Months Most Popular The 10 Best Stocks for the Next 1,361 Days of President Donald Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks You Should Kick to the Curb 7 Tech Stocks That Will Bruise Your Portfolio My 7 Favorite Energy Stocks for the Rest of Trump’s Presidency 10 Dividend Stocks That Will Deliver Double-Digit Returns Every Year 3 Scary Signs for Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Home News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military National Strange News International First 100 Days On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Obituaries Livestreaming Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Super Bowl Tides HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Pop Quiz Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Work for Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com 76° F Clear Hi: 92° F Lo: 70° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog 2 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military National Strange News International First 100 Days On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Obituaries Livestreaming Latest Headlines AP Top Political News at 2:47 a.m. EDT Updated: 5 mins ago At 100 days in, Trump seems both outsider and insider At 100 days in, Trump seems both outsider and insider Updated: 5 mins ago HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP) — President Donald Trump is turning from his dramatic debut as an outsider president to focus on advancing his plans to… Beach police: Person shows up at hospital with stab wound 12:50 am AP Top U.S. News at 2:24 a.m. EDT Updated: 25 mins ago Police: 4 hurt in shooting at Virginia Beach Oceanfront 1:15 am Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Current Conditions 76° F Clear Feels Like: 76° F Wind: SW 12 Humidity: 85% Dewpoint: 71° F Sunrise: 6:12 AM Sunset: 7:52 PM Hampton Roads Weather Forecast Radar Sponsored by: Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Super Bowl Tides Latest Headlines One last time in Portsmouth, Virginia Sports Hall of Fame inducts seven-member 2017 class 1:09 am Seven inductees took their place among the elite athletes, administrators and media members who ever called Virginia home. Zach Pascal signs free-agent deal with Washington Redskins April 29, 2017 One of ODU’s all-time leading receivers will get a shot at NFL football, as will his former teammate Rashaad Coward. Bears to decline 2018 option on CB Kyle Fuller 12:10 am Hemmerich loses no-hit bid on last pitch, Norfolk State splits with Delaware State April 29, 2017 Broncos add a bunch of tough guys in the draft Updated: 8 mins ago HR Show HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Pop Quiz Latest Headlines Live Music Friday: Logan Vath April 28, 2017 By Kyle Bloom We’re excited to have Logan Vath back on The Hampton Roads Show. Audience: 2017 Pungo Wine Festival April 28, 2017 By Alexa Manful Taste wine for a worthy cause by helping foster children in Virginia Beach. In the Kitchen: Eggplant Rolls, Stuffed Mushrooms, Tabbouleh Salad April 28, 2017 By Kerri Furey The Funny Bone: Jeff Dye April 28, 2017 By Kyle Bloom Pet Lovers’ Extravaganza April 27, 2017 By Chris Reckling Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Work for Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com Search for: Search the site 76° F Clear Hi: 92° F Lo: 70° F Man charged with assaulting Portsmouth officer during arrest By Emily Satchell Published: April 28, 2017, 8:03 pm Updated: April 28, 2017, 11:14 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Clinton T. Pickens (Photo: Portsmouth police) PORTSMOUTH, Va. (WAVY) — A man was arrested Thursday for allegedly assaulting an officer while being taken into custody. Around 8:12 p.m., an officer working part-time at the Wal-Mart at 1098 Frederick Boulevard noticed a man who matched the description of a suspect connected to a series of business burglaries. As the officer spoke with the suspect, another officer arrived on the scene. They told the suspect he was under arrest. As the officers tried to take the suspect into custody, the suspect began to struggle and fell to the ground on top of one of the officers. The suspect then hit the officer several times in the face. Two people then came by and helped the officers arrest the suspect. The officer who was assaulted had minor injuries. Police wanted to thank the two good Samaritans who helped them. They are asking the citizens to reach out to the police department’s public information officer at 757-718-9031. The suspect was identified by police as 32-year-old Clinton T. Pickens, of Portsmouth. Pickens has been charged with possession with the intent to distribute imitation narcotics, assaulting a police officer, resisting arrest and disorderly conduct. Police say more charges are pending against him in connection to the burglaries investigators believe he committed. Pickens is currently in the custody of the Portsmouth Sheriff’s Office. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Suspect at large after leading Newport News officers on two foot chases Teen to serve 30 years in 2016 robbery, burglary incidents Drivers pushes officer, flees traffic stop in Newport News Man charged with robbing Williamsburg hotel; second suspect still wanted Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WAVY.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WAVY-TV © 1998-2017 WAVY.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Traffic Sports Experts HR Show More Advertise Advertise with Us Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report WVBT EEO Report Children’s TV Report FCC Public File Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Stay Connected WAVY Weather App WAVY News App Email Alerts Text Alerts ReportIt Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Customer Care Contact Us Staff Directory Circulation Redeliver Paper Vacation Hold Online Access Help Newsroom Corrections News Tip Letters to the Editor You Said It Media Kit Place a Classified Subscribe Login Register 34° F Clear Wind NW at 4 MPH Pressure 1021 MB Dewpoint 18° F Visibility 8 miles Area forecast >     Home Weather Breaking News Columnists Obituaries Magazines Coupons Oil & Gas RSS Contests News Western Colorado Colorado U.S. World Business Blotter Politics Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns You Said It Sports High School CMU GJ Rockies Local Results College Columns Community JUCO Wrestling Outdoors Hiking & Camping Biking Hunting & Fishing Snow Sports Spring Summer Fall Winter Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home & Garden Food Celebrate! Pets Entertainment Music Movies Television Puzzles & Games Festivals and Events Blogs Music on the Goe Birds and More Photos & Video All Photo Galleries All Videos Sandstone to Summit Directories Downtown Grand Junction Local Business Churches Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Cars • Articles/Galleries/Videos • Classifieds • Business Directory Tip: Use quotation marks to search for articles. SHARE You Said It, April 30, 2017 By Staff Saturday, April 29, 2017 The recent article regarding body cams was excellent! It’s concerning, however, that one of Colorado’s poorest counties (Delta) has body cams but other area police and sheriff’s departments (who could afford it if budgets were moved around) couldn’t afford it. These gizmos are very important and much needed. Protect our officers, deputies and citizens. In regards to the Orchard Mesa family pet murders. I can’t believe someone would do such a horrific act. It’s barbaric. The Sheriff’s Office should seriously investigate this, because whoever did this has serious violent tendencies. The chance they are violent with humans as well is a high probability. My heartfelt sympathies to the owner of those two beautiful dogs. So sad.   As a health care provider I am sworn to help the poor, the sick and the needy, but I also know that the two people who brutalized and eventually killed young Bethannie got off lightly. Plea deals for 48 years each, really? These animals needed to be penned up for much longer than that. Once again our “system” has failed a young child. When will they learn that the placement of a child with family is not always the best idea, especially when that family member is living with a non-family member? Our “system” should be ashamed of itself.   It was a good job, Judge Flynn, to give the women who killed little Bethannie 48 years. But it should be life without parole.   As new members of the community we attended the Grand Junction symphony concert on April 23 and were quite impressed with the performance. The Avalon Theatre is a gem for the community, and the symphony a valuable asset.   I am shocked that the city approved the proposed subdivision in the Redlands. The city should buy this as open space for the community as it is frequently utilized and a home for wildlife. As a resident of the Redlands near the proposed subdivision. I live there because it is quiet and I can walk the hills. I do not want to hear trucks and hammering for the next few years, nor do I want to live in “suburbia,” looking at the back of people’s houses. The land is not fit for houses as it floods and the ground is not stable.   Dear City Council, when city planners want a seven-year warranty, an engineer with the Colorado Geographical Survey says a 10-year warranty and you say you “wish you had more evidence of the soil condition at the site” for road construction, the logical thing to do is ask for more testing of the soil at the proposed site, not just give in to the developer. Have you driven down Mariposa lately and seen the “fix” of the road there, or around Redlands Mesa Golf Course to see the cracked, raised sidewalks? My car stalled on 26 and G roads. One young lady pulled over and pushed it out of the way for me. Another young lady asked if she could help, one asked if she could call AAA. I would like to thank them for their help. Also while waiting for AAA, several people asked if I was OK. Thanks to them, my car and I are fine.   How can you better yourself in this world when all you do is sit in the park all day or stand on the street corner with a sign and expect everyone else to help you? Maybe this is the reason the people who are working two jobs and are not asking for handouts resent being put in the same category as you no-doers.   I want to commend the city crews and planners for their outstanding work during the annual Spring Cleanup. Watching their quick, synchronized efforts reminded us of choreography. The workers staffing the trucks, front-loaders and street sweepers were incredibly efficient in ridding our neighborhood (and so many others) of yard waste and refuse of every description. Simply terrific work. Thanks to all for making this happen.   Thank you to City Market on 24 Road for removing those two signs at the entrance of their store. I think we often dwell on the negative and forget to thank those that do the right thing. I can now shop there without worries that the sign might again be blown down on someone. You are a great store and I appreciate you removing the signs.   On Easter Eve, my granddaughter was at Walmart shopping for stuff to make her two little girls Easter baskets. Her card was declined and the manager was trying to figure out why because the money was there. Meanwhile there was a lady waiting right behind her to check out and she offered to pay for all the things she was purchasing. My granddaughter told her that was very nice of her but she didn’t have to do that. This sweet angel insisted and said she has always wanted to do this for someone. Thank you, you sweet angel, for helping my granddaughter out. It will be passed on by more than one person.   One of the rewards of living in the Grand Valley is listening to 106.1 FM KRZX. I tried to turn it off all day today to watch the news channels but it wouldn’t let me loose. Thanks for today and so many before this one.   People in this town seem to think when they merge into traffic, they have the right of way. No, you are supposed to yield and wait for an opening. I had a lot of close calls. Slammed on brakes and honked the horn. And they give me the dirty look and the finger like it was my fault. COMMENTS TOP JOBS Mind Springs Opportunities MindSpringsHealth.org WestSpringsHospital.orgEMPLOYMEN... Surgical Technician Oral Surgery practice hiring a full-time tech to provideexcellent... Delivery Route BUSINESS OPPORTUNITYWould you like to deliver newspapersa... Accounting Technician Iii The Colorado StateUniversity Agricultural Experiment Station is currently Full Time Teller/csr Full Time Teller/CSRposition with benefits including paid time... Accountant Delta-Montrose ElectricAssociation & Elevatecurrent job openi... Search More Jobs GJSENTINEL.COM Sections • Grand Junction News • Grand Junction Weather • Grand Junction Opinion • Grand Junction Sports • Grand Junction Lifestyle • Grand Junction Entertainment • Grand Junction Blogs • Grand Junction Obituaries Contact • Staff directory • Send a news tip • Corrections • Report a broken link • Submit a letter to the Editor • Submit a You Said It • Sign up for Email Updates Marketplace • Grand Junction Classifieds • Find Grand Junction Jobs • Grand Junction Real Estate • Grand Junction Rentals • Grand Junction Cars • Place an ad THE DAILY SENTINEL 734 S. Seventh St. Grand Junction, CO 81501 970-242-5050; M-F 8:00 - 5:00 Editions • Subscribe to print edition • E-edition Advertisers • Advertiser Tearsheet • Information © 2017 Grand Junction Media, Inc. By using this site you agree to the Visitor Agreement and the Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Alabama’s McCombs Vaults to Lead on Day Three of FLW Tour at Beaver Lake presented by General Tire Six-Year Tour Veteran Seeks First Career Win, Brings 2-pound, 5-ounce Lead into Final Day /EIN News/ — ROGERS, Ark., April 29, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — The weather was the big story Saturday at the FLW Tour event at Beaver Lake presented by General Tire. After a rainy week that had seen water levels rise more than 8 feet, Mother Nature continued to challenge the FLW Tour pros with another round of heavy storms and flash flooding that forced many of the final 20 Tour pros to seek shelter during the competition day.   After starting the day in 11th place, pro Johnny McCombs of Morris, Alabama, battled through the storms and brought a five-bass limit to the scale weighing 18 pounds, 15 ounces – the heaviest limit of the tournament and seventh largest at Beaver Lake in FLW Tour history – to vault to the top of the leaderboard. The four-day competition, hosted by Visit Rogers, featured a field of 161 of the world’s best bass-fishing professionals casting for a top award of up to $125,000. “I think the weather affected the fishermen more than the fish,” said McCombs, a three-time Forrest Wood Cup qualifier. “I fished all new water today and had my weight by 8:30 a.m. It wasn’t one spot – it was one here, one there. I caught them all on one bait.” With one day of competition remaining, McCombs was not yet ready to divulge the specifics of his bait. “The water is flooded into the bushes, and I’m just fishing down the bank line,” McCombs said. “I’m on a pattern and I know what to look for. If I pull into a place and it doesn’t look right, I’m out of there and on to the next one. “I actually stopped fishing a few hours early today because of the storms,” McCombs continued. “I’m excited to get back out there tomorrow and hopefully I can get the right bites that I need to win this thing.” The top 10 advancing to the final day of competition Sunday on Beaver Lake are:               1st:          Johnny McCombs, Morris, Ala., 15 bass, 41-13               2nd:         Jason Reyes, Huffman, Texas, 15 bass, 39-8               3rd:         Cody Meyer, Auburn, Calif., 15 bass, 35-6               4th:         Mud Hole Custom Tackle pro John Cox, DeBary, Fla., 14 bass, 35-3               5th:         Brandon McMillan, Clewiston, Fla., 15 bass, 34-5               6th:         Quaker State pro Scott Canterbury, Odenville, Ala., 15 bass, 33-4               7th:         Bryan Thrift, Shelby, N.C., 15 bass, 33-2               8th:         Keith Bryan, Novato, Calif., 15 bass, 32-6               9th:         Dean Alexander, Georgetown, Texas, 15 bass, 32-1               10th:       Christopher Brasher, Longview, Texas, 15 bass, 32-0 Finishing in 11th through 20th are:               11th:       Randy Blaukat, Joplin, Mo., 14 bass, 30-8, $12,000               12th:       Drew Montgomery, Maiden, N.C., 15 bass, 30-8, $12,000               13th:       Joseph Webster, Fulton, Miss., 15 bass, 30-6, $12,000               14th:       Bradley Dortch, Atmore, Ala., 15 bass, 29-8, $12,000               15th:       Nick Gainey, Charleston, S.C., 13 bass, 29-6, $12,000               16th:       Daniel Kweekul, Bryant, Ark., 12 bass, 29-2, $12,000               17th:       Tim Frederick, Leesburg, Fla., 13 bass, 28-12, $12,000               18th:       Matt Stefan, Junction City, Wis., 14 bass, 28-11, $12,000               19th:       Scott Ashmore, Broken Arrow, Okla., 11 bass, 28-3, $12,000               20th:       Jeff Dobson, Bartlesville, Okla., 15 bass, 26-15, $12,000 For a full list of results visit FLWFishing.com. Overall there were 90 bass weighing 172 pounds even caught by pros Saturday. Fourteen of the final 20 pros weighed in five-bass limits. Charley Slaton of Valliant, Oklahoma, won the co-angler division and $20,000 Friday with a two-day total of nine bass weighing 17 pounds, 15 ounces, followed by Billy Messer of Spartanburg, South Carolina, who finished in second place with 10 bass weighing 17 pounds, 14 ounces, worth $7,550. In FLW Tour competition, pros and co-anglers are randomly paired each day, with pros supplying the boat, controlling boat movement and competing against other pros. Co-anglers fish from the back deck against other co-anglers. The full field of 322 anglers competed Thursday and Friday. Co-angler competition concluded following Friday’s weigh-in, while the top 20 pros based on their two-day accumulated weight advance to Saturday. Only the top 10 pros continue competition Sunday, with the winner determined by the heaviest accumulated weight from the four days of competition. Throughout the season, anglers are also vying for valuable points in hopes of qualifying for the 2017 Forrest Wood Cup, the world championship of professional bass fishing. The 2017 Forrest Wood Cup will be on Lake Murray in Columbia, South Carolina, Aug. 11-13. The final 10 anglers will take off from the Prairie Creek Park Boat Ramp located at 9300 N. Park Road in Rogers at 6:30 a.m. Sunday. Sunday’s final weigh-in, originally scheduled to be held at Walmart in Rogers, has been moved lakeside to Prairie Creek Park due to inclement weather being forecast for the weekend. The final weigh-in will begin at 4 p.m. Prior to the weigh-in Sunday, FLW will host a free Fishing Expo at Prairie Creek Park from noon to 4 p.m. The Expo is a chance for fishing fans to meet their favorite anglers, enjoy interactive games, activities and giveaways provided by FLW sponsors, and learn more about the sport of fishing and other outdoor activities. Television coverage of the FLW Tour at Beaver Lake presented by General Tire will premiere in high-definition (HD) on NBC Sports Network (NBCSN) June 18 from 6 a.m.-7 a.m. EDT. The Emmy-nominated „FLW” television show airs on NBCSN, the Pursuit Channel and the World Fishing Network and is broadcast to more than 564 million households worldwide, making it the most widely distributed weekly outdoors-sports television show in the world. The FLW Tour has visited Beaver Lake 18 times previously, with 2017 marking the 19th visit in FLW’s 22-year history. The total purse for the FLW Tour at the Beaver Lake presented by General Tire is more than $800,000, including $10,000 through 50th place in the Pro Division. The tournament is hosted by Visit Rogers. For complete details and updated information visit FLWFishing.com. For regular updates, photos, tournament news and more, follow us on Facebook at Facebook.com/FLWFishing and on Twitter at Twitter.com/FLWFishing. About FLW FLW is the world’s largest tournament-fishing organization, providing anglers of all skill levels the opportunity to compete for millions in prize money in 2017 across five tournament circuits. Headquartered in Benton, Kentucky, with offices in Minneapolis, FLW conducts more than 274 bass-fishing tournaments annually across the United States and sanctions tournaments in Canada, China, Mexico, South Africa and South Korea. FLW tournament fishing can be seen on the Emmy-nominated “FLW” television show, broadcast to more than 564 million households worldwide, while FLW Bass Fishing magazine delivers cutting-edge tips from top pros. For more information visit FLWFishing.com and follow FLW at Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube and Snapchat. # # # Attachments: A photo accompanying this announcement is available at http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/388efb81-decc-4f29-8f6b-fe4e9f230a36 Attachments: A photo accompanying this announcement is available at http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/c61925de-97e9-40e3-acdc-c5fea29f9549 
Joseph Opager
                    Fishing League Worldwide (FLW)
                    (218)-434-0748
                    joseph.opager@flwfishing.com
                    
 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bouhanni victorious on stage two of Tour de Yorkshire Next PostNext Takeda meldet beschleunigte Zulassung von ALUNBRIGTM (Brigatinib) Search Recent Posts Herat women discuss ways to tackle workplace harassment Dr. Amy Brodsky’s Pediatric Sun Protection Foundation Assists in Safe Sun Legislations Ahead of National Melanoma Month Grandview High School Student Wins Southeast Jack Buck Scholar-Leadership Award Tennis Teams Fall to William Woods in Tournament Finals Track and Field Competes at Zack Kindler Wildcat Open Proudly powered by WordPress
Sunday, April 30th, 2017 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Sticky: The Vindicator seeks info on your upcoming s... Sticky: MOM'S THE WORD | Mother's Day Contest Penguins thrash Capitals 11:25 p.m. Sat Pirates shut out Marlins 10:13 p.m. Sat Indians overcome rocky start 10:11 p.m. Sat Legendary coach Lou Holtz shares life strugg... 9:13 p.m. Sat Drivers beware: OVI checkpoint set for tonig... 8:25 p.m. Sat all posts   - Advertisement -   « News Home Police seeking charges, say bounty hunters shot two men | Print Tweet Published: Sun, April 30, 2017 @ 12:00 a.m. Associated Press NASHVILLE, Tenn. Police in Tennessee say they are asking a grand jury to bring charges because investigators believe bounty hunters shot two men in a wild incident last weekend in which one of the men was fatally wounded. Clarksville Police spokesman Jim Knoll said authorities will ask a county grand jury Monday to bring charges after the shooting last weekend in which he says neither man shot was the person whom bounty hunters were trying to serve with a warrant Authorities have declined to divulge many details about the shooting before the case heads to the grand jury. The man who died has been identified as 24-year-old Jalen Johnson, a father of three from Clarksville. His uncle said the victim was an innocent man gunned down in a case of mistaken identity. “Absolutely, they were out of control,” Johnson’s uncle, Toni Jenkins, said of the bounty hunters. “The objective of a bounty hunter is to identify a suspect and serve them with a warrant and bring them to jail, but that’s not what happened.” Knoll said the bounty hunters confronted four men in a car parked at a Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market in Clarksville just after midnight April 23. Shots were fired, and bounty hunters then chased the men for nearly seven miles, according to Knoll. He added that no one in the car had any outstanding warrant. The police spokesman wouldn’t say how many bounty hunters were involved, when the shots were fired and what exactly transpired in the parking lot. It’s not clear why the bounty hunters confronted the men in the vehicle. Other stories of interest End of the Dawn? Attendees at Men's Rally in Valley urged to get closer to God, their families 11th annual book festival promotes reading in children Seminar increases awareness on infant mortality Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2017 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Destiny 2 Pre-Orders: Which Edition Should You Buy? Travis Pope03/30/2017 The gaming community may have collectively known that the Destiny 2 release was on its way, but that doesn’t mean that knowledge stripped away the excitement. Bungie and Activision recently released the first trailer and kicked off the run-up to the Destiny 2 release with Destiny 2 pre-orders. At this moment you can purchase a physical or digital copy of the title that will almost certainly end up on lists of must-buy games by the year’s end. Destiny 2 is the follow-up to the much-loved and highly anticipated Destiny online role-playing game that made its debut back in 2014. The first game went on to sell millions of copies and still tops activity charts on Xbox Live and PlayStation Network. Destiny 2 pre-orders have arrived ahead of the game’s 2017 launch. Destiny 2 pre-orders are important because lead developer Bungie and publisher Activision are requiring them to get an early look at the game. Additionally, there are figurines and trinkets that’ll go on sale when the game does. Either gamer lovers place Destiny 2 pre-orders now or risk missing out on the cool things that these enhanced versions offer. Read: Destiny 2 Release Date, Features & Details Here are the details you need to navigate the maze that is Destiny 2 pre-orders. Destiny 2 Release Date & Platforms The Different Editions of Destiny 2 Destiny 2 Pre-Order Extras Destiny 2 Beta Early Access Destiny 2 Exclusive Content How You Can Save on Destiny 2 Now Destiny 2 Pre-Orders: Release Date & Platforms Destiny 2 pre-orders launched on March 30th, and they will be available until the night the game launches. It turns out that a leaked poster from GameStop Italy did have launch details correct. The Destiny 2 release date is Friday, September 8th, 2017 worldwide. New video games usually arrive on Tuesday in North America and Friday internationally. That’s not the case with Destiny 2. Everyone will get the online role-playing game at the same time. And by everyone, Activision and Bungie mean everyone. The two shocked people when they revealed they would need an Xbox One, Xbox 360, PS4 or PS3 to enjoy the original title. It never came to PC. Destiny 2 is coming to PCs running Windows, addressing complaints and opening up the franchise to another huge community. There’s also some bad news, though. The Xbox 360 and PS3 won’t get versions of the game at all. Instead, gamers will need to upgrade to the Xbox One and PS4 for access. It’s not a shocking development, many other developers and publishers have moved on too. Destiny 2 Pre-Orders: The Different Editions A sequel as anticipated as Destiny 2 is bound to have lots of options. Budget-minded gamers are going to go for the cheapest edition they can, but anyone that enjoyed the first title will find themselves tempted by the extensive list of Destiny 2 pre-orders options available. Destiny 2 Standard Edition Destiny 2 Standard Edition gets users just a copy of the game, whether it be in disc or digital form. Like all standard games, it costs $59.99. It’s available at GameStop and Best Buy. Destiny 2 Digital Deluxe Edition The Destiny 2 digital Deluxe edition gets gamers access to both of the expansion packs that’ll launch for the game after release. Bungie is promising “new story missions, cooperative activities, competitive multiplayer, and a wealth of new weapons, armor and gear.” Buyers of this version get three extras besides the game and pass, a Legendary Sword, Legendary Player Emote and the Cabal Themed Emblem. Destiny 2 Digital Deluxe is only available for Xbox One and PS4. It costs $99.99. It’s available in the Xbox Store and PlayStation Store. Destiny 2 Limited Edition Destiny 2 Limited Edition comes with the base game, pass, Legendary Sword, Legendary Player Emote and Cabal Empire Themed Emblem. A booklet with Cabal Empire secrets, a Cabal Schematic, Postcard images and Cabal Military Pawns are included. The game comes inside a Steelbook case. Of all the retailers offering Destiny 2 pre-orders, only GameStop will sell this version. PC, Xbox One and PS4 gamers can buy this for $99.99 today. Destiny 2 Collector’s Edition Destiny 2 Collectors Edition is the reason placing Destiny 2 pre-orders is a very good idea. It offers a ton of things. There are Xbox One, PS4 and Windows PC versions. Gamers get everything from the other versions. That includes the Limited Edition Steelbook case with schematic, booklet of secrets, and postcard images. The base game and expansion pass are included too. What other users don’t get is a customizable laptop bag that’s capable of holding a 15-inch device. They also don’t get the USB charger with built-in light, paracord or solar blanket. All of this doesn’t come cheap. Amazon, Best Buy, GameStop, Target and Toys R Us and Wal-Mart have pre-orders for $249.99. Destiny 2 Game + Expansion Xbox Store, GameStop and the PlayStation Store all have Destiny 2 + Expansion Pass. Best Buy and Amazon will too. However, their pre-order pages aren’t ready yet. This version costs $89.99. Destiny 2 Pre-Orders: Pre-Order Extras So far, a single retailer has stepped forward to announce exclusive extras that come with Destiny 2 pre-orders. That retailer is GameStop. It’ll give away a miniature Cade 6 figure to those that pre-order the game while supplies last. Cade-6 is featured heavily in the game’s trailers. As we get closer to launch, more add-on content for those that buy from a specific retailer could turn up. Destiny 2 Pre-Orders: Beta Early Access Being a heavily connected game, everyone assumed that there’d be a Destiny 2 Beta. There is a Destiny 2 Beta. Gamers will need to have placed Destiny 2 pre-orders to take advantage of it as soon as it is available. Those that pre-ordered the game will get access before anyone else, but Bungie also says that it will roll out an open beta after buyers have had access. Destiny 2 PS4 Exclusive Content Bungie is promising a story-driven narrative and a lot more with Destiny 2. One thing that’s staying the same is the game’s commitment to PS4. Gamers will get access to content on the PS4 version of the game first, a trailer posted to the PlayStation Blog reveals. More details about this content will be revealed over the summer, but Xbox owners won’t get their hands on this stuff until the fall of 2018 at the earliest. Destiny 2 Pre-Orders: How You Can Save Now Those that place their Destiny 2 pre-orders on their Amazon Prime account save 20%. You can save on Destiny 2 pre-orders today, provided you’re a member of Best Buy Gamers Club Unlocked or Amazon Prime. Both companies are offering 20% off the cost of any version of the game. That’s everything that we know about Destiny 2 pre-orders now. Bungie and Activision plan to show off gameplay on May 18th. That’s just before the Electronic Entertainment Expo gaming showcase in June. Activision typically makes big announcements about its yearly gaming line-up around the same time as the show is happening in Los Angeles, California. 7 Best Free Xbox Games Warframe   1 / 7  Many free-to-play games revolve around strategy or civilization building. Warframe is one of the free Xbox games that you can download now that doesn’t. It’s a third-person shooter. The Tenno have just awoken after centuries of sleeping in stasis. Warframe takes its name from the suits that the Tenno use to do battle with the game’s other races. There’s the Greiner, who are clones of humans. The Corpus are a technology company with lots of robotic innovation at their disposal. Sentients consist of an alien race that’s back to do battle. Warframe features both player-vs-player combat and a single player experience. [ Download Warframe from the Xbox Store ]   1 / 7 One Response 04/29/2017 John Smoth Reply I am an Amazon prime member and they do NOT offer this game at a 20% discount. Where are you seeing this? Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. APP Frontpage   |  Subscribe   |  ADVERTISE WITH US Follow Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations WND EXCLUSIVE Will Christians miss Jesus 2nd coming? 'You know, a lot of people missed the first time He came' Published: 7 hours ago Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print When the Jewish Messiah arrived, the vast majority did not recognize Him. When He returns, will Christians make the same mistake? That’s the fear WND founder Joseph Farah expressed in an interview with Paul McGuire on “Apocalypse and the End Times” on GodTV. It was part of a wide-ranging conversation about how the last days will be far different than what many believers expect. “Who is Jesus and how is he going to come back?” Farah asked. “You know, a lot of people missed Jesus the first time He came. Most of the Jews did not recognize Him as their Messiah. They had a misunderstanding of how the Messiah was going to come. And they were going a lot by man’s teaching rather than going back to the Scriptures. And I wonder, when Jesus does come back, if many people in the church are going to miss Him, too.” The interview took place two years ago and anticipates many of the themes in Farah’s new book, “The Restitution of All Things.” The book describes one of the great mysteries of the Scriptures, the Millennial Kingdom, the “Great Hope” spoken of by the prophets. Farah believes the form of Jesus’ return is going to surprise many Christians. And he warned in the interview that believers need to be educated about what to expect so they are not misled into following a disastrous deception. “This Jewish guy is going to come back, on the Mount of Olives as prophesied, and He’s going to become King of Israel,” Farah said. “And the whole world is going to center around Israel at this point. Are they going to recognize him? Or are they going to be fooled by an imposter that we call the Antichrist who is going to do all kinds of signs and miracles, et cetera?” Truly becoming knowledgeable about the Bible and the roots of the Christian faith is a passionate concern of Farah’s, who urges all believers to examine what they believe. “More than a billion people in the world call themselves Christians. How many of them are authentic Christians?” he asked rhetorically. “What is the basis of our faith in Jesus, Yeshua? It’s the Hebrew prophecies that predicted how He would come, when He would come, where He would come and all that. I think too many Christians don’t even understand why Jesus is their Lord and Savior and how he is going to be the King of Israel.” As Farah explained in the interview, eschatology and prophecy are particularly important to him because it was how he was won over to Christ after spending a dissolute youth as a communist activist. “I was an unregenerate, crazy young person,” Farah recalled. “My background is with the far, far left, even in high school, arrested in all sorts of demonstrations. I used to help start riots and building takeovers at Colombia University as a teenager. [It continued] until I got into my latter years in college, where I befriended a guy who today is still my best friend today. He was the son of a Spanish-speaking minister, and he was witnessing to me, and he gave me Hal Lindsey’s ‘Late, Great Planet Earth.’ This is shortly after it came out. I read it and it made total sense to me. “It was the prophecy angle that spoke to me. It made sense that if there are prophecies that have been fulfilled in the past and there are prophecies to be fulfilled in the future, I got a pretty good feeling they are going to be fulfilled in the future. The track record is 100 percent. That’s what got to me and I believe it reaches a lot of people.” But prophecy isn’t just about the future. It’s also about studying the Scriptures to understand the real roots of Christian belief. As Farah sees it, those roots are Hebrew. And he called for the church to reject the disastrous implications of “replacement theology,” the idea God no longer has any special destiny in mind for the collective Jewish people. New York Times bestselling author Joel Richardson wrote “When A Jew Rules The World,” a devastating critique of “replacement theology.” It was a book Farah himself said he wished he had written. “I felt like the Spirit was leading me to connect Christians with their Hebrew roots because we’re grafted into the promises granted to the House of Israel through our faith in Yeshua, Jesus,” he said. “It’s something so simple and important for Christians to understand, because if you can’t explain your faith to others, you really have to question what your faith is based on. “Did Jesus come to start a new religion? No – he preached only to the House of Israel during his earthly ministry. The Apostles did initially also and only later, decades later perhaps, did they recognize that perhaps Gentiles could be part of this, and it’s such a blessing that we are. The notion of replacement theology is why Israel still is the most controversial country in the world today.” It’s the book that gives you tomorrow’s news today! Get your autographed copy of “The Restitution of All Things: Israel, Christians and the End of the Age.” Farah says there is a real movement among Christians to emphasize the Hebrew roots of the religion, and the prophecy community is leading the way. In the Millennial Kingdom, he explained, believers may find themselves shocked at how “Jewish” it is, as he believes the feasts will be observed and the Sabbath will be observed. These ideas are explained in more detail in “The Restitution of All Things.” “We’re rediscovering those Hebrew roots which are the roots of our faith, and if you don’t acknowledge that, you’re in for a rude awakening when Jesus comes back,” he said. Save $21, get “The Restitution of All Things,” for only $4.95! We’ve been listening to you! And your message is clear. More and more of our 8 million monthly visitors to WND have been telling us the same thing. “We love WND,” they say. “But can I pay to get your content without being bombarded by advertising and putting up with loads times on audio and video spots?” We have answered the call. The product is called WND Weekly and, that’s right, it contains no ads, just a very reasonable annual subscription cost. Each week, all the original content from WND.com is collected, repackaged with spectacular designs and beautifully illustrated, and delivered to your computer, tablet, or phone for you to read, browse, check out, examine, inspect, peruse, pore over, scan, search, skim, study, AND KEEP FOREVER … absolutely ad-free! Print it, save it, or share it. And each weekly issue costs less than a song on iTunes, a new razor from a monthly shave club, five 4×6 photo prints at Walmart, an ATM fee, a souvenir penny, a cheap beer, a junior cheeseburger deluxe at Wendy’s, a slice of pizza in New York City, or even a house in Detroit (Seriously! Google it!) Whether you’re taking a Sunday drive, planning a Sunday brunch, or wearing your Sunday best, start your favorite day with a cuppa coffee and a no-nonsense, matter-of-fact, down-to-earth, nitty-gritty, nuts-and-bolts, brass-tacks, meat-and-potatoes issue of WND Weekly. Of course, when news is breaking big time – like by the minute – we still hope those who take us up on this offer will come back to WND.com to catch up. Actually, it’s not a new product. We’ve been doing it for years. But we’ve dramatically lowered the subscription cost on this weekly digital magazine delivered to your inbox to make it more affordable for everyone. We also welcome you to sample one issue FREE of all cost or obligation because we know you will love this easy, convenient, efficient way to read our news and commentary at your leisure. In an age of “fake news” being presented as fact, WND.com strives to be the best source of powerful, truthful investigative journalism you’ve come to expect from the No. 1, original pioneering independent news agency dedicated to draining the swamp of Washington, D.C., since we started publishing back in 1997. A simple-to-access and easy way to digest the news, WND Weekly is a platform for a download of the week’s worth of content when you want it and as often as you want it. Instead of constantly refreshing WND.com to see what’s the newest, breaking story, WND Weekly allows you see a beautiful presentation of the week’s hottest stories in a diligently packaged and fully illustrated manner so you can catch up on all the news in one visual production. And, did we forget to tell you, it’s ad-free? Try it now – for free. If you like what you see, pay only $29.99 for a full year of this service. NOTE: For this offer, your credit card will be charged only for the price of the items you have ordered and your free WND Weekly trial will begin. Also included with your merchandise will be your renewal notice for a one-year WND Weekly subscription. NOTE: If you want to renew, do nothing, and your credit card will be debited for the low annual renewal rate of $29.99. At any time during the year, you can cancel your new subscription for a full refund on the unused portion. To keep WND Weekly coming in future years, do nothing and we’ll renew your subscription automatically at the low prevailing rate by charging your credit or debit card. You may cancel by calling 1-800-4WNDCOM (800-496-3266) or by emailing canceltrial-WB@wnd.com. This offer is valid for credit card purchases and does not apply to purchasers of WND Weekly subscriptions in the previous 365 days as the offer’s intent is to introduce non-subscribers to the digital magazine. Order your copy “The Restitution of All Things” for only $4.95. This offer expires tonight at 10 p.m. Pacific, so order now.   Click here for reuse options! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Follow WND On Facebook: Twitter:Follow @worldnetdaily Contribute Contact Us Send a Link Send Corrections Send a Tip Send Photos/Videos Send comments Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. WND Related Stories God's patterns, and why you need to watch for them A radically new way of viewing Christianity Prophetic mystery of the end revealed New book by Joseph Farah debuts today What if Jesus didn’t come to start a new religion? Shocker! Where do believers go when they die? WND Exclusive Commentary BETWEEN THE LINES Joseph Farah My little miracle revisited Real America Patrice Lewis Meet Jane: A true tale of a true transgender MAKING POLITICS PERSONAL Carl Jackson The racism of modern-day reparations WND VIDEO Larry Klayman Obama disses American law but loves American money! BRAVE NEW SCHOOLS Craige McMillan Failed 'higher' ed … at taxpayers' expense More Commentary » Deal of the Day Farah blockbuster: 'The Restitution of All Things' – $4.95 today! WND founder's 'masterpiece' on 'Israel, Christians, and the End of the Age' Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2017. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
Home Home Highlighted Across the Missouri... Marciarille WCEG Blum Center NBER Biography Delicious Facebook Facebook Google Plus Twitter Grasping Reality with All Tentacles: bradford-delong.com: « Weekend Reading: Wolfgang Streeck: Trump and the Trumpists | Main | » Trade, Jobs, and Inequality: CUNY http://videostreaming.gc.cuny.edu/videos/video/4983/embed/?access_token=shr00000049839204943398151315087172252494609 Eduardo Porter: Good evening. Thanks for coming. There has been a lot of sturm and drang over the last—what?—98 days. Today I read that the administration is preparing an executive order to start the process for the U.S. to leave NAFTA, which was one of Mr. Trump's campaign promises. However, over the past 98 days I have come to realize that perhaps President Trump did not really mean all of the things he said on the campaign trail. He has left China off the hook: "not a currency manipulator". His first trade battle was against... Canada. And the first battle against Mexico he lost, today at the WTO. And yet I do not think that you would be right to discount the "Trump phenomenon". There were tens of millions of voters who actually bought into his argument that immigration and trade have done them wrong, have taken their jobs, have weighted on their wages, have caused some of the social dysfunction that we now see in many American communities. Here we have this group of pretty remarkable pros to talk about whether there is a case against trade. To what extent is Trump's diagnosis correct? Is there an argument for some sort of protectionist policies to support the workers who have been displaced from their jobs, or whose wages have not improved due to competition from other countries? Perhaps Trump's prescriptions have been pretty outlandish—slapping a 35% tariff against the world's second largest economy, or withdrawing from NAFTA and undermining the value chains that have been built over the last 25 years, or even abandoning the WTO. This is something I would like the panel to address. But also softer stuff: like talking about using safeguards against import surges or other tools used in administrations in the past. Our upcoming trade representative thirty-five years ago was negotiating voluntary export restraints with Japan in the way of using protectionism to assist workers. Without belaboring this further, I would like to give each of you guys an opportunity to address these topics and get this going. If I may start with you, David Autor, you have written some very important papers addressing the impact of trade on workers and your last name begins with an "A", so we can do this alphabetically: David Autor: Thank you very much. It is a pleasure and an honor to be here, to be on stage, to be a guest of Paul Krugman and CUNY, and I see many of my friends far more distinguished than I in the audience as well. I am going to try to set the stage. I will not talk about trade policy per se. But I will put it in the context of the dramatic changes in the U.S. labor market that have occurred over the past 35 years. From 1980 to the present we have had a rapid rise in inequality, and a lot of that rise in inequality is divergence in earnings by education level, and a lot of that divergence is not simply higher earnings for higher education adults but falling real earnings levels for lower-education adults, particularly non-college men, particularly men with just as or with less than a high school degree. A lot of that phenomenon, in our consensus understanding, has to do with technological change that has increased the demand for highly educated workers and those with judgment, expertise, and creativity, and reduced the demand for repetitive physical and repetitive cognitive labor. So over the last 35 years technology has been more consequential for the divergence we have seen. And up until the mid 1990s I think many economists would have said: end of story. But things really did change in the 1990s and 2000s, and that change had a great deal to do with China's economic development which, let us be clear, is a fabulous thing from a global perspective. This has been the best thing for the global middle class in a millennium. It has created prosperity throughout the world not just in China, but in sub-Saharan Africa, Latin America, and so forth. It has been a great thing. But it has been extremely disruptive for U.S. employment, especially U.S. manufacturing employment. I myself am actually startled when I look at the figures. Many of us have in mind the picture that U.S. manufacturing has been in perpetual decline since 1943, when it was 38% of U.S. employment toward the end of the Second World War. It is true: if you look at the share of manufacturing employment, it is just down, down, down. You cannot even see the early 1980s recession. You can barely see China's rise. But if you look at the number rather than the share of U.S. manufacturing workers, you see something very different. In 1943, in the Second World War, there were 16.6 million U.S. manufacturing workers. By 1979 there were 19.7—not that much change. In 1999 there were 17.7—again not that much change. But by 2007 U.S. manufacturing employment had fallen by three and a half million jobs. And in the subsequent three years between 2007 and 2010, it fell by another one and a half million jobs. Five million jobs lost—almost a third of U.S. manufacturing employment—and that is a really traumatic shock. It really falls off a cliff. And it does have a great deal to do with the rising position of China. Not the fault of China. All of a sudden we have a very competitive low-wage country making high-quality goods that are a better deal for consumers. Consumers start substituting toward them. That raises consumer welfare—it makes lots of goods cheaper—but it also has a very concentrated impact on the places that make those things. Manufacturing by its very nature is geographically concentrated. When we are talking about commodity furniture we are talking about Tennessee. When we are talking about textiles we are talking about the Carolinas. Five million jobs in a labor market of 150 million really isn't very many. But when it happens in a few places in a very short period of time—when all the firms in an industry go under at once—it has a seismic impact. We have always known that more trade has diffuse benefits and concentrated costs. That is true and theory. In the 2000s we really saw it play out in practice It is understandable that people do feel like this was unexpected, this was unwelcome, they were not warned, they were told that trade was win-win. Things did not work out as expected. Brad DeLong: Certainly I have learned a huge amount from David Autor. Certainly I have had to substantially revise upward my own views about the negative U.S. domestic consequences of trade and the China shock that hit the U.S. starting the late 1990s as China's industrialization shifted from something impressive for a very poor country to something that was of world historical consequence. But I would like to lay down a marker and put David's remarks a little bit in perspective. And I would like to erase what I think might be somewhat of a misapprehension. When you talk about the number of manufacturing jobs going from 19 million to 17 million from 1979-1999 and then down to 12 million, those aren't the same manufacturing jobs. There is enormous churning within manufacturing. There are enormous regional shifts as well. My grandfather had to close his shoe factory in Brockton, MA in 1933 at the nadir of the Great Depression and move up to and reopen in a place where wages were even lower: South Paris, ME. The workers of Brockton were killed by this. This was taking pace at the same moment that the rest of manufacturing in southeastern Massachusetts was beginning its move down to the Carolinas. The Lord Brothers Shoe Company was a bonanza for the workers of the South Paris until 1947, when they hit the wall again. They took the capital and split up to become real estate developers. That was not a big shift in terms of the kinds of people employed—the net factor content of domestic employment. The Wellman-Lord Construction Company that built turnkey phosphate plants and other things in Florida employed very much the same kinds of people in terms of skills and education as had the Lord Brothers Shoe Company in South Paris, ME. But these were people in Florida rather than Maine. There is always churn. That's the reason I think that looking at the share—which shows a smooth decline—yields much more insight than looking at absolute numbers. Absolute numbers seem to say things were stable for a long time, and then they collapsed . What was actually happening was that the jobs were opening up and closing down the economy at all times in different regions. People were moving and shifting about. Manufacturing was not stable. New England manufacturing got killed—and New England workers along with it. Carolinas manufacturing boomed—and that was a bonanza for Carolina's workers. Looking at the share, you see a long decline in the share interrupted by sudden short-term sudden shocks which cause considerable distress. To throw out some numbers: We were never going to permanently have 38% of our nonfarm labor force in manufacturing: that was only if we were building little but bombs and tanks. The post-World War II normal was about 30%. if the United States had been a normal post-World War II industrial powerhouse economy like Germany and Japan, by now the evolution of technology would've carried us down from 30% to about 12%. We have gone from 12% to 9.2% because since the inauguration of Ronald Reagan, the United States has on the whole followed very strange and dysfunctional macroeconomic policies, policies that have made us a savings deficit rather than a savings surplus country. Instead of the United States as a rich country financing the industrialization of the rest of the world and developing economies using that financing to purchase US manufacturing exports, we have been instead acting as... a money laundering center? a provider of political risk insurance? a place to put your money so that if the balloon goes up in your country and you have to flee suddenly in the Learjet or the rubber boat you will be much happier if a large chunk of your wealth is on deposit at J.P. Morgan Chase in New York. Morever, if you are not a rich person in a developing country but a developing country, and if you want to avoid being subject to the tender mercies of Christine Lagarde of the IMF, it is nice to have large dollar assets in your government's hands to use in an emergency. Then from 9.2% to 8.7% is because of changing patterns of trade, primarily the rise of China. From 8.7% to 8.7% because of the result of NAFTA: NAFTA is a nothingburger as far as the fall in the manufacturing share of the workforce is concerned. From 8.7% to 8.6% because of bad trade deals we have made with China, with Mexico, with Canada. They've taken us to the cleaners, I tell you! Over three generations they have taken us the cleaners! Bigly, they have taken us to the cleaners! And of course, there are substantial and powerful countervailing gains in other sectors that we have gotten from the trade negotiations that have led us to shed the extra 0.1%-point of our manufacturing labor force. I would sharply distinguish that 0.1%-point from the 0.5%-point that is due to trade, primarily the rise of China, and from the 2.8%-points that are due to the trade impact of dysfunctional macroeconomic policies, and from the 18%-points that are due to technology. Eduardo Porter: So, Ann, is trade not it? Is trade a red herring? Ann Harrison: Let me step back. Let me try to negotiate between these two men to either side of me. Donald Trump won the US election by convincing voters in states like Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania that he would make America great again. What was his platform? Brad DeLong: If I may say: by convincing three million fewer voters. Ann Harrison: Yes. Let us recall that he did not win the popular vote. He promised to impose 20% tariffs on imports. He promised to build a wall to keep out Mexican immigrants. He promised to renegotiate and perhaps throw out NAFTA. On Sunday we saw an almost-repeat of the Trump campaign in the first round of the French presidential elections. Marine le Pen has made it to the final two on a far right platform. Her platform was to take France out of the European Union. So the question is: why are such extreme anti-globalization platform so appealing? I am going to throw out my own numbers: Since 1984, when we had 25 million manufacturing workers, half of those workers have disappeared from manufacture. We have gone from a country where one quarter of workers are in manufacturing to one in ten workers. One of the major reasons that this decline is important is that those jobs are in fact"good jobs". In my research I follow workers were kicked out of the manufacturing sector and move to services. Typically that will lose them 5% of their wages. However if that worker loses his or her job in manufacturing because of the trade shop, he or she loses 15 to 20% of their wages. You are losing jobs, and you are losing good jobs. The important thing is that the pain is real. We are seeing a shrinking middle class. We are seeing stagnant wages for less-educated middle-age workers. And we are seeing an enormous rise in inequality—higher than we have seen in the last 100 years. In addition to that—and this is very important—we are seeing a rise in insecurity. Even people who still hold on to jobs are afraid for the future. They are afraid about whether their Kit is going to get into college. They are afraid about whether their kid is going to get a job at all. They are afraid about whether they are going to lose their job. That rising insecurity is really important. Then we have to ask ourselves: somebody like me, an economist who has always supported free trade, did we miscalculate the gains from globalization? I think we made two big mistakes The first mistake we made was that we thought it would be really easy for people to retool and find new jobs. It turns out that is not so easy. We have a record number of people who have left the labor force. The second mistake is that we thought it would be easy to compensate the losers. The idea behind globalization is the winners, the exporters, the consumers, are so much richer that it is easy and straightforward to redistribute some of the winnings to compensate the losers. That turned out not to be true. Our package for helping the losers, Trade Adjustment Assistance, helped only about half those that it should have helped. But, much more important than that, Americans do not want handouts. What they really want are jobs. That leads me to the next question: Is barricading ourselves against China and throwing out NAFTA part of the solution? This is where I am going to deviate from Professor Autor and support my former Berkeley colleague Professor DeLong. Us Berkeley types stick together. China is a convenient scapegoat. It reminds me of Japan in the 1980s, when Michael Crichton described a "yellow menace"—very racist—in his novel The Rising Sun. I think that is what we are facing. Why do I think protectionism won' help? I have a new book, The Factory-Free Economy, with a coauthor and friend named Lionel Fontagne. I want to tell you a story from the very first chapter written by Richard Baldwin. Go down to South Carolina and go into a textile mill, and the only thing you will see is a man and a dog. The dog is there to protect the machinery. The man is there to feed the dog. That tells you—this is just an anecdote—that China is not the enemy. The enemy is the machine. Let me give you some more facts to bolster my argument and this is where I'm going to support my colleague from Berkeley. My own research has tried to decompose what has happened to manufacturing jobs. My research shows that maybe 10% of the loss is due to firms going offshore. Three quarters of it can be attributed to the fact that the cost of machinery has fallen, and firms are substituting machines for people. Let us look at the long-run trends here. Let us go back 50 years, 50 years, Long before China came on the scene, the share of manufacturing value added in the economy has stayed completely flat. It has not moved. What has changed very gradually is the share of manufacturing workers, and here again I would agree with my colleague to the left. You do not see a big decline around 2000. There is a decline but it is not enough to materially shift the trend. You see a gradual decline in the share of manufacturing workers. How can we have Constant share of manufacturing value added in GDP while the share of manufacturing workers in employment falls? The answer, once again, is machines. Rising productivity as machines are replacing workers. Let me summarize: The pain is real. The solution is wrong. It's not that winter is coming. It is that the robots are coming. David Autor: I just want to make it clear. I am not advocating trade barriers of any sort. That maybe what you took for my remarks. The China shock was real. It had a large effect. That does not mean we should try to or can turn back the hands of time. Paul wants to say more about this. Paul Krugman: Instead of arguing with my fellow panelists, I am going to argue with my past self. Two propositions: Economists were much too complacent about trade even up until the fairly recent past. The political system and journalists are way overreacting to trade now. These are not contradictory. Both need to be in there now. There was a late 1990s consensus about trade and the economy—that trade was a contributing factor but a very distinctly secondary factor and that if you got the numbers right it was not that big a deal. We should really be focusing on inequality via other programs. Trade was not the issue. If you have to ask: Who was guilty of what turned out to be a bad judgment? The answer is: me. I was taking standard trade models. I was looking at factor content. I was concluding: look, it's just not big enough to be having the effects non-economists are ascribing to it. A couple of things happened. One was that trade went up a lot—and a different kind of trade. It was not just China. If you take a long time series of trade as a share of world GDP, you find that there is a big dip in the interwar period, and by 1980 it does not look that different from 1913. And then something happens. Hyperglobalization. There is this take-off of trade, this geographic deconcentration of value chains, and it is not just China. Thus a lot of estimates that trade was just not that big a deal were using data from 1993. And guess what? Data from 2015 shows that trade with low wage countries is a much bigger thing. And then there is the specific falling-off-a-cliff thing of the 2000s. Partly this is a statistical illusion because the rate of growth of the labor force slows a lot. The baby boomers are all in the workforce. The movement of women into the labor force was over. Thus what had been a continuing decline in the share became an absolute decline in the number of manufacturing workers. There was a big move into trade deficit in the 2000s. A lot of it was emerging market money flooding into the United States in the wake of the financial crisis. In economics, everything is connected to everything else in at least two ways. There is this funny backwash from that. So trade becomes a much bigger deal than it was. The other thing—which I really kick myself for missing—is what David Autor and coauthors have pointed out: workers are a lot less fungible, and a lot less mobile, a lot less able to shift jobs then we had imagined or would like to imagine. Manufacturing industries are geographically concentrated. When you get a shock you can't just think as if all workers in the economy are the same. When all the export-oriented workers in some midwestern town have lost their jobs, that matters, the effects are bigger. On the other hand, it is a dynamic economy. Stuff is always happening. I used the number 75000 for the number of Americans every working day. I got some internal mail from the Times—people saying: that's ridiculous, that can't be right, that would mean that 20 million people lose their jobs every year. Yes. 20 million people lose their jobs every year. There is a lot of churn. Things are happening all the time. More retail jobs were lost in the last two months than coal jobs were lost since 2000. Manufacturing, because of the geographic concentration, does matter more. But disruption of manufacturing centers has been happening for a long time, that is not a new phenomenon, that does not have to be related to international trade. Walk around here and there is even a statue of a garment worker at his sewing machine. This is called the "Garment District". There is no Garment District here anymore. There are just memories of the Garment District. That disappears, but—and I am not sure where I come down in how we deal with it—we can do the numbers. We can look at objective facts. We can say that it is only one of a number of factors. But it always has a psychological significance that makes it much bigger. The fact that foreigners are involved makes people always emphasize trade shocks much more than corresponding alternative shocks coming in. People get upset about the disappearance of steel plants in a way they never got upset about the disappearance of the buggy manufacturers. Somehow, the sense of unfairness—and I think to a little bit economists have a reverse problem. Comparative advantage is one of the prides and glories of our profession. And so we overemphasize the good sides of trade as well. That puts us in an awkward position. Last thought—and I am not offering any answers here—if we think that a large part of the solution is a stronger social safety net, think about the fact that France has a welfare state, a social safety net, that is beyond the wildest dreams of American leftists. Nonetheless le Pen made it into the second round of the election. Eduardo Porter: Thanks. Just a word in defense of David and of China. I did my last column about whether China should have been labelled a currency manipulator. I was speaking to Brad Setser. He said that there was a "before David Autor" and an "after David Autor". Because of your work identifying the local impacts of competition from China. Paul Krugman: I just want to say that I brought multiple columns saying that China was a currency manipulator, which was true in 2010 and 2011, but is not true now... Eduardo Porter: Part of this conversation should also be about a set of actions that the Trump administration. If trade is at best overblown as a cause of distress, what would be the costs of some of the actions that the Trump administration is proposing? Brad DeLong: Abrogating NAFTA, for example? I would say full NAFTA abrogation—returning us to 1992—would cause a world of hurt to the American auto industry, as well as to other sectors. The argument back in 1992—Ross Perot on the right and my various labor friends on the right—was that the auto industry was in the crosshairs and gravely threatened by NAFTA. That turned out to be simply wrong. Sherman Robinson of IFPRI and PIIE have convincingly demonstrated that that was simply not so. NAFTA enabled the creation of one of the first important sophisticated global value chains. After NAFTA, Detroit could reconfigure its work processes and so shift out the "bad", low-productivity manufacturing jobs to Mexico—the jobs in which we use people as essentially robots because the real robots we can build are not quite good enough—while keeping the high value skilled and semi-skilled manufacturing jobs. Without Mexico there as a resource to draw on in the value chain, Detroit would have a greater cost disadvantage vis-a-vis Nissan, Toyota, Honda, Subaru, and BMW, Mercedes, Audi. If you abrogate NAFTA, that goes away. GM, Ford, and Chrysler are then in a much worse position. Paul Krugman: I do not have an estimate of what Trumpist trade policies would do... Brad DeLong: And neither does he... Paul Krugman: We don't even know what the policies are. There has been a fair bit of work on BREXIT. We have a better idea of what BREXIT will actually involve. Something like 2% poorer in the long run. There is a dirty little secret: the benefits of trade and the costs of protection are not trivial, but they are not as big as the rhetoric might tend to make you believe. An abrogation of NAFTA would be something like that. However, here the Autor point cuts in the other direction. NAFTA is not a new thing. The North American economies have adjusted to it. We have an integrated North American production system. A car assembled in Ontario is made from stuff produced all over the continent. Disrupting that would do the same kind of damage as the China shock. The old joke about the motorist who runs over a pedestrian, says "I'm sorry", and then backs up and runs over him again. The big changes in trade are all in the rear view mirror. The China shock ended around 2008. The big changes from NAFTA ended a decade before that. Now we are talking about taking an established industrial order and disrupting it. Eduardo Porter: Guys, folks are going to come around to collect the question cards. The cards will then be brought forward here. David Autor: Let me try to bring this around to trade and automation, which Ann correctly emphasized. Automation has been more important. In the future, automation will likely be more important again. The China shock was hugely disruptive, but it is much closer to equilibrium now. With no change in policy we will not see anything like what we saw over the past 15 years in the next 15 years. But we ought to learn some lessons about this. One is about our social safety net. As emphasized, trade adjustment assistance policy is woefully inadequate. But a deeper point is, jobs have their own value. You cannot make someone whole... What if you said, "Hey, Paul, we are going to take away your identity. You are no longer an esteemed economist. You are just retired". Would you say: "Oh, great! I have all this money and I do not have to do anything!"? Of course not. For most people, work is central to organize who they are, how they perceive themselves, how others perceive them, their social identity. A better social safety net is not sufficient. We would like to actually have good jobs. Are there other ways to go about that? Tax reform. The whole Border Adjustment Tax was a Trojan Horse for a Value Added Tax, which most other industrialized countries have. That treats imports and domestically produced goods symmetrically. Our current tax system levies a lot of taxes on domestically produced goods and only sales taxes on imports. Moving toward a better form of taxation could be beneficial for investment and for the repatriation of profits to the United States. Similarly, we could continue to invest in things that are innovative. We should be concerned about manufacturing not just as a jobs program but as a center of innovation. A lot our patents and a lot of our IP occurs. That creates a lot of wealth and employment. We would be a poorer place and we are going to be a much poorer place if we cut the National Science Foundation and the NIH, if we stop investing in our great public universities. We are really at risk of making that mistake. Severely. The one thing I disagree with: I don't think we should fear the robots. Automation has been with us for 200 years. It has made us rich. It has made us more productive. We lead safer, more interesting, longer lives with much higher standards of living because of the advances we have made. It is also disruptive, like trade. But it does not happen as fast. We are living in an era where people are very concerned that automation may all of a sudden change a lot of things very quickly. So far that has not happened at all. In the time since 2000, the U.S. has added 15 million jobs—as many stories as have been simultaneously written about how the robots are taking all of our jobs. The productivity data do not support the view that we are in this productivity transformational surge. We may be—we may be at an inflection point. But it has not happened yet. We should be preparing for how we can benefit from the complementary and productivity. It is coming. We want to make sure that we are making robots here, and not buying them from China or Germany, because we are going to be using them 20 years from now. We would also like to be making them. We want to be thinking about how we take advantage of these opportunities, not how we make them go away. Paul Krugman: I also wanted to raise this issue. You could argue that there are too few robots around—that is what the productivity statistics seem to be saying. Ann Harrison: I want to make just two points about what would happen if we transitioned to a more protectionist state of things. One is that 95% of the world's markets are outside US borders. A company, any worker who works for an exporting company, anybody who has to think about the rest of the world—for all of them, closing in is really not a good idea even from a narrow business perspective. That is something Trump understands. The other more important point is that the 2 billion poorest people, the people who live on less than two dollars a day, they live outside our borders. These people in the rest of the world, particularly the Chinese, have benefited massively from the opening up of world trade. A prominent economist sitting in the front row here, Branko Milanovic, has written a very important book showing that even though inequality has risen in every single country, global inequality has fallen. Why is that? Because the poorest countries, particularly China, have been able to use access to world markets to catch up. I just do not see how we can turn our backs on the 2 billion poorest people. That is what I wanted to say about the costs of protectionism. I want to say one more thing: the hard part is what we will do going forward. It would be great if we could discuss a proposition: Both Bill Gates—whom I think of as middle—and by somebody more on the left, the late Anthony Atkinson and his fifteen points about what should be done. Coming from very different perspectives, one a billionaire and one an Oxford Don, they both agree that what we should do is to tax machines—or find other ways to promote labor-intensive growth. David Autor: That's a terrible idea. Paul Krugman: There are two things I want to say. First, in saying "don't fear the robots" you are missing "Skynet kills us all", but let us pat that aside. Second, in raising this, Ann is making a point that I very much agree with but I am not sure what to do with. If we step back from a U.S. or an OECD perspective and take a rootless cosmopolitan global perspective, hyperglobalization has been an incredible force for good—and it is not just China. In fact, in some ways China is the old story. You want to be thinking about those that are not as far along. If you go to Bangladesh you are horrified: they are very poor, miserable conditions, they have industrial disasters that make the Triangle Shirtwaist fire look like nothing, and yet they are a country that was on the edge of starvation when they achieved independence and has achieved a doubling of real incomes, and it is all because of their ability to export labor intensive manufactures. They are not a banana republic, they are a pajama republic. That is terribly important. That is a reason to keep markets open. But can you imagine running a U.S. national campaign saying: "Look, your communities are being gutted, but we have to keep these markets open for the sake of the people in Bangladesh"? I don't know how we deal with that. I really don't know how to think about that. Eduardo Porter: If we could think about trade policy into the future. Is there a role for reviewing trade policy, in both the domestic and the global perspective. On the domestic side, you have folks like Larry Summers—hardly a crazy radical—writing pieces about how we should rethink the institutions. We should stop focusing on trade deals, and should focus on other things, like labor rights and institutions... David Autor: Like the TPP, actually... Eduardo Porter: And from the global perspective, the issue that globalization has helped a lot of countries move up from poverty is certainly true, but now there is a question about whether that will still be true in the future. You have the work of folks like Dani Rodrik wondering whether the manufacturing economy will be able to do the trick that it did for countries like China. Brad DeLong: China may well be the last country able to use the standard strategy of export-led industrialization to a complaisant importer of last resort to build up its communities of engineering practice and so become much richer faster. A huge question. Let me say that everybody should read Richard Baldwin's new book, The Great Convergence. Paul Krugman: This ties into a huge number of issues. We used to say—I used to say—when we had the original Gang of Four industrializers, Korea, Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Singapore, that: "OK, you can do this, but how much labor intensive manufacturing production is there in the world?" Would it be possible once China tries to do this? And it turned out that it was possible. Brad DeLong: Barely... Paul Krugman: But it was possible, and that was because we learned to divide up the value chain, and take labor intensive segments and hive them off. So far—there are still a few countries, Bangladesh, Vietnam, behind China in this—there may be limits. And it doesn't seem to work everywhere. Why has not Mexico had the takeoff we expected it to have? Brad DeLong: One thing that it definitely is our job to do as academics and economists is to very proudly fly our rootless cosmopolite freak flag whenever the situation and the evidence calls for it. We need to be saying that a century from now historians will be writing that one of the glories of the American age was that the United States did not view its proper role as hobbling industrialization, growth, development in the rest of the world but rather in encouraging and supporting the making of a much richer world as fast as practicable. An open economy, a liberal polity—that has made the era since 1945 so great. I find myself wondering—Pascal Lamy, at a conference I was at last November, quoting China's sixth Buddhist patriarch: "when the wise man points at the moon, the fool looks at the finger". There was a Hungarian Jewish sociologist 70 years ago, Karl Polanyi, who wrote that a market society was bound to destroy itself. In a market society and the only rights that matter are your property rights, and your property rights are only worth something if they give you control of scarce resources useful for making things rich people have a serious Jones for. But people Believe that their rights extend far beyond their property rights. The way Polanyi put it, people believe that they have rights to Land whether they own the land or not—that the preservation and stability of their community is a right they have. People believe that they have rights to Labor—that if they play by the rules and work hard the market owes them that they should be able to earn the standard of living they expected. People believe that they have rights to Finance—that the firms they work for and the jobs they have should not suddenly blow up and disappear because financial flows have been withdrawn at the behest of some sinister gnomes of Zürich or other tribe of rootless cosmopolites. This is a huge problem. People believe that they have much stronger rights than the ones a market society gives. But then you try to move beyond a market society to a social democracy with a safety net. And the response is: we don't want welfare programs. Back in the 1920s "welfare" was a good word. When Edward Filene in the 1920s talked about "welfare capitalism"—firms providing health, accident, and pension benefits to their workers—the "welfare" was in there to make his readers think that the idea was a good thing. But because people want respect, over the past century the word "welfare" has been poisoned. Dealing with this is one of the major political-rhetorical-economic challenges of our time. As an economist, I want to pass this buck to some sociologists or political scientists somewhere. David Autor I want to say a little more about why I am not in favor of taxing robots. Unlike carbon emissions, robots do not create direct negative pollution externalities. This would be taxing something that makes us more productive. This would be like taxing computers because they eliminate all of those clerical jobs, or taxing cars because they are displacing all these equestrians end for farriers. It would've been a terrible idea—not just making us poor in the short run but keeping us poorer in the long run by retarding economic and industrial development and innovation. Ann Harrison: Did you just say it was a bad idea to tax cars? David Autor: I did. To treat them specially and differently. I think that our tax system favors labor over capital in an unfortunate way. They should be treated symmetrically. Rapid expensing and so on is actually a poor idea, but to single out an area of technological advance and say that we are going to punish it because it could be disruptive—that is a way of making us poor in the long run. And I want to reiterate: Robots will be a really large part of production. We had a technological advantage: a lot of the technology behind robot started in the United States. It is now migrating elsewhere. We should be investing in that as a country as we have done at a societal level with so many other technologies. We should not be waving goodbye because we are scared of what it may do. Brad DeLong: We used to have what, 500,000 women working at telephone switch boards plugging cables into sockets. Now there is nobody in the United States saying: "Gee. I wish I could get my grandmother's job at the telephone switchboard at Con Ed! That was such a great job!" That was a job that took human being with a very sophisticated brain—one that has evolved to do everything that a hunter gatherer does plus everything else we have built on top of that—and that uses that brain only—and uses her as a massively underemployed robot because making circuits by inserting plugs in the sockets uses only a very small proportion of the intellectual capacity that is the massively parallel supercomputer that fits in the bread box and draws 50 W of power that is her brain for an eight hour shift. Paul Krugman: Part of the question is: what is a robot? Is a machine learning algorithm that these days makes Google translate so startlingly good a robot? These days are self-driving vehicles robots? If I wanted to think about a technological change the could displace lots of workers in the near future, we have 5 million people in the United States employed as drivers. That could go away in a heartbeat. But on the other hand—third hand, fourth hand, amongst my hands—the long-run optimism about the impact of technological change is born out by history, but the long run can be very long indeed. Wages stagnated for at least 40 years during the Industrial Revolution, and 40 years from now—a lot can go wrong in 40 years. Eduardo Porter: This conversation was focused on manufacturing. But automation and whatnot are making inroads into the service economy, which employs a lot more people. David Autor: Software is a much bigger deal than robots already. It will probably continue to be. Software is the hamburger that eats the world. Eduardo Porter: We have got 15 minutes for questions. I would like to start with this, which seems a great topic for you people to take on. Let me start with this one. The belief is that service sector jobs will always pay less than manufacturing jobs. But is that guaranteed? Should we put the government's energies into making it so the service sector jobs are highly paid and good jobs rather than focusing on manufacturing, which will always be a small part of employment in the future? Brad DeLong: I don't think that "manufacturing" and "services" are the way to partition it. If you asked me to partition it, I would say that there are people who add value with their strong backs, but that began go go out with the domestication of the horse. And there are people who add value with their nimble fingers, but that began to go out with the invention of the spinning jenny. However, because every horse, every steam engine, every spindle, every piece of machinery needs a microcontroller, human brains added an awful lot of value as bosses of the machines that had replaced their backs and fingers. And there is accounting: keeping track of stuff, and who owns the stuff, what the stuff is good for, who is allowed to use the stuff, where the stuff is, information, organization. The problem now is that robots proper are getting rid of the microcontroller jobs and software 'bots are about to start getting rid of the accounting another white collar Jobs keeping track of the stuff and what it is good for. The graduate admissions committees whose jobs could be better done by an algorithm... Paul Krugman: We doing know that live job interviews make a fundamental contribution: they destroy information... Brad DeLong: You've seen economists go on the job market. People have long records of what they have done and what they have worked on and what their advisers and peers say about them. And that gets an interview in a hotel room for 30 minutes. And then with the five people in the hotel room for 30 minutes say about you wipes out all previous information. And if the five people turned from's up then you get if fly out and get to give a seminar. And then what happens in that seminar wipes out all previous information... David Autor: I think that what Eduardo was asking about was not "service sector"—which is 80% of everything—but rather personal services, helping, assisting. Those are rapidly growing. Those are low paying. Those are low paying in every advanced economy... Brad DeLong: Sheryl Sandberg and other managers—it's a social-engineering-organizing job... David Autor You added "social engineering": I was talking about food service-security-cleaning-home health aides. 15% of employment. Very low wage. They are intrinsically low wage because they use a very generic skill set. You can be productive in those jobs in a couple of days without a lot of training because labor is not intrinsically scarce for them, they cannot be high wage jobs. They tend to be at the bottom of the ladder. You can cause there to be higher wages for those jobs with subsidies, or through regulations, and then you will tend to have less of them. It is a very challenging problem. Paul Krugman: Healthcare jobs include a substantial number of middle-class jobs. I have been obsessed since the last election with West Virginia which went three to one for Trump. He promised to bring back the coal jobs. But there are no coal jobs. There will be no coal jobs. It is about 3% of the state workforce now. 15% of the state work force is health and human services. Some of those are low wage—but it is not clear they have to be, you could have more labor unions. Those are the jobs of the future. Of the twelve occupations predicted to go fastest over the next fifteen years, ten are nursing in one form or another. "Services" is everything from hedge fund managers to janitors. Some of those can be middle class. And where we get into things—if Walmart had been unionized, which could've happened in a different political environment, we would be looking at quite a different landscape situation for those jobs. Brad DeLong: So everyone needs a personal shopper and information provider, a personal psychotherapist, a personal trainer, and a personal life coach—and at an hour a day, that's 50% of employment right there. Paul Krugman: If you had taken a French physiocrat who believed that the only true creators of value are farmers and showed them modern America, where there are fewer farmers than people playing World of Warcraft, they would be horrified. Everyone must be doing make-work. Eduardo Porter: Here is a question about unions, but you just brought up. Let me broaden it a little. What institutional changes going forward—you guys have decided that the safety net is not going to do it. Trade policy seems not the right way. So where is a policy set that has some traction? And let me throw in the arguments about the fissuring of the workforce. I'm wondering whether it might have even more impact than trade, and as large a scale as technology—you sorting off workers by their marginal productivity. The janitor who used the work for GE and benefited because he worked for GE is now an employee of the janitorial services subcontractor. Relegated to a much more cutthroat labor market than he would have been in the past. Paul Krugman: We won't know until we try it. The decline of unionization—we said that that was inevitable as manufacturing shrank and so we are left with essentially no private sector unions. That is by no means universally true across the advanced world. Canada still has a unionization rate of greater than 20%. DeMarcus something like 70% unionization. A lot of it has to do, I think, this is an argument one could have, with the political environment. The big reason that Walmart, which is our biggest employer, it is not unionized, while GM did is that Walmart became the biggest employer in a time when the legal and political environment was very hostile to unionization. Things like card check—it is possible you could change this. There is lots of reasons to believe that there is substantial wiggle room—that wages are in no wise pinned down by something called marginal productivity to the extent Econ 101 says. Is that enough to sustain the kind of society we want in the face of the robots? I do not know. Eduardo Porter: you guys did not talk about education. But there is a question: how about spending more on reskilling? David Autor: Education is the most important investment to make over the long-term. To adapt. In the late 1800s and and early 1900s when agriculture was shrinking very rapidly, agricultural states like Iowa made massive investments in secondary school education to get out ahead of this. They mandated that everybody stay in school until 16. This was a radical step. Not only were those kids hitting the books, but those kids could not provide labor to the farm while they were in school. It was extremely expensive. It was incredibly forward looking. It gave the United States the most productive, the most flexible, the most skilled workforce in the world for most of the 20th Century. It did not happen automatically. It was a societal choice. Imagine taking the labor force of 1900 and plopping them into the 21st century right now. In spite of their strong back some good characters, many of them would not be employable. They would be innumerate and in many cases illiterate as well. It is challenging. We have definitely fallen behind in this. We are now 14th in the world in getting people through secondary education. We used to be first in the world. I do not want to say "make America great again", but we are under investing there, and the way we are gutting our great public colleges and universities is particularly tragic, because it is an area in which we are doing very well. In many parts of the world public universities are distinctly mediocre, and that has not been true in the United States. Brad DeLong: May I concur with and endore everything David Autor has said, and then strengthen it? Looking out at an audience that include some people who may be thinking at some future time of giving money to some private university like NYU or Columbia, let me just say that from my perspective: don't. It won't work. That is not how our private universities work. Back in the 1950s Harvard educated 1200 undergraduates a year, Yale 800, in a time when the University of California—UCB and UCLA—educated 4000. Today Harvard educates 1600 undergraduates a year while the University of California educates 50,000. At Harvard has in the meantime received some $30 billion dollars in private gifts. If you want to make a difference as far as education is concerned—it's organizations like CUNY that carried the serious load back in the days when Harvard and Yale had hard Jewish quotas of 10%. Given the way that our privates are set up, they are unlikely to use further gift money wisely to expand education in the future. Paul Krugman: We had an event with Raj Chetty here. He did a study of systems that do produce major amounts of upward mobility. Public universities do it. They do it in varying degrees. There is one that stands out—off the charts: CUNY. Eduardo Porter: One more question. What's the role of a minimum wage? Paul Krugman: The minimum wage is clearly something we can do. It won't transform the situation. But it will make a material difference. There is no subject in economics I know of where careful empirical work has done more to change people's minds than the question of the minimum wage. People do dig up things I wrote 25 years ago about the minimum wage about how it would lead to a higher unemployment rate. They say: Why do you now say something different? I reply: Because Card and Krueger did the incredible work. It turns out that the evidence is overwhelming that when a minimum wages are at the levels that they are in the United States today there is no detectable employment effect of raising the minimum wage. There is clear poverty reduction. It is one of the things we do know how to do. We should be doing it. There is a question about the $15 dollar an hour minimum wage. Fine for New York City. Is it fine for Alabama? Maybe not. But a big push on minimum wages—definitely. Brad Delong: May I ask you to say that to David Card—that it has changed your mind? He was lamenting three weeks ago that I was the only person who had told him it had changed my mind... Paul Krugman: I always say that. You can tell him this. I like to be open-minded. This is shockingly good work. It moved me significantly left on labor market policy, because it says that you can do much more than I thought. Brad Delong: And it created a great mystery. It says that, somehow, the manger at the local Burger King have substantial amounts of market power at the low end of the labor market, where you would think he would not. David Autor: We have another good policy tool in this realm. The EITC. It makes work pay better. It has had positive effects on labor force participation, earnings, and well-being in female headed households. It is almost unavailable to men who cannot claim children as dependents on their tax forms. That does not mean that they are not fathers, by the way, but they are not claiming dependents. But if you are a single mother you can get up to $6000 a year in wage subsidies through the EITC. If you are a father with two children who are not your dependents you get about $400. The greatest declines in employment and falling wages are low-education men. Brad DeLong: And that is my fault. In 1993 we needed to get the Clinton deficit reduction package up above $500 billion over 5 years, and the EITC for "childless" workers was the last thing we in the Treasury Department had to throw out of the sleigh to the wolves... David Autor: It's an idea that is a good one. But it is an expensive one. And the minimum wage appears free—you are making employers pay. For the EITC you would have to pay for it... Brad DeLong: But the minimum wage is free in an allocative-efficient sense! You are reducing a market power-generated deadweight loss! Paul Krugman: Let me just say that there is a tone—we worry about the politics, about how hard it is to do stuff. But if you look at how successful safety net programs were in the Great Recession, the answer is: incredibly successful. Increase in child poverty: negligible. Increase in adult policy: barely there. We have the tools to make life a lot better. Do we have the tools to convince people who benefit from these programs that they should vote for politicians who support them? That is another issue. David Autor: We haven't done that. The tax share of GDP has been at 20%... Brad DeLong: But three million votes... David Autor: But all in California. You can run it up in California—it's not real America, so... Brad Delong: Let me make a plea for UBI. The argument against Universal Basic Income is always that it is a "handout", and people don't want handouts. You would have to sell it as something that is not "welfare". But... After my grandfather Bill Lord moved to Florida and became a construction company boss and real estate speculator, he did well: he was briefly the richest man between Tampa and Orlando. Ever since the money from the Lord trusts has boosted my consumption by about $10000 a year. That has been my UBI. It has been quite welcome at times, and always convenient. I don't see this as "welfare", as making me a "loser", as offending my "dignity"—even though I had nothing to do with the invention of the Wellman-Lord desulfurization process or any other value created by his accomplishments, and I would accept the argument that he was overcompensated for them. Similarly, Mitt and Ann Romney do not think in any way that they are loochers—losers and moochers—from their UBI, which came from the stock American Motors had given Mitt's father George to incentivize him, which stock they could sell to boost their standard of living when they went to BYU. The problem with UBI and with the welfare state is one of perception and of perception of who is deserving and undeserving. Inheritance in America today is not tainted. I think UBI should not be tainted either—and I think Mitt and Ann Romney would agree, if only they would step back and think a little... April 29, 2017 at 03:31 PM in Economics: Inequality, Philosophy: Moral, Political Economy, Politics, Streams: Economics, Streams: Equitable Growth, Streams: Highlighted | Permalink | | | Comments Trade, Jobs, and Inequality: CUNY http://videostreaming.gc.cuny.edu/videos/video/4983/embed/?access_token=shr00000049839204943398151315087172252494609 Eduardo Porter: Good evening. Thanks for coming. There has been a lot of sturm and drang over the last—what?—98 days. Today I read that the administration is preparing an executive order to start the process for the U.S. to leave NAFTA, which was one of Mr. Trump's campaign promises. However, over the past 98 days I have come to realize that perhaps President Trump did not really mean all of the things he said on the campaign trail. View the entire comment thread. Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Fund "Grasping Reality: The Semi-Daily Journal of Economist Brad DeLong" Recently... We Are with Her! Looking Forward to Four Years During Which Most if Not All of America's Potential for Human Progress Is Likely to Be Wasted With each passing day Donald Trump looks more and more like Silvio Berlusconi: bunga-bunga governance, with a number of unlikely and unforeseen disasters and a major drag on the country--except in states where his policies are neutralized. Nevertheless, remember: WE ARE WITH HER! At My Fingertips... HIGHLIGHTED ONLY | THE HONEST BROKER | EQUITABLE GROWTH | RSS FEED | Short Biography | Talks, Presentations, and Events | Edit Posts | Edit Pages | Edit Content | Berkeley Open Access | Subscribe to Grasping Reality's Feed... | Books Worth Reading | Discussions |||| AFFILIATIONS: Equitable Growth - Manifesto | Berkeley - Blum Center<.a> | NBER |||| OTHER STREAMS: Readings and Reviews | DeLong FAQ | The Honest Broker | Ann Marie Marciarille | Across the Wide Missouri... | Liveblogging History | Storify | On Social Media | This.! | Mark Thoma | Paul Krugman | Noah Smith and Steve Randy Waldman | Zeynep Tufekci | Oliver Willis | Marginal Revolution | Cosma Shalizi | Worthwhile Canadian Initiative | Angry Bear | Antonio Fatas | Probably Worth Reading... Definitely Worth Reading... Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 More... "I now know it is a rising, not a setting, sun" --Benjamin Franklin, 1787 Amazon.com Widgets
About Advertise Partners MenuHome Headlines Entertainment -Music -Movies -Television -Books Week In Photos -Entertainment Photos -Lifestyle -National News Health Business Sports Tech Misc. -People -Press Releases Home Headlines Entertainment Music Movies Television Books Week In Photos Entertainment Photos Lifestyle National News Health Business Sports Tech Misc. People Press Releases Home / Headlines / Prince Estate Sues ‘Deliverance’ EP Producer to Block ‘Unauthorized’ Surprise Release Prince Estate Sues ‘Deliverance’ EP Producer to Block ‘Unauthorized’ Surprise Release By Amanda Rey on April 20, 2017 Tweet Pin It Unfortunately those who wanted to get their hands on the new Prince EP might never have the chance to. Just before the EP’s release, which was scheduled for release on the one year anniversary of Prince’s death, the Prince estate has filed a lawsuit against the EP’s co-producer Ian Boxill. According to Rolling Stone, the lawsuit filed by Paisley Park Enterprise alleges that Boxill is “packaging ‘Deliverance’ and five other unpublished recordings featuring Prince without their permission.” In a statement to Rolling Stone, the Prince estate explained their reason as to why they took legal action: “The Estate of Prince Rogers Nelson is aware that Mr. George Ian Boxill, in conjunction with Rogue Music Alliance, has issued a press release announcing an intent to distribute previously unreleased Prince master recordings and musical compositions. Like the other engineers that had the opportunity to work with Prince, Mr. Boxill signed an agreement, under which he agreed (1) all recordings that he worked on with Prince would remain Prince’s sole and exclusive property; (2) he would not use any recordings or property in any way whatsoever; and (3) he would return any such recordings or property to Prince immediately upon request. Mr. Boxill did not comply with his agreement. Instead, Mr. Boxill maintained copies of certain tracks, waited until after Prince’s tragic death, and is now attempting to release tracks without the authorization of the Estate and in violation of the agreement and applicable law.” The six-song EP was said to feature undiscovered music recorded from 2006-2008. The recordings were said to be recorded when Prince was an independent artist while protesting what he viewed as an unfair music industry. Boxill intended to release Deliverance through Rouge Music Alliance (RMA), with “the majority” of sales benefiting Prince’s estate, as reported by Rolling Stone. RMA planned to release the EP on April 21 and it was available for pre-order on iTunes, Google Play and Amazon, as stated in the press release. The EP was also set to release nationwide on June 2 at Walmart, Target, and other major stores. Rolling Stone reports that the lawsuit demands that Boxill must return “any and all masters, copies and reproductions back to the estate.” Adding that the “Deliverance release deprives Prince and the estate from choosing what is released to the public and when.” Although fans will be not be able to hear any new Prince music, they will have a chance to relive the Prince experience. According to Billboard, the pop icon’s backup band, The Revolution, will reunite and hit the road for a spring U.S tour, in honor of Prince. The tour will stop in major cities including Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Washington D.C, and Detroit. The tour is said to end in Seattle on July 15. Photo Credit: Prince/Instagram Related ItemsDeliverance EPfeaturedLawsuitPrince Tweet Pin It ← Previous Story La La Anthony and Carmelo Anthony Have Separated After Almost Seven Years of Marriage Next Story → Kendrick Lamar Has the No. 1 Debut Album of 2017 + Announces the DAMN Tour You may also like... Black Fox News Anchor Kelly Wright Joins Racial Discrimination Lawsuit Against the Network Boston College Student Creates New Freestyle Rap Card Game “Vers” ‘We Really F-ed This One Up’: The Mistakes Shea Moisture and Pepsi Could Have Avoided You must be logged in to post a comment Login Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Advertisement Latest By Sheriden Chanel Black Fox News Anchor Kelly Wright Joins Racial Discrimination Lawsuit Against the Network Fox News thought that all their legal problems would be solved by firing Bill O’Reilly, but the Murdoch-owned network thought wrong. Unfortunately, it’s a change that is not strong... Amanda Rey | April 27, 2017 Two Sisters Create Fragrance Brand After Successful Appearance on ‘Shark Tank’ Sheriden Chanel | April 27, 2017 ‘Gotham’ Actress Jessica Lucas Is Engaged Sheriden Chanel | April 26, 2017 Marshawn Lynch Is Back! The Former Seahawks Running Back Is Officially an Oakland Raider Advertisement Popular Latest Comments Staff Contributor | January 5, 2012 The Estate of Michael Jackson Plans Grauman’s Chinese Theatre Hand & Footprint Ceremony Staff Contributor | October 4, 2013 Steve Harvey’s Shocking Revelation About Being Homeless Meredith Seay | June 26, 2014 Anthony Mackie Joins Cast of ‘The Avengers: Age of Ultron’ Sheriden Chanel | April 27, 2017 Black Fox News Anchor Kelly Wright Joins Racial Discrimination Lawsuit Against the Network Amanda Rey | April 27, 2017 Two Sisters Create Fragrance Brand After Successful Appearance on ‘Shark Tank’ Sheriden Chanel | April 27, 2017 ‘Gotham’ Actress Jessica Lucas Is Engaged renelew says: Thank you for your lovely tribute to my daugh... 100%bitch124 says: love her, hope it smell good she rules for me... jason true aaliyah fan says: maybe zendaya's father didn't want to be invo... Advertisement Around The Web Loading... About UrbanMecca Established in 1997, UrbanMecca.com (Formally known as BlackWeb.net) is a news magazine focusing on black news and African American Interest news of all types. Tags music television Movies featured legal sports Business Beyonce health couples hip hop charity politics Obama Jay-Z education Kanye West Rihanna Oprah Winfrey Michael Jackson black history racism Chris Brown Nicki Minaj Michelle Obama books Drake technology fashion local civil rights Lil Wayne Alicia Keys Usher Kevin Hart Will Smith 50 Cent Kerry Washington T.I. Tyler Perry Copyright © 2015 UrbanMecca.com About Advertise Partners
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. Faith   |  Subscribe   |  ADVERTISE WITH US Follow Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations WND EXCLUSIVE ISIS, refugees, Christian persecution? Chilling prophecy in today's headlines Bible's startling events converging around the globe – and at lightning speed! Published: 11 hours ago Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Prophecy is leaping off the pages of today’s headlines! The return of Israel. Increased turmoil in the Middle East. The rise of ISIS. China and Russia’s presence in the Fertile Crescent. The exponentially increasing technological explosion. The “Trojan Horse” refugee crisis. America’s collapsing borders. The rise of the Sodom and Gomorrah spirit. The targeting of Christians around the world and particularly in the Middle East and the United States. These are just a few prophetic fulfillments occurring in our day and pointing to significant biblical times to come. The Bible is 100 percent accurate in regard to the ancient prophecies, and ours is the first generation to see these startling events converging – and at lightning speed. Now you can get “When the Lion Roars: Understanding the Implications of Ancient Prophecies for Our Time” by pastor Carl Gallups today only for nearly $10 off of its normal price! Meticulously documented with reliable sources and sound contextual biblical study, “When the Lion Roars: Understanding the Implications of Ancient Prophecies for Our Time” by pastor Carl Gallups equips you to understand the gravity of the days in which we are living. In “When the Lion Roars: Understanding the Implications of Ancient Prophecies for Our Time” you’ll discover what the Bible really says about: The unprecedented demonic outpouring of the Last Days. The spirit of the days of Noah. The connection of wanton technology growth with biblical prophecy fulfillment. The spirit of Sodom and Gomorrah. Apostasy in the Last Days’ Church. Why Turkey is central to Last Days’ prophecy. Why Israel is the centerpiece of end time prophecy. The historical truth about Islam and ISIS. The Shemitah effect. The mystery of 666 – are we on the verge of the technological fulfillment? How should Christians and the Church respond to these prophetic times. And much more. Beloved Hollywood icon Pat Boone said: “Carl Gallups is an author who has the well-recognized gift of making complex topics understandable and enjoyable to study. In ‘When the Lion Roars: Understanding the Implications of Ancient Prophecies for Our Time,’ he has done it once again! You will soon discover what so many seem to be missing these days. With every turn of the page you, will become increasingly convinced that we are living in the most profoundly prophetic days since Jesus Christ first walked the earth in the flesh. Captivating! Relevant! Essential!” We are living in intense but exciting times. We are living in prophetically unprecedented times. Be on guard; prepare your spirit and your mind. Make certain you have a biblically balanced understanding of our generation. Be ready with wisdom and perspective. The closing chapters represent wise and biblical counsel from a long-time pastor’s heart. They are filled with discernment and instruction for prophecy-days living – and laden with hope and encouragement. Joel Richardson, New York Times best-selling author of “Islamic Antichrist: The Shocking Truth about the Real Nature of the Beast,” praises Gallup’s new book, saying: “Carl Gallup’s prophetic detective work will stoke the fire of urgency and expectancy in even the coldest heart. Carl’s passion for biblical prophecy and the return of Jesus is contagious. He is indeed coming soon! Are you ready?” Gallups is the senior pastor of Hickory Hammock Baptist Church, founder of the PNN News and Ministry Network and a member of the board of regents at the University of Mobile. Gallups is also an author, talk-radio host and a former decorated Florida law enforcement officer. Save $10, get “When the Lion Roars: Understanding the Implications of Ancient Prophecies for Our Time” for only $4.95! We’ve been listening to you! And your message is clear. More and more of our 8 million monthly visitors to WND have been telling us the same thing. “We love WND,” they say. “But can I pay to get your content without being bombarded by advertising and putting up with loads times on audio and video spots?” We have answered the call. The product is called WND Weekly – and, that’s right: It contains no ads, just a very reasonable annual subscription cost. Each week, all the original content from WND.com is collected, repackaged with spectacular designs and beautifully illustrated, and delivered to your computer, tablet or phone for you to read, browse, check out, examine, inspect, peruse, pore over, scan, search, skim, study AND KEEP FOREVER … absolutely ad-free! Print it, save it or share it. And each weekly issue costs less than a song on iTunes, a new razor from a monthly shave club, five 4×6 photo prints at Walmart, an ATM fee, a souvenir penny, a cheap beer, a junior cheeseburger deluxe at Wendy’s, a slice of pizza in New York City or even a house in Detroit. (Seriously! Google it!) Whether you’re taking a Sunday drive, planning a Sunday brunch or wearing your Sunday best, start your favorite day with a cuppa coffee and a no-nonsense, matter-of-fact, down-to-earth, nitty-gritty, nuts-and-bolts, brass-tacks, meat-and-potatoes issue of WND Weekly . Of course, when news is breaking big time – like by the minute – we still hope those who take us up on this offer will come back to WND.com to catch up. Actually, it’s not a new product. We’ve been doing it for years. But we’ve dramatically lowered the subscription cost on this weekly digital magazine delivered to your inbox to make it more affordable for everyone. We also welcome you to sample one issue FREE of all cost or obligation because we know you will love this easy, convenient, efficient way to read our news and commentary at your leisure. In an age of “fake news” being presented as fact, WND.com strives to be the best source of powerful, truthful investigative journalism you’ve come to expect from the No. 1, original pioneering independent news agency dedicated to draining the swamp of Washington, D.C., since we started publishing back in 1997. A simple-to-access and easy way to digest the news, WND Weekly is a platform for a download of the week’s worth of content when you want it and as often as you want it. Instead of constantly refreshing WND.com to see what’s the newest, breaking story, WND Weekly allows you see a beautiful presentation of the week’s hottest stories in a diligently packaged and fully illustrated manner so you can catch up on all the news in one visual production. And, did we forget to tell you, it’s ad-free? Try it now – for free. If you like what you see, pay only $29.99 for a full year of this service. NOTE: For this offer, your credit card will be charged only for the price of the items you have ordered and your free WND Weekly trial will begin. Also included with your merchandise will be your renewal notice for a one-year WND Weekly subscription. NOTE: If you want to renew, do nothing, and your credit card will be debited for the low annual renewal rate of $29.99. At any time during the year, you can cancel your new subscription for a full refund on the unused portion. To keep WND Weekly coming in future years, do nothing and we’ll renew your subscription automatically at the low prevailing rate by charging your credit or debit card. You may cancel by calling 1-800-4WNDCOM (800-496-3266) or by emailing canceltrial-WB@wnd.com. This offer is valid for credit-card purchases and does not apply to purchasers of WND Weekly subscriptions in the previous 365 days as the offer’s intent is to introduce non-subscribers to the digital magazine. Order your copy “When the Lion Roars: Understanding the Implications of Ancient Prophecies for Our Time” for only $4.95. This offer expires tonight at 10 p.m. Pacific, so order now. Click here for reuse options! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Follow WND On Facebook: Twitter:Follow @worldnetdaily Contribute Contact Us Send a Link Send Corrections Send a Tip Send Photos/Videos Send comments Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. WND Exclusive Commentary BETWEEN THE LINES Joseph Farah My little miracle revisited Real America Patrice Lewis Meet Jane: A true tale of a true transgender MAKING POLITICS PERSONAL Carl Jackson The racism of modern-day reparations WND VIDEO Larry Klayman Obama disses American law but loves American money! BRAVE NEW SCHOOLS Craige McMillan Failed 'higher' ed … at taxpayers' expense More Commentary » Deal of the Day Farah blockbuster: 'The Restitution of All Things' – $4.95 today! WND founder's 'masterpiece' on 'Israel, Christians, and the End of the Age' Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2017. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
Jump to Navigation SEARCH Search form Search ◀ Environment / Food Environment Food Fracking Water Economy Economy Labor Local Education Rights Human Rights LGBTQ Immigration Media / Culture Media Culture Books Documentaries Health Drugs Activism Belief Pleasure Sex & Relationships Food Whole Foods Is Tanking—High-Priced Luxury Foods Don't Jibe With Our Times The upscale grocery chain is valued at almost $12bn, but six straight quarters of declining sales have led to speculation of a takeover bid. By Edward Helmore / The Guardian April 29, 2017 Print Comments Photo Credit: By Aspersions at English Wikipedia [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons Lunchtime customers at Whole Foods in Manhattan’s Union Square had little trouble expressing the shortcomings that have led the once high-flying, organic-focused retailer to become linked with a takeover. “I love the sushi, but I wouldn’t shop here except maybe for a special ingredient,” said Argentinian software designer Benjamin Vinas. “People say Whole Foods is for pretentious people, and I can see why. It’s too expensive. I don’t have the budget.” Vinas was not the only customer to express a similar point of view. Others said that for their groceries they went several blocks north and west to lower-cost rival Trader Joe’s, where products may not be so exquisitely selected but are, in general, more uniformly discounted. Maria Johnson, a postgraduate student, said Whole Foods’ pricing, with some items marked competitively and other expensive, was inconvenient. “I only buy body lotion and lunch here. And maybe spices,” Johnson said. “There are so many different price points you feel like you are missing out on the more fun, expensive things – and when you are shopping for the cheaper, more affordable things, you’re reminded of the things you can’t afford.” But the views of Manhattan’s grocery shoppers point to only part of the problem for Whole Foods, sometimes called Whole Paycheck, which has been facing a backlash from consumers. Founded in Austin, Texas, in 1980, Whole Foods Market, to give it its official name, has about 462 locations and a market value of almost $12bn. The chain helped make health food and organic food mainstream, and in its boom years shook up the food retail industry. Whole Foods had grand plans for a UK expansion too, opening its first outpost in Kensington in 2004 with plans for 40 more. But Whole Foods has stalled: like much of the retail sector, it faces economic headwinds including razor-thin margins, competition from other retailers offering organic food, and increasingly price-conscious consumers. In February, the company announced it would close nine stores: in Chicago, New Mexico, Utah, Arizona, and Georgia, and two each in Colorado and California. The closures, which followed six straight quarters of sales declines, represented the first downsizing since 2008. Founder and chief executive John Mackey explained that the business had changed because “the more conventional, mainstream supermarkets have upped their game. The world is very different today than it was five years ago.” One rival chain, Sprouts Farmers Market, was found to be on average 19% cheaper than Whole Foods. Other rivals, including Kroger, picked up Whole Foods customers. Last month, Barclays advised that Whole Foods had experienced a “staggering” decline in foot traffic that it estimated at 3%, or roughly 14 million customers. Whole Foods has long been the butt of jokes for its prices – although it disputes it is more expensive than it rivals – and its bougie products. Comedian John Oliver is particularly fond of its asparagus water. The difficult transition from expensive behemoth to a more nimble grocery store is reflected in its share price, which has dropped by almost half since October 2013. Investors are increasingly petitioning the company to move faster with reforms. An acquisition would underscore the consolidation of the US food retail industry as the sector prepares to compete against online retailers including Amazon, stores like Walmart and discount chains such as Aldi. Earlier this week, the Financial Times reported that Cerberus Capital Management, the New York private equity firm that owns Albertsons and Safeway, had initiated talks with bankers about making a bid. Other potential suitors include Jana Partners, an activist investor group that has amassed a 9% stake. In a regulatory filing, Jana said it wanted Whole Foods to “improve its technology and operations to better compete with larger rivals, shake up its board, and explore how much potential bidders might be willing to pay”. Jana has proposed nominees to the Whole Foods board, including Glenn Murphy, a former Gap chief executive, and former New York Times food journalist Mark Bittman, who has argued that the chain needs simplifying. Jana is run by 58-year-old yoga and health food devotee Barry Rosenstein. He has said he wants Whole Foods to learn from national chains while staying true to its mission. Whole Foods’ own efforts at reform include the expansion of 365 smaller stores offering lower-priced products. The stores will stock about 7,000 items, far fewer than the 35,000 to 52,000 at a typical Whole Foods location. Outside Trader Joe’s, Brooklyn homemaker Eva Lev said she rarely visits Whole Foods nowadays. “It’s like that Jim Gaffigan joke – Whole Foods on Sunday is just a refugee camp for people with too much money.” Lev added she prefers Trader Joe’s “because it seems like an everyman’s place, and you can still get organic”.   Edward Helmore has lived in New York for a decade, working as a reporter for the Observer and Guardian as well as for several magazines, including Vanity Fair, on subjects ranging from presidential politics and Wall Street to professional bull riding, the Rockettes and Bob Dylan.         Share on Facebook Share         Share on Twitter Tweet Report typos and corrections to [email protected] '.         Comments Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox EMAIL: + sign up for additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox + select additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Enviro Newswire Enviro Newswire presented by   Best of the week Most Read Most Emailed Most Discussed On Reddit On Digg Robert Reich: Trump's Latest Tweetstorm Is Grounds for Impeachment Robert Reich / RobertReich.org Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 04/27/2017 - 06:25 Paul Krugman: Trump Is a Monster Straight Out of 'The Twilight Zone' Jacob Sugarman / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 04/28/2017 - 06:46 Ultra-Wealthy Young Concertgoers Duped, Stranded and Growing Hungry on an Island in the Bahamas Eleni Cresci / The Guardian Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 04/28/2017 - 09:30 Stephen Colbert Nails Trump's Most Horrifying Admission This Week Alexandra Rosenmann / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 04/28/2017 - 04:35 Stephen Colbert Has a Pitch-Perfect Analogy for Trump's Horrifying Tax Plan Alexandra Rosenmann / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 04/27/2017 - 04:54 Trump's Nightmarish First 100 Days Gets the 'Simpsons' Spoof It Richly Deserves Alexandra Rosenmann / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 04/27/2017 - 05:52 The Great Job Exodus Is Upon Us: Trump's Promise to Save American Labor Is Already a Bust Kali Holloway / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 04/27/2017 - 11:09 Perverse New Missouri Law Could Sentence Grade Schoolers to Four Years of Prison Time Walter Einenkel / DailyKos Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 04/27/2017 - 09:08 Alex Jones Loses Custody Battle After Being Compared to 'Cult Leader' Sarah K. Burris / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 04/28/2017 - 06:47 Elizabeth Warren Issues a Dire Warning to Pro-Choice America Alexandra Rosenmann / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 04/27/2017 - 08:01 Today's Top Stories News & Politics The Trump Administration After 100 Days: A Second-Rate Salesman Surrounded by Con Men and Losers Activism May Day, Reinvigorated to Fight Trump's Anti-Immigrant Policies Labor The Great Job Exodus Is Upon Us: Trump's Promise to Save American Labor Is Already a Bust Media Buzzfeed Writer Horrified to Learn Kentucky Machete Attacker Was Her Online Troll News & Politics Right-Wing Loons Rage Against Ivanka for Her 'Uncomfortable Embrace of Refugees' News & Politics 3 Ways Obama Should Spend His Wall Street Money Food Whole Foods Is Tanking—High-Priced Luxury Foods Don't Jibe With Our Times The Right Wing Not Covered Under the First Amendment: The ACLU Is Wrong About Trump and Incitement to Violence Media 100 Days of Sean Spicer: The White House’s Press Strategy Is More Sinister than You Think The Right Wing Trump Voter Regrets He Was ‘Bamboozled’ into Voting for Trump: 'He Fooled Me' The Right Wing Moyers & Winship: This Is the Former President That Right-Wingers Think Trump Should Imitate Environment Climate Change as Genocide: Inaction Equals Annihilation Culture 'The Handmaid's Tale' Is Deeply Unsettling but Not for the Reason You Might Think Labor Why Are Men Dropping Out of Work? Drugs America’s Other Drug Problem: Prescriptions Are Being Wasted While the Needy Are Shut Out The Right Wing Donald Trump's 100 Days Have Been a Hand-Wrapped Gift to the Religious Right Drugs The Surprising Thing Marijuana and Hot Peppers Have in Common Food Buddhism Offers a Potent Philosophical Reason to Cut Meat Out of Your Diet Documentaries 'I Don't Know How Many People I've Killed': Whistleblowers Speak Out on America's Gruesome Drone Wars FARK HEADLINES News from idealmedia.com Alternet Originals How a Supermarket Sales Gimmick Has Become a Major Driver of Climate Change Making This Simple Lifestyle Switch Can Help Change the Whole World for the Better Will This Be the Biggest May Day Ever in the U.S.? ◀ Our Mission Who We Are About IMI Foundation Support Press Information Writer Guidelines Privacy Policy Advertise on AlterNet Contact Us Donate Subscribe Login
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 1-5, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of May 1-5, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – On Thursday night, northbound traffic will be shifted to the two outside lanes beginning at 9 p.m. and the inside lane will be closed to traffic. This shift will allow the contractor to complete work in the median strip. Motorists traveling that section of Route 29 between 9 p.m. Friday and 6 a.m. Saturday should anticipate congestion and brief delays due to the traffic switch and associated work to restripe the pavement and realign traffic signal heads. Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane will be closed between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday while formwork is removed from the Berkmar Drive bridge. During the closure, residential and business entrances on Rio Mills Road can be accessed from Earlysville Road. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway Hillsdale Drive Extended – Line Drive is closed at Zan Road for construction of a roundabout. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious AI Podcast: AI Can Be as Racist and Sexist as We Are Next PostNext Direct Locksmiths Began Delivering Transponder Key Programming and Reprogramming Services Search Recent Posts Dungey Grabs Crucial Monster Energy Supercross Win in East Rutherford to Reclaim Control of Championship Entering Finale Film South Asia Festival Mr. Jaimin Shah of DEV IT from Ahmedabad Appointed Chairman of Domestic Council of NASSCOM Takeda meldet beschleunigte Zulassung von ALUNBRIGTM (Brigatinib) Alabama’s McCombs Vaults to Lead on Day Three of FLW Tour at Beaver Lake presented by General Tire Proudly powered by WordPress
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Traffic Tractor-trailer wreck clogs I-40 east near Hillsborough Local News Brother who bought alcohol for teen who died after leaving crash will not face charges Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Officials: Low-lying areas of Wilson wait to dry out from heavy rain Sponsor Weather Photos: High water closes roads throughout Triangle DUALDoppler5000 Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw North Carolina Tar Heels headline local players selected in NFL Draft Saturday Soccer NC Courage run out to third straight win, 3-1 over Orlando Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Win Tickets to Poison, Extreme & Jackyl Our Take Tudor: Early football signing period could be on the way Holliday: NCAA tournament gets the best refs, but what about chemistry? Manuel: UNC, NC State baseball rivalry returns to Chapel Hill With click or tap, get to know who represents you @NCCapitol › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Venture/Innovation Venessa Harrison: The journey from operator to president AT&T North Carolina (WTW Insider) Analysis Score one for RTP: CEO explains why he bolted Silicon Valley for Triangle Sponsor Changing economy IBM confirms new layoffs as part of a talent 'remix' WRAL's 'State of Inequality' looks at economic differences across NC Out & About TV Watch the latest videos › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Editorial: NC Chamber is AWOL in fight for public schools DRAUGHON DRAWS: Legislature's crossover Editorial: Not expanding Medicaid - morally bankrupt, fiscally inexcusable Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Business Southwest Airlines to end practice of overbooking flights 5 On Your Side Regular file backup one solution to ransomware threat Business Wegmans supermarket to anchor Cary's version of North Hills 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel National News Florida woman loses legs while helping crash victim Family Airman home from deployment surprises kids Sponsor Best of spring Day trips from Raleigh Find egg hunts, bunny visits Farmers Market guide Flu season Five new flu deaths reported in NC; season total now at 136 The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About Weekend best bets: Wing Fling, Midtown Music Fest Out and About 10 spring festivals to check out in the Triangle Sponsor Holiday Guide Weekend best bets Family fun Shop local Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event With click or tap, get to know who represents you @NCCapitol › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Flooding continues to plague Goldsboro WRAL TV Former WRAL reporter Mark Binker dies Live Video Schedule 7a WRAL Morning News Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › 73° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 73° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal Lottery Celebrity Watch Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather 13 NC counties and 1 VA county are under alert, including Halifax, Edgecombe, Mecklenburg, VA, and Northampton counties. Details Published: 2017-04-29 11:32:00 Updated: 2017-04-29 11:32:00 2 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper Changes to the Savingstar weekly produce offers Tags: Coupons, Online coupons, Deals, Grocery deals Posted 11:32 a.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/17xHu Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters More on this SavingStar website SavingStar has updated their weekly Healthy Offers promotion and you are now required to qualify to receive the offers. Here is the e-mail they sent to Savingstar members: Starting in June, our Healthy Offers of the Week will change. Instead of being available to everyone, Healthy Offers of the Week will be a benefit for members who redeem 2 or more qualifying offers the prior month. In order to achieve and maintain access, redeem at least 2 qualifying offers each calendar month and we'll unlock a whole month of Healthy Offers of the Week for you the next month. Redeem at least 2 qualifying offers in May to unlock all Healthy Offers in June! Thanks for using SavingStar! Stay tuned for more great offers from SavingStar. Regards, The SavingStar Team Important Details: Eligibility for a calendar month's Healthy Offers will be based on earning at least two qualifying rewards posted to your account in the prior calendar month. Healthy Offers do not count as qualifying rewards towards the 2 per month threshold. Qualifying rewards are based on the date that the reward posts to your account, not the date you purchased the product. For example, if you make a qualifying purchase on May 31 which posts to your account on June 2, the reward will count as one of your qualifying rewards towards meeting your threshold in June.   Will this change the way you use Savingstar or are you already redeeming at least 2 offers per month? New to SavingStar? Here is how it works: SavingStar.com is a cash back coupon site. You don't print out a coupon to redeem at the register. You enter your store reward card numbers on the SavingStar.com website, then load digital coupons to your reward cards and buy the participating products at any of the participating stores. There are 2 types of redemption methods, depending on the store. 1. With CVS, Rite Aid, Harris Teeter, Lowes Foods & Food Lion, the redemption is automatic. Once you load the cash back offers to your account and buy the products, no additional action is required on your part to get the cash back in to your SavingStar account. The coupon savings are added to your SavingStar account a couple weeks after your purchase. You will get an e-mail from Savingstar when they have added savings to your account. 2. With Kroger, Target, Walmart, Walgreens and Family Dollar, you will need to take an extra step after you buy the offers you have loaded on to your account. After purchase, you need to scan the product barcode and take a photo of the receipt through their app and submit it to get your cash back. Although this is an extra step, it doesn't really take much time at all. Once you have accrued $5 worth of savings in your SavingStar account, you can cash in the savings. You can choose to have the money deposited into your Paypal account or checking account or donate it to a non-profit organization. According to their website, new coupons will become available at the first of every month. Savings will usually show up in your account between 2 days and 2 weeks depending on how long it takes the stores to give SavingStar the information. These coupons will not double. They also have iPhone and Android apps available. You can sign up for the program and see more information at SavingStar.com. . . Disclosure: This post may contain affiliate links and we appreciate your using them! This means that I may receive compensation from other websites I mention on this blog. Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com The "as low as" rate is at 3.96% APR (30 yr.) Save 50% Off Your Pella Windows Installation PLUS 0% APR for 36-Months Garner Appliance & Mattress Spring Sale Apr 21-29 Myrtle Beach Spring Specials - Save Now 2 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments 2 Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Kathy S. Apr 29, 2:03 p.m. Same here. Couponing is getting harder and harder. QUOTE Report as abuse vlynn Apr 29, 12:35 p.m. This was about the only savingstar deal that I used :-) Oh, well, guess this is another deal I can forget about. I rarely complete 1 savingstar deal, must less 2! QUOTE Report as abuse Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Pets K-9 3k walk benefits Wake County SPCA Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Entertainment Vanilla Ice, Salt n Pepa rock PNC in I Love the '90s Tour WRAL TV Former WRAL reporter Mark Binker dies Local News 12-year-old boy accidentally shot while playing with gun, Wake sheriff says Political News Trump to NRA: 'You have a true friend in the White House' Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Education One-on-one with NC Superintendent of Public Instruction Local News Dozens attend Wake County meeting on section 8 housing rights Out and About Art of Cool Durham Pets K-9 3k walk benefits Wake County SPCA Traffic Construction to close section of Raleigh's Hillsborough Street through weekend Out and About Fayetteville Dogwood Festival Out and About Farmers Market season starts this weekend Out and About Foodie News: Happy + Hale, Mami Nora's, Neomonde have new locations on the way Political News Facebook gearing up to fight political propaganda Out and About 10 spring festivals to check out in the Triangle Documentaries Bitty & Beau's Coffee National News Pile of snakes found in Arkansas Walmart parking lot Out and About Weekend best bets: Wing Fling, Midtown Music Fest Go Ask Mom Destination: Ansel Adams exhibit at the N.C. Museum of Art Go Ask Mom Recipe: One-pot chili mac WRAL TV Helpful tips when planning a trip to the WRAL Azalea Gardens Business How United selects passengers for involuntary bumping WRAL TV Former WRAL reporter Mark Binker dies News MS-13 street gang grips Long Island suburbs in violence Business At 100 days in, Trump rallies backers in PA, claims 'change' Local News VA secretary focuses on suicide prevention during Durham speech Health Team Focus turns to senator with doctor guilty of Medicare fraud SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? SmartShopper Share your deals & questions this weekend SmartShopper Food Lion 3-Day Sale starts today SmartShopper Changes to the Savingstar weekly produce offers Go Ask Mom Wake schools recommends students steer clear of Netflix show '13 Reasons Why' SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Pets K-9 3k walk benefits Wake County SPCA Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Entertainment Vanilla Ice, Salt n Pepa rock PNC in I Love the '90s Tour WRAL TV Former WRAL reporter Mark Binker dies Local News 12-year-old boy accidentally shot while playing with gun, Wake sheriff says Political News Trump to NRA: 'You have a true friend in the White House' Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Education One-on-one with NC Superintendent of Public Instruction Local News Dozens attend Wake County meeting on section 8 housing rights Out and About Art of Cool Durham Pets K-9 3k walk benefits Wake County SPCA Traffic Construction to close section of Raleigh's Hillsborough Street through weekend Out and About Fayetteville Dogwood Festival Out and About Farmers Market season starts this weekend Out and About Foodie News: Happy + Hale, Mami Nora's, Neomonde have new locations on the way Political News Facebook gearing up to fight political propaganda Out and About 10 spring festivals to check out in the Triangle Documentaries Bitty & Beau's Coffee National News Pile of snakes found in Arkansas Walmart parking lot Out and About Weekend best bets: Wing Fling, Midtown Music Fest Go Ask Mom Destination: Ansel Adams exhibit at the N.C. Museum of Art Go Ask Mom Recipe: One-pot chili mac WRAL TV Helpful tips when planning a trip to the WRAL Azalea Gardens Business How United selects passengers for involuntary bumping WRAL TV Former WRAL reporter Mark Binker dies News MS-13 street gang grips Long Island suburbs in violence Business At 100 days in, Trump rallies backers in PA, claims 'change' Local News VA secretary focuses on suicide prevention during Durham speech Health Team Focus turns to senator with doctor guilty of Medicare fraud SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? SmartShopper Share your deals & questions this weekend SmartShopper Food Lion 3-Day Sale starts today SmartShopper Changes to the Savingstar weekly produce offers Go Ask Mom Wake schools recommends students steer clear of Netflix show '13 Reasons Why' WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising CBC Digital Elements Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Entertainment TV 90s TV show Roseanne to return with original cast for eight new episodes Once the most-watched series in America, the original sitcom ran for nine seasons. By Tina Campbell April 29, 2017 12:50 BST Sarah Gilbert (top left), Roseanne Barr and John Goodman (bottom-right) are to reprise their roles in classic TV show RoseanneABC Cult US comedy series Roseanne is set to return for an eight-episode limited run, according to reports. The original show ran for nine seasons with the plot revolving around the Conners – an all-American working-class family living in Illinois. It was the most watched show in the US between 1989 and 1990 with the finale drawing an audience of 16 million viewers. Now according to Deadline, a reboot is being shopped around to various networks and streaming platforms with original cast members including Roseanne Barr, her on-screen husband John Goodman (Dan) and on-screen daughter Sara Gilbert (Darlene) attached. Barr – who played the titular character – retweeted several messages from excited fans online including links to articles about the revival. While she did not directly confirm the news herself, the 64-year-old tweeted: "Excited to create funny TV." One obstacle any new episodes will have to address is the death of Goodman's character which was revealed in the original 1997 series finale. The finale also revealed that the story of the Connors family was really a book being written by Roseanne as a form of therapy. Reflecting on the issue herself in a 2009 blog post, Barr put forward an idea for the show set 20 years in the future. In a rambling post she wrote: "DJ gets published, Mark dies in Iraq, David leaves Darlene for a woman half his age, Darlene meets a woman and they have a test tube baby, Becky works at Walmart, Roseanne and Jackie open the first medical marijuana dispensary in Lanford, Illinois, and pay off the mortgage before the house is foreclosed on, Arnie becomes the best friend of the governor of Illinois, Mom sells a painting for ten grand, Nancy and Arnie remarry, Jerry and the grandsons form a band like the Jonas Brothers, Dan shows up alive after faking his death, Leon has a sex change op, [and] Bonnie gets busted for selling crack." Whether any of that will make it to TV screens remains to be seen, but it certainly gives food for thought. Roseanne Barr (middle) pictured in 2012 with Michael Fishman and Alicia Goranson who played her on-screen children DJ and Becky in TV series Roseanne There is no word as yet on a proposed premiere date, or which actress will play Becky. Alicia Goranson, who originally took the role of Roseanne's eldest daughter, quit during the show's fifth season to attend college. She was replaced by Sarah Chalke, returning during the show's eighth season, when she and Chalke alternated playing Becky. Roseanne is not the only classic show to be given a new lease of life. Fuller House, a spin-off of family-friendly Full House has been renewed for a third season on Netflix. The streaming giants were also behind new episodes of the Gilmore Girls. The rebooted X-Files is also on course for a second outing on Fox. More from IBTimes UK The X-Files renewal: David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson on the return of Mulder and Scully Fox president teases The X-Files return date: 'We hope to announce something about that shortly' Fuller House premiere: The Tanners are back with new adventures on 26 February Related topics : John Goodman Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Why we love Chris Pratt's Instagram so much Columnists David Gilbert “Fixing broken news is not as easy as Jimmy Wales claims READ MORE Ja Rule says Fyre Festival 'not my fault' as co-organiser Billy McFarland blames storm Co-founders speak out after music festival, advertised as a 'luxury' event, launched in... Former TOWIE star Jake Hall and 'pregnant' Misse Beqiri announce big news Exclusive: Why he's turning his back on reality TV 'for good' and she's joining him. Paris Jackson backs Netflix suicide drama 13 Reasons Why as New Zealand restricts teens viewing The Netflix show has courted controversy over its challenging subject matter. The pole dancer who captured boxer Anthony Joshua's heart Heavyweight champ and his on-off lover first met at school and share a child together. Patrick Swayze's Dirty Dancing jacket sells at auction for £48,260 The auction of movie memorabilia went ahead despite opposition from... Prince William and Kate Middleton celebrate 6th wedding anniversary Kensington Palace posted a message of thanks for well-wishes from... Queen stand-in Adam Lambert open to replacing Robert Plant if Led Zeppelin reform The former Pop Idol contestant claims he would 'love' to sing some... White House Correspondents' Dinner speakers told limit jokes about Donald Trump The Daily Show host Hasan Minhaj claims organisers made the 'polite... Has the plot for Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy 3 been revealed? An extra credit scene hints that Adam Warlock will fight the space... After holding Netflix hostage, hacker group claims Fox, National Geographic, IFC and ABC next on their list The FBI is reportedly already investigating the cyber attack and... May film preview - Alien: Covenant, Pirates of the Caribbean 5 and Baywatch IBTimes UK film critic Amy West takes a look at the big movie... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close Whole Foods Hard times for Whole Foods: 'People say it's for pretentious people. I can see why' The upscale grocery chain is valued at almost $12bn, but six straight quarters of declining sales have led to speculation of a takeover bid. What went wrong? Whole Foods’ share price has dropped by almost half since October 2013. Investors are petitioning the company to move faster with reforms. Photograph: Bloomberg via Getty Images Whole Foods Hard times for Whole Foods: 'People say it's for pretentious people. I can see why' The upscale grocery chain is valued at almost $12bn, but six straight quarters of declining sales have led to speculation of a takeover bid. What went wrong? Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Edward Helmore in New York Saturday 29 April 2017 07.00 EDT Last modified on Saturday 29 April 2017 11.02 EDT Lunchtime customers at Whole Foods in Manhattan’s Union Square had little trouble expressing the shortcomings that have led the once high-flying, organic-focused retailer to become linked with a takeover. Hummus 'crisis' sheds light on secret world of mass food production Read more “I love the sushi, but I wouldn’t shop here except maybe for a special ingredient,” said Argentinian software designer Benjamin Vinas. “People say Whole Foods is for pretentious people, and I can see why. It’s too expensive. I don’t have the budget.” Vinas was not the only customer to express a similar point of view. Others said that for their groceries they went several blocks north and west to lower-cost rival Trader Joe’s, where products may not be so exquisitely selected but are, in general, more uniformly discounted. Maria Johnson, a postgraduate student, said Whole Foods’ pricing, with some items marked competitively and other expensive, was inconvenient. “I only buy body lotion and lunch here. And maybe spices,” Johnson said. “There are so many different price points you feel like you are missing out on the more fun, expensive things – and when you are shopping for the cheaper, more affordable things, you’re reminded of the things you can’t afford.” But the views of Manhattan’s grocery shoppers point to only part of the problem for Whole Foods, sometimes called Whole Paycheck, which has been facing a backlash from consumers. Founded in Austin, Texas, in 1980, Whole Foods Market, to give it its official name, has about 462 locations and a market value of almost $12bn. The chain helped make health food and organic food mainstream, and in its boom years shook up the food retail industry. Whole Foods had grand plans for a UK expansion too, opening its first outpost in Kensington in 2004 with plans for 40 more. But Whole Foods has stalled: like much of the retail sector, it faces economic headwinds including razor-thin margins, competition from other retailers offering organic food, and increasingly price-conscious consumers. In February, the company announced it would close nine stores: in Chicago, New Mexico, Utah, Arizona, and Georgia, and two each in Colorado and California. The closures, which followed six straight quarters of sales declines, represented the first downsizing since 2008. Founder and chief executive John Mackey explained that the business had changed because “the more conventional, mainstream supermarkets have upped their game. The world is very different today than it was five years ago.” One rival chain, Sprouts Farmers Market, was found to be on average 19% cheaper than Whole Foods. Other rivals, including Kroger, picked up Whole Foods customers. Last month, Barclays advised that Whole Foods had experienced a “staggering” decline in foot traffic that it estimated at 3%, or roughly 14 million customers. Whole Foods has long been the butt of jokes for its prices – although it disputes it is more expensive than it rivals – and its bougie products. Comedian John Oliver is particularly fond of its asparagus water. The difficult transition from expensive behemoth to a more nimble grocery store is reflected in its share price, which has dropped by almost half since October 2013. Investors are increasingly petitioning the company to move faster with reforms. An acquisition would underscore the consolidation of the US food retail industry as the sector prepares to compete against online retailers including Amazon, stores like Walmart and discount chains such as Aldi. Earlier this week, the Financial Times reported that Cerberus Capital Management, the New York private equity firm that owns Albertsons and Safeway, had initiated talks with bankers about making a bid. Other potential suitors include Jana Partners, an activist investor group that has amassed a 9% stake. In a regulatory filing, Jana said it wanted Whole Foods to “improve its technology and operations to better compete with larger rivals, shake up its board, and explore how much potential bidders might be willing to pay”. As more buy clothes online, Walmart eyes a piece of the action Read more Jana has proposed nominees to the Whole Foods board, including Glenn Murphy, a former Gap chief executive, and former New York Times food journalist Mark Bittman, who has argued that the chain needs simplifying. Jana is run by 58-year-old yoga and health food devotee Barry Rosenstein. He has said he wants Whole Foods to learn from national chains while staying true to its mission. Whole Foods’ own efforts at reform include the expansion of 365 smaller stores offering lower-priced products. The stores will stock about 7,000 items, far fewer than the 35,000 to 52,000 at a typical Whole Foods location. Outside Trader Joe’s, Brooklyn homemaker Eva Lev said she rarely visits Whole Foods nowadays. “It’s like that Jim Gaffigan joke – Whole Foods on Sunday is just a refugee camp for people with too much money.” Lev added she prefers Trader Joe’s “because it seems like an everyman’s place, and you can still get organic”. Topics Whole Foods Retail industry analysis Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Business › Whole Foods back to top business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Times Review Our Sites Suffolk Times Riverhead News-Review Shelter Island Reporter northforker Find A Pro Subscriptions New Print Subscription New E-Paper Subscription 99¢ E-Paper Trial Subscription Renew/Manage Subscription E-Paper Login Suffolk Times Riverhead News Review Shelter Island Reporter northforker Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter RSS Feed Write the Editor Send Us a Tip Advertise Classifieds Contact TR Digital News Government Police Education Sports Opinion Community Obituaries Events Eat & Drink Real Estate Stay & Play Shop Menu News Government Police Education Sports Opinion Community Obituaries Events Eat & Drink Real Estate Stay & Play Shop Write the Editor Send Us a Tip Advertise Classifieds Contact TR Digital Police & Fire 04/29/17 5:55am Riverhead Blotter: Unlicensed driver flees crash scene on Roanoke Avenue by Riverhead News-Review | 04/29/2017 5:55 AM | No Comments Tweet An unlicensed Southold man was arrested last Thursday morning after crashing his vehicle into another car and fleeing the scene on Roanoke Avenue in Riverhead, according to a Riverhead Town police report. Lee Ragland, 30, was driving around 8:30 a.m. when the crash occurred, officials said. He was charged with leaving the scene of an accident and first-degree aggravated unlicensed operation of a motor vehicle, police said. He was also arrested on a Riverhead Town Justice Court warrant, officials said. • A Mastic man was arrested last Wednesday morning and charged with robbing a man of his cellphone and wallet at a home on Middle Road in Riverhead, police said. Joshua Massaro, 21, reportedly stole the items Aug. 21 and was charged with third-degree robbery at police headquarters, the report states. • Stephen Clemente, 38, was arrested on Route 58 in Riverhead around 6:20 p.m. Monday and charged with driving while ability impaired by alcohol, police said. • Rodney Foreman, 22, of Flanders was arrested Sunday around 3 a.m. on Corwin Street in Riverhead and charged with driving while ability impaired by alcohol, police said. • Suffolk County Crime Stoppers and Riverhead Town police are seeking the public’s help in identifying and locating two men wanted for separate thefts in Riverhead. On March 16 around 10:15 p.m., a man stole a 40-inch television from Walmart on Route 58. The suspect left the store without paying for the television, which was valued at $448. In another incident on March 19, a man stole children’s clothing from Polo Ralph Lauren Children’s Factory Store at Tanger Outlets. The theft occurred around 7 p.m., police said. Suffolk County Crime Stoppers is offering a cash reward of up to $5,000 for information leading to an arrest in either case. Anyone with information can call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-220-TIPS. All calls are kept confidential. • A resident at Concern for Independent Living in Riverhead reported Monday her two Elvis CDs valued at $20 were stolen, police said. The victim said the CDs were taken after the person who borrowed them left them on a table in a common area, the report states. • ATV riders were reportedly driving around Lewin Farms on Sound Avenue shortly before 3:30 p.m. Monday, officials said. Police checked the area and didn’t locate the vehicles, the report states. • Nicole Edwards was arrested Monday around 4:20 p.m. at Target in Riverhead and charged with petit larceny, police said. • Michael Hackal was arrested Monday around 10 p.m. at the 7-Eleven near Doctors Path in Riverhead and charged with petit larceny, police said. • Giedrius Karvelis, 37, of Riverhead was arrested last Thursday around 9:20 a.m. at Home Depot in Riverhead and charged with petit larceny, police said. Those who are named in police reports have not been convicted of any crime or violation. The charges against them may later be reduced or withdrawn, or they may be found innocent. Comments comments Riverhead blotter, Riverhead Police Blotter, Riverhead Town Police Department Find a Pro See More landscaping and gardeners Blue Water Irrigation Greenport PO Box 147 kitchens Cusumano Custom Homes & Remodeling View Page heating ventilating and air conditioning Peconic Propane Calverton 3947 Middle Country Rd tree service Nature Works View Page Next Post > Immigration attorney answers communities questions about ICE, deportation < Previous Post Baseball: Wildcats nail down share of their 14th league title Similiar Articles Riverhead Town to consider parking ban on portion of Peconic Bay Boulevard by Kelly Zegers 04/29/17 6:02am No Comments The Riverhead Town Board will consider a recommendation to prohibit parking on a section of Peconic Bay Boulevard in Jamesport…. Read More Immigration attorney answers communities questions about ICE, deportation by Nicole Smith 04/29/17 6:00am No Comments Through hosting citizenship classes at the Riverhead Free Library, Millie Rios often fields questions from her students regarding immigration policies… Read More Cell phone records used to place defendants near the scene of Demitri Hampton murder by Grant Parpan 04/28/17 5:43pm No Comments The prosecution introduced cell phone records Friday that suggest the defendant in a murder trial associated with a 2013 fatal… Read More Load More Articles Back To Top Recent Posts Riverhead Town to consider parking ban on portion of Peconic… 04/29/2017 6:02 AM Riverhead Blotter: Unlicensed driver flees crash scene on Roanoke Avenue 04/29/2017 5:55 AM Cell phone records used to place defendants near the scene… 04/28/2017 5:43 PM Jamesport farmland may be added to county’s preservation program 04/28/2017 4:34 PM 911 call played in trial of suspect in Demitri Hampton… 04/27/2017 5:42 PM ‘Escape room’ planned for vacant downtown storefront 04/27/2017 1:32 PM Cops: Driver crashes vehicle into tractor trailer on Main Road 04/27/2017 9:28 AM Luminati sale at EPCAL requires additional help, councilman says 04/27/2017 6:00 AM Witness: Suspect in Demitri Hampton murder said he fired fatal… 04/26/2017 9:10 PM Cops: Drugs, scales and cash recovered during raid in Riverhead 04/26/2017 3:50 PM Police seek public’s help to identify two men involved in… 04/26/2017 2:08 PM Two men injured in Route 58 crash 04/26/2017 9:45 AM New Riverhead BIDMA member seeks to reach out to Latinos 04/26/2017 5:55 AM Testimony underway in trial of suspect in Demitri Hampton murder 04/25/2017 8:37 PM Cops: Riverhead man arrested after high-speed pursuit 04/24/2017 10:45 PM Congressman Zeldin spars with constituents at ‘community forum’ 04/24/2017 4:36 PM Blotter: Man charged with sexually abusing child in Flanders 04/23/2017 5:59 AM 84 Lumber selling tiny houses, but they don’t meet local… 04/22/2017 6:00 AM Blotter: Juvenile charged with felony burglary 04/22/2017 5:59 AM Police seek public’s help to identify men suspected of stealing 04/21/2017 6:54 AM Riverhead Newsletter Sign Up Sign up for the Newsletter. northforker Under pressure to cook? Try sous vide: North Fork Chef Eat Cooking with chef Stephan Bogardus of North Fork Table and Inn Eat Roanoke Vineyards Rosé of Cabernet Franc is our ‘Wine of the Week Drink Long Island wines deserve a spot on the table: Tom Schaudel column Eat Recent Facebook Posts Girls Lacrosse: Wildcats sees gains in loss to Eastport “It was a great game,” Shoreham midfielder Samantha Higgins said. “Not every single game is going to be a win, and I think we learn more from.. 1 likes, 0 comments ⋅ 8 hours ago Riverhead Blotter: Unlicensed driver flees crash scene on Roanoke Ave This week’s Riverhead police blotter 1 likes, 0 comments ⋅ 14 hours ago Immigration attorney answers communities questions about ICE, deportation Local immigration attorneys sat before about 30 community members and fielded various questions about green cards, visas, criminal acts and deportation,.. 2 likes, 6 comments ⋅ 17 hours ago Riverhead Town to consider parking ban on portion of Peconic Bay Boulevard Town officials said drivers making a left turn out of the boat launch’s parking lot have a “blind view” when vehicles are parked on the.. 7 likes, 0 comments ⋅ 20 hours ago Baseball: Wildcats nail down share of their 14th league title The SWR baseball team has done it again! 19 likes, 0 comments ⋅ 1 day ago Find us on Facebook Riverhead News Review Suffolk Times Riverhead News-Review Shelter Island Reporter northforker Topics News Government Police Education Sports Opinion Community Obituaries northforker Events Eat & Drink Real Estate Stay & Play Shop More Classifieds About Us Write the Editor Advertise with Us Send Us a Tip Contact 2017 © Times/Review All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman California’s Meyer Retains Lead on Day Two of FLW Tour at Beaver Lake presented by General Tire Oklahoma’s Slaton Wins Co-angler Title, $20,000 /EIN News/ — ROGERS, Ark., April 28, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Pro Cody Meyer of Auburn, California, caught a five-bass limit weighing 12 pounds, 8 ounces Friday to retain his lead in the FLW Tour event at Beaver Lake with a two-day catch of 10 bass weighing 28-9. He now holds a slim 3-ounce lead over second place pro Jason Reyes of Huffman, Texas, in the four-day event, presented by General Tire, that features a field of 161 of the world’s best bass-fishing professionals casting for a top award of up to $125,000. “I started on the same spot where I got the majority of my fish yesterday and caught a limit by 10 (a.m.),” said Meyer, who has two prior top-10 finishes at Beaver Lake in FLW Tour competition. “The fishing was definitely a lot slower and the fish weren’t as big today, but I was happy to have a limit. “I left that area and went to a spot where I had marked a bedding smallmouth in practice,” Meyer continued. “The water has come up quite a bit, so I couldn’t see her and I was just pitching to where I thought it was. I ended up catching a nice largemouth there – some good luck.” Meyer said that he ended up catching two more fish later in the day and his five-bass limit that he brought to the scale consisted of two largemouth bass and three smallmouth. He said that the same baits that he used on Day One produced again for him on Friday – a tube, a drop-shot rig, a swimbait and a flipping rod. “The chances of getting another limit out of my starting area is slim to none,” Meyer said. “Tomorrow I’m just going to go fish. You have to take it one day at a time here and concentrate on getting the right bites. Hopefully tomorrow I can make the right decisions and find the big ones.” The top 20 pros that made the Buck Knives Cut and will fish Saturday on Beaver Lake are:               1st:          Cody Meyer, Auburn, Calif., 10 bass, 28-9               2nd:         Jason Reyes, Huffman, Texas, 10 bass, 28-6               3rd:         Dean Alexander, Georgetown, Texas, 10 bass, 26-3               4th:         Brandon McMillan, Clewiston, Fla., 10 bass, 24-13               5th:         Nick Gainey, Charleston, S.C., 10 bass, 24-5               6th:         Randy Blaukat, Joplin, Mo., 10 bass, 23-12               7th:         Bryan Thrift, Shelby, N.C., 10 bass, 23-9               8th:         Christopher Brasher, Longview, Texas, 10 bass, 23-3               9th:         Mud Hole Custom Tackle pro John Cox, DeBary, Fla., nine bass, 23-2               10th:       Keith Bryan, Novato, Calif., 10 bass, 23-2               11th:       Johnny McCombs, Morris, Ala., 10 bass, 22-14               12th:       Matt Stefan, Junction City, Wis., 10 bass, 22-13               13th:       Tim Frederick, Leesburg, Fla., 10 bass, 22-10               14th:       Daniel Kweekul, Bryant, Ark., nine bass, 22-5               15th:       Jeff Dobson, Bartlesville, Okla., 10 bass, 22-4               16th:       Drew Montgomery, Maiden, N.C., 10 bass, 22-2                17th:       Quaker State pro Scott Canterbury, Springville, Ala., 10 bass, 21-10               18th:       Scott Ashmore, Broken Arrow, Okla., eight bass, 21-2               19th:       Joseph Webster, Fulton, Miss., 10 bass, 21-2               20th:       Bradley Dortch, Atmore, Ala., 10 bass, 21-2 For a full list of results visit FLWFishing.com. Ashmore earned the Big Bass award on the pro side Friday, weighing a 5-pound, 3-ounce largemouth to win the $500 prize. Overall there were 651 bass weighing 1,208 pounds, 10 ounces caught by 153 pros Friday. The catch included 97 five-bass limits. Charley Slaton of Valliant, Oklahoma, won the co-angler division and $20,000 Friday with a two-day total of nine bass weighing 17 pounds, 15 ounces, followed by Billy Messer of Spartanburg, South Carolina, who finished in second place with 10 bass weighing 17 pounds, 14 ounces, worth $7,550. The top 10 co-anglers on Beaver Lake finished:               1st:          Charley Slaton, Valliant, Okla., nine bass, 17-15, $20,000               2nd:         Billy Messer, Spartanburg, S.C., 10 bass, 17-14, $7,550               3rd:         Ken Harp, Springdale, Ark., 10 bass, 17-11, $5,000               4th:         Michael Allbright, Athens, Texas, 10 bass, 17-4, $4,000               5th:         Rich Dalbey, Greenville, Texas, eight bass, 17-4, $3,000               6th:         Chuck Kavros, Grass Valley, Calif., eight bass, 16-6, $2,500               7th:         Mark Howard, Mesquite, Texas, eight bass, 16-3, $2,000               8th:         Scott Parsons, Rogers, Ark., eight bass, 16-2, $1,800               9th:         Gary Haraguchi, Redding, Calif., 10 bass, 15-5, $1,700               10th:       Drew Barnes, Bella Vista, Ark., nine bass, 15-4, $1,600 Dennis Crawford of Rogers, Arkansas, earned $250 for the Big Bass award in the co-angler division with a 4-pound, 6-ounce bass. Overall there were 325 bass weighing 552 pounds, 3 ounces caught by 125 co-anglers Friday. The catch included 19 five-bass limits. In FLW Tour competition, pros and co-anglers are randomly paired each day, with pros supplying the boat, controlling boat movement and competing against other pros. Co-anglers fish from the back deck against other co-anglers. The full field of 322 anglers competed Thursday and Friday. Co-angler competition concluded following Friday’s weigh-in, while the top 20 pros based on their two-day accumulated weight advance to Saturday. Only the top 10 pros continue competition Sunday, with the winner determined by the heaviest accumulated weight from the four days of competition. Throughout the season, anglers are also vying for valuable points in hopes of qualifying for the 2017 Forrest Wood Cup, the world championship of professional bass fishing. The 2017 Forrest Wood Cup will be on Lake Murray in Columbia, South Carolina, Aug. 11-13. The FLW Tour has visited Beaver Lake 18 times previously, with 2017 marking the 19th visit in FLW’s 22-year history. The total purse for the FLW Tour at the Beaver Lake presented by General Tire is more than $800,000, including $10,000 through 50th place in the Pro Division. The tournament is hosted by Visit Rogers. Anglers will take off from the Prairie Creek Park Boat Ramp located at 9300 N. Park Road in Rogers at 6:30 a.m. each day of competition. Saturday and Sunday’s final weigh-ins, originally scheduled to be held at Walmart in Rogers, have been moved lakeside to Prairie Creek Park due to inclement weather being forecast for the weekend. They will begin at 4 p.m. Prior to the weigh-ins Saturday and Sunday, FLW will host a free Fishing Expo at Prairie Creek Park from noon to 4 p.m. each day. The Expo is a chance for fishing fans to meet their favorite anglers, enjoy interactive games, activities and giveaways provided by FLW sponsors, and learn more about the sport of fishing and other outdoor activities. Television coverage of the FLW Tour at Beaver Lake presented by General Tire will premiere in high-definition (HD) on NBC Sports Network (NBCSN) June 18 from 6 a.m.-7 a.m. EDT. The Emmy-nominated „FLW” television show airs on NBCSN, the Pursuit Channel and the World Fishing Network and is broadcast to more than 564 million households worldwide, making it the most widely distributed weekly outdoors-sports television show in the world. For complete details and updated information visit FLWFishing.com. For regular updates, photos, tournament news and more, follow us on Facebook at Facebook.com/FLWFishing and on Twitter at Twitter.com/FLWFishing. About FLW FLW is the world’s largest tournament-fishing organization, providing anglers of all skill levels the opportunity to compete for millions in prize money in 2017 across five tournament circuits. Headquartered in Benton, Kentucky, with offices in Minneapolis, FLW conducts more than 274 bass-fishing tournaments annually across the United States and sanctions tournaments in Canada, China, Mexico, South Africa and South Korea. FLW tournament fishing can be seen on the Emmy-nominated “FLW” television show, broadcast to more than 564 million households worldwide, while FLW Bass Fishing magazine delivers cutting-edge tips from top pros. For more information visit FLWFishing.com and follow FLW at Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube and Snapchat. # # # Attachments: A photo accompanying this announcement is available at http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/547c19ac-9c0f-406a-a151-d57a859d04f5 Attachments: A photo accompanying this announcement is available at http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/2fda586f-cda9-4883-8564-40c2256f43db 
Joseph Opager
                    Fishing League Worldwide (FLW)
                    (218)-434-0748
                    joseph.opager@flwfishing.com
                    
 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fit Small Business names The Boca Raton CPA Best Accounting Blogs of 2017 Next PostNext Seven Pillars Acting Studio Opens This June in Valley Village Search Recent Posts Walton Edgemont Development Corporation and Certain Canadian Affiliates Granted CCAA Order to Pursue Restructuring Plan Walton Ontario Land L.P.1 and Certain Canadian Affiliates Granted CCAA Order to Pursue Restructuring Plan Google News – satPRnews 2017-04-30 02:00:39 Disney Wonder Becomes First Passenger Vessel To Transit New Panama Canal Locks Coughlin Secures No.1 Qualifying Position at NHRA J&A Service Pro Mod racing Series Event at NHRA Four-Wide Nationals Proudly powered by WordPress
Sections News Photo Store Archives 100 Years Ago Obituaries Senior Scene Cops and Courts Business National World Sports Penn State Joe Maddon Fall Preview 2016 Wildlife Best Of PNC Field Video National Opinion Editorials & Columns Letters Capitol Matters John Cole cartoons Community Calendar Out & About Our Towns Parade Games Arts Calendar Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Contact Presspass Become a carrier Activate Contact Us My Subscription E-EDITION Print Advertising e-Edition Subscribe ALL ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Standard-Speaker All Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week. Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital e-Edition of The Standard-Speaker on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at standardspeaker.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device or email, read the e-Edition, sign up for daily newsletters, activate your all access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Opinion • Community • Classifieds • Contact • e-Edition • Marketplace W. Hazleton man nabbed in bail scam By Amanda Christman / Published: April 29, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     A West Hazleton man stole from a Florida resident victimized through a bail scam, court papers say. Anthony Mercado, 22, Putnam Street, faces felonies for dealing in proceeds of unlawful activity, theft by deception and receiving stolen property by state police at Hazleton. He was taken to jail after failing to post $50,000 bail set during his preliminary arraignment before Magisterial District Judge James Dixon, Hazle Twp., on Friday. Arrest papers state the victim, who lives in Sarasota, was contacted by a person posing as a public defender Feb. 7. The con man allegedly advised the victim that his grandson had been arrested and needed $2,100 to avoid being jailed. The victim was initially instructed to send the money to a bondsman named Anthony Mercado at a location in York, court papers state. But a short time later the victim received a second call stating Mercado wasn’t available and that the money should instead be directed to another bondsman via MoneyGram to Wal-Mart in Hazle Twp. Police in Florida looked into the victim’s complaint and determined the calls were fraudulent. Troopers said they retrieved video surveillance from Wal-Mart showing a female picking up the money at the store. When troopers interviewed that woman, they learned that Mercado had asked her to pick up the transaction because he didn’t have a valid driver’s license. He paid her $100 for driving him to the store and picking up the money, court documents state. He then allegedly instructed her to drive to a check-cashing business on Wyoming Street where she was told to wire the money to the Dominican Republic. Contact the writer: achristman@standardspeaker .com; 570-501-3584 We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 21 North Wyoming Street Hazleton, PA 18201 1-570-455-3636 CONTACT US Copyright ©2017 The Standard Speaker PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS COMMUNITY BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND HAZLETON JOBS Facebook Twitter      
Contact Us Member LoginRegister New Account My 24-7 Press Release Account Media Desk for Journalists, Bloggers & Readers Products & Services Press Release Distribution Pricing & Distribution Plans Why Choose 24-7 Press Release? Where Does Your News Go? Take a Tour Editorial/Submission Guidelines Press Release Writing Writing Services Agency PReferred Program What is Agency PReferred Become an Agency PReferred Client News Releases Select News Type Today's News News by Industry News with Video Search News News by Date News Releases 2017 News Releases 2016 News Releases 2015 News Releases 2014 News by RSS RSS Feed Top News Industry Arts & Entertainment Business Computer Consumer Education Environment Fashion Home & Family Home & Garden Industry Internet Law & Legal Lifestyle Medical Sports Technology Media Desk Journalists, bloggers, and readers can now access our exclusive Media Desk for enhanced, personalized news searching and tracking. Partners Become a Syndication Partner Real-Time News Content Hosted Content Delivery Solutions News Widget RSS Host Content on Your Server FTP/XML Data Feed Apply Now Knowledge Base FAQ We have all answers to your questions about our products and services. VIDEOS Watch our videos to learn about what we have to offer. ARTICLES Our articles will guide you in writing attractive and successful press releases. DOCUMENTS View our help documents for tips and resources. Company About Us About 24-7 Press Release Executive Team Clients Newsletter Newsletter Sign-Up Affiliate Program Become an Affiliate What's New Newsroom Blog Testimonials What Our Customers Say Submit a Testimonial Toll Free Telephone 1-888-880-9539 Hours of Business M-F 8:30am - 5:00pm PST Follow Us Through Social Media All Press Releases for April 29, 2017 » Email This Story Printer Friendly PDF Version RSS Feed Thinoptics Partners With Quincy Jones To Launch Curated Collection Benefitting Three Transformative Philanthropic Organizations Innovative reading glasses brand teams up with musician & renowned humanitarian Quincy Jones for key charity event.     LAS VEGAS, NV, April 29, 2017 /24-7PressRelease/ -- ThinOPTICS, the innovative eyewear company that transformed reading glasses with its compact stemless lenses, is partnering with Jazz Musician, Quincy Jones, to launch their latest socially-conscious campaign, The Quincy Jones ThinOPTICS Curated Collection. On April 27th, the Quincy Jones Curated Collection will launch at the Keep Memory Alive's Power of Love Gala in Las Vegas that is held annually to help fund research for a variety of degenerative brain diseases. This star-studded fundraiser donates proceeds to the Cleveland Clinic Lou Ruvo Center for Brain Health and will honor Ronald O. Perelman and feature performances from such A-listers as Gwen Stefani and Jon Bon Jovi. Eager to aid Keep Memory Alive and their Patient and Caregiver programs through fundraising efforts, ThinOPTICS will be donating glasses from the Quincy Jones Curated Collection to every guest at the Power of Love Gala. Additionally, a portion of the profits from online sales of the collection will be split between Keep Memory Alive, ArtLifting and the Quincy Jones Foundation. "My partnership with ThinOPTICS truly makes my soul smile...a portion of the sales from our ThinOPTICS collection positively impacts lives through art, while also giving the gift of clear vision!" says Jones regarding this altruistic collaboration. ThinOPTICS began working with social enterprise and benefit corporation, ArtLifting, in December to create a line designed by artists impacted by homelessness or disabilities. Since the launch of that partnership, ThinOPTICS has made extensive donations to benefit ArtLifting artists and the program itself and the upcoming Quincy Jones Curated Collection will continue to aid this cause by featuring six colorful selections designed by ArtLifting artists - Charles Blackwell, Douglas Pendleton and Billy Megargel- each handpicked by Quincy. Named by Time Magazine as one of the most influential jazz musicians of the 20th century, Quincy Jones is widely praised for his brilliant musical abilities and far-reaching philanthropic endeavors in years past. Through The Quincy Jones Foundation, Jones provides restoration support in the Gulf Coast and financial resources for initiatives that work to eradicate global children's issues in areas of conflict, malaria, and clean water shortages. "Beyond designing eyewear that enhances the lives of our customers, ThinOPTICS is a brand that is committed to making a difference," says ThinOPTICS Co-founder and VP of Marketing Darren Lancaster. "We are so glad to be able to benefit these three impactful philanthropic institutions that fully align with ThinOPTICS' mission to serve the greater good." The Quincy Jones Curated Collection can be purchased at http://www.thinoptics.com/quincy and each unique design retails for $29.95. About ThinOPTICS ThinOPTICS entered the market in 2014 and was launched by a passionate team who believes that reading glasses users should be able to access their glasses at any given time. After 200 prototypes and countless trials, the ThinOPTICS team created the "stick anywhere, go everywhere" reading glasses that are as thin as two credit cards, weigh less than a nickel and easily attach to phones or can be slipped into a wallet, purse or pockets. The reading glasses can be purchased in three strengths: Low Range (+1.50D), Mid Range (+2.00D) and High Range (+2.50D). ThinOPTICS has shipped over 1.5 million glasses to over 170 countries to date and currently offers cases for Apple and Samsung phones, as well as in a Universal Pod and Keychain case. They can be purchased on the company's website and Amazon, but are also available in Walmart Optical, Target and Safeway stores, as well as over 1,000 Independent Specialty Retailers across the U.S. ThinOPTICS was named "Best in Class - Iconic Design" by Inc., "Best of CES 2015" by PCWorld and has been featured on CBS News Sunday Morning, Yahoo! Tech, FOX News, Real Simple, Refinery29 and more. For additional information on ThinOPTICS, please visit http://www.thinoptics.com. About Keep Memory Alive Keep Memory Alive, whose mission is to provide enhanced treatment and ultimately cures for patients and their families suffering from neurocognitive disorders, raises awareness and funds in support of the Cleveland Clinic Lou Ruvo Center for Brain Health. By supporting Keep Memory Alive and its fight against neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer's, Huntington's, Parkinson's, frontotemporal dementia, multiple sclerosis and multiple system atrophy, we can ensure progress towards better treatments and ultimately cures will occur in Las Vegas. For additional information call (702) 263-9797 or visit http://www.keepmemoryalive.org. About The Quincy Jones Foundation The Quincy Jones Foundation provides restoration support in the Gulf Coast (post-Katrina) and raises awareness and financial resources for initiatives that work to eradicate global children's issues in areas of conflict, malaria, and clean water shortages. For more information please visit http://qjfoundation.org/. About ArtLifting ArtLifting empowers artists who are impacted by homelessness or disabilities through the celebration and sale of their artwork. ArtLifting is about creating opportunity, empowerment and validation, offering artists the chance to secure their own income through the sale of original paintings, prints and products. By showcasing and selling artwork via ArtLifting.com, artists gain self-confidence that permeates all aspects of their lives. Prior to starting ArtLifting, co-founder and Chief Happiness Spreader Liz Powers spent ten years working with homeless individuals and ran art programs in women's homeless shelters in Boston. She quickly recognized two things: an abundance of talent and strength in the artists with whom she worked and a missing avenue for these artists to share their work with a large audience. Teaming up with her brother, Spencer, Liz Powers decided that there was a way to both promote the great art she was discovering and make it profitable for the artist. For more information about ArtLifting, please visit http://www.artlifting.com. # # # Contact Information Danielle Kent ThinOPTICS Las Vegas, Nevada United States Voice: 213.988.8344 E-Mail: Email Us Here Like This Story? I like it! 0 Tweets Disclaimer If you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page. Please do not attempt to contact 24-7 Press Release Newswire. We are unable to assist you with any information regarding this release. 24-7 Press Release Newswire disclaims any content contained in this press release. Please see our complete Terms of Service disclaimer for more information. Pricing & Distribution Agency PReferred Program Syndicate Our News News Widget RSS Feeds Affiliate Program About Us Contact Us Today's News News by Industry FAQs Testimonials Business Directory Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Connect with 24-7 Press Release: Accelerate Business Exposure with 24-7 Press Release Service. © 2004-2017 24-7Pressrelease.com. All Rights Reserved.
Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Rewards Classifieds Homes Jobs Cars Biz Chattanooga, TN 72° View Live Radar Mon H 74° L 53° Tue H 80° L 56° Wed H 83° L 61° Weather Sponsored By: Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Search Classifieds Classifieds. Sell your Stuff Buy Stuff Biz. Offer your Services Find a Service Cars. Sell your Car Find a Car Cars Trucks Jobs. Post a Job Find a Job Homes. List your Property Find Property Find Rental Property HomeFinder Business Briefs: Apple ceases payments to Qualcomm for iPhone Business Briefs: Apple ceases payments to Qualcomm for iPhone April 29th, 2017 by staff and wire reports in Business Around the Region FILE - In this Sept. 16, 2016 file photo, Lisa Gao compares a new jet black iPhone 7, right, with her iPhone 6 at the Apple Store in Chicago. Qualcomm says Apple’s refusal to pay royalties related to technology used in smartphones will take a big bite out of its profit and revenue. Apple Inc. has sued Qualcomm, saying the chipmaker is abusing its control over essential technology and charging excessive licensing fees. Qualcomm says Apple has indicated that it won’t pay fees until the dispute is resolved. Representatives for the Cupertino, California-based iPhone did not immediately respond to a request for comment Friday, April 28, 2017. (AP Photo/Kiichiro Sato) Photo by The Associated Press /Times Free Press. TVA adds 700 workers for Sequoyah refueling After generating more than 13.5 billion kilowatt hours electricity over the past 18 months, the Tennessee Valley Authority began a scheduled refueling outage Friday on the Unit 2 reactor at its Sequoyah Nuclear Plant near Soddy-Daisy. TVA is bringing in an extra 700 utility and contract workers during the maintenance outage over the next several weeks. About 10,000 work activities are planned, including loading new fuel assemblies, performing inspections of reactor components, maintenance of plant equipment and installing unit enhancements. "Outages like this are vital to continuing nuclear power's role as a key supplier of reliable, low-cost, clean electricity to those we serve in the Tennessee Valley," said Tony Williams, Sequoyah's site vice president. Sequoyah Unit 2 is one of seven operational TVA nuclear reactors in Tennessee and Alabama which collectively supply about one third of TVA's power. Minority supply group honors local VW plant Volkswagen's Chattanooga operation has been named "Corporation of the Year" by the TriState Minority Supplier Development Council. Also, Edkedsha (KeeKee) Mathis, Volks- wagen Group of America's supplier diversity manager for purchasing, was named "Corporate Representative of the Year" by the organization. Volkswagen accepted the awards during the annual Impact Awards Dinner in Nashville. The group selected Volkswagen Chattanooga for providing minority business opportunities. "This recognition does not mean our work is done, but only reinforces our efforts. We remain dedicated to promoting a diverse future," said Christian Koch, Volkswagen Chattanooga's chief executive. May job fairs hire for hundreds of jobs The Georgia Department of Labor has scheduled hiring fairs next month to fill hundreds of jobs being added or replaced by area employers. On Tuesday from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m., Quality Staffing will try to hire 100 entry-level quality control employees to work in Rock Spring. The jobs will begin at $11 an hour. Nissan Brake in LaFayette, Ga., is recruiting 60 full-time manufacturing employees at a job fair next Thursday from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the Fort Oglethorpe City Hall, 500 City Hall Drive. Nissin is recruiting for casting technicians, industrial equipment maintenance workers and machine operators for jobs paying from $11 to $24 an hour. A job fair also is set for Thursday, May 11, from 3-7 p.m. at the Walker County Civic Center to hire workers for Amedisys Home Health and Hospice Care, Audia Plastics, Clumpies Ice Cream, Coca-Cola, Dixie Collision, Dollar General, EnviroGuard, Hammer Down OC, Hayes State Prison, Jimmy Simpson Foundation, Komatsu America Corp., Lake Winnepesaukah, Lookout Mountain Community Services, Mohawk Industries, Primary Health Care Centers, Quality Machine, Rock City, Roper Corp., Ruby Falls, Sprint, Shaw Industries, Vanguard National Trailer Corp., Victory Sign Industries LTD., Walker County Emergency Services, Walker County Sheriff Department, Walker State Prison and Wal-Mart. Apple ceases payments to Qualcomm for iPhone Apple is refusing to pay any royalties owed to mobile chip maker Qualcomm for some of the features in the iPhone, escalating a patent feud that has turned the former business partners into bitter adversaries. The latest twist in the dispute represents a major blow for Qualcomm, which depends on licensing fees for a large portion of its revenue. Apple's decision to withhold royalties will cost Qualcomm up to $500 million in the current quarter alone, based on revised revenue estimates that Qualcomm released Friday. "This is getting ugly, the level of hostility just went up another notch," said technology analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights and Strategy. As retaliation, Qualcomm could seek a court order halting iPhone sales until Apple pays the royalties that Qualcomm contends it's owed, Moorhead said. Employment costs up by most in a decade Wages and benefits paid to U.S. civilian workers grew steadily in the first three months of the year. The Employment Cost Index, which tracks wages and benefits, was up 0.8 percent in the first quarter, the Labor Department said Friday. That's the biggest quarterly growth since December 2007 and slightly faster than the 0.5 percent growth in the last quarter of 2016. Wages and salaries, which account for 70 percent of compensation costs, rose 0.8 percent. Benefit costs, which cover pensions and health insurance, increased 0.7 percent. The index has shown steady improvement as the U.S. unemployment rate has fallen to 4.5 percent. More Articles Read previous article Test Drive: Volkswagen Golf R full review Read next article Chattanooga area employers add 5,860 jobs in past year Chattanooga Times Free Press Loading... Latest Articles Why do medical costs keep outpacing inflation? Chattanooga State program boosts retention, success rates for minority students [photos] Highway 58 community forum highlights school engagement No festival strawberries from Tidwell's Berry Farms for first time in 33 years Rhea County native making cultural connections between Chattanooga and Tono, Japan [photos] UPDATE: Group rescued from blue hole swimming area after man fell from rope swing Spring thunderstorm blitzes through Chattanooga, damages homes, causes outages Severe thunderstorm hits Chattanooga area, cause damage Chattanooga firefighter charged with DUI after crash Three men arrested after holding friend inside home at gunpoint Report reveals new information about fired Chattanooga police officer [video] Chattanooga area residents, politicians, activists reflect on Trump's start
Whoa there! Looks like you're already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* resendLink *} Please resend verification. Thanks for verifying your email address You're now logged in. LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS Are you already a home delivery subscriber for PalmBeachPost.com? Yes, Link My AccountNo, I'm good Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Sign In OR Sign in using your PalmBeachPost.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your PalmBeachPost.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your PalmBeachPost.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. *Required {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Register *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account *Required {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Just One More Thing... We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your PalmBeachPost.com profile. If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on PalmBeachPost.com frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. Close Sign In It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. {# Show dss link in NP sites that have subscriptions_url set #} {% if subscriptions_url %} * LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS - Are you already a home delivery subscriber for {% site_setting friendly_name %}? Yes, Link My Account No, I'm good {% else %} Close {% endif %} {% include "includes/auth/janrain/signIn_traditional.html" with message='It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email.' %} Jobs Autos Homes Classifieds Help 77 1 0 open search clear Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Open menu open search clear 77 1 0 Subscribe now As low as 99¢ close menu Subscribe Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out close subnav open subnav Log Out Home News close subnav open subnav All News Breaking News Busin﻿ess Crime Booking Blotter Schools & Education Latest Videos Opinion Nation & World Mobile Alerts Email Newsletters Neighborhoods NEWS BLOGS Post on Politics Protecting Your Pocket Opinion Zone Real Time Malled! South Florida Retail Extra Credit Education West Palm Beat Eye on Palm Beach County All blogs MyPalmBeachPost close subnav open subnav All MyPalmBeachPost Local Community U.S. / World Politics Exclusives Sports Travel Food The Post's ePaper PREMIUM BLOGS Feast Palm Beach Post on Politics Real Time Frankly Florida Dave's Digital The Insider Weather close subnav open subnav All Weather Storm2017.com Interactive Radar Current Conditions Five-Day Forecast Follow Kim Weather+ App Storm2016.com Home Tropical Outlook Ocean Temps Tracking Map Life close subnav open subnav All Life Food & Dining Craft Beer Scene Ask Legal Experts Health Ask Health Experts Travel Hometown Destinations Notables Pets Offbeat Technology TAKE A BREAK Notables Games TV Listings CUSTOMER SERVICE Place an Announcement Place an Obituary Sports close subnav open subnav All Sports Scores & Schedules High Schools Dolphins Heat Marlins Hurricanes Gators Seminoles Recruiting Golf The Masters SPORTS BLOGS Daily Dolphin Heat Zone Fish Tank Canes Watch Gator Bytes Seminole Post FAU Focus High School Buzz From the Bunker Youth Sports Daily All blogs Things To Do close subnav open subnav All Things To Do Search Events Movie Showtimes Add an Event Latest Videos Dining TV Craft Beer Scene THINGS TO DO BLOGS Feast Palm Beach Featured The Pop File S. Florida Super Fun Team MORE Pets Travel More close subnav open subnav All More Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Autos Public Notices Historic Archive: 1916 -  Text Archive: 1989 -  Shopping My Local Home Design Ideas Palm Beach Post ePaper SERVICES Place a Celebration Obituary Notice Place a Classified Ad Digital Products Archives Newspapers in Education Ideabar Digital Marketing Reprints / Licensing Gallery Palm Beach 77 1 West Palm Beach, FL  33401 0 Traffic Conditions Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index Visitor Agreement Privacy Policy Contact Us ©2017 Cox Media Group Shortcuts Obituaries Newsletters Place a Classified Ad Subscribe Customer Care Real Estate Jobs Autos Contact Us Advertising Digital Products Explore these products PalmBeachPost.com MyPalmBeachPost.com Palm Beach Post ePaper PalmBeachDailyNews.com Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Developer, Lantana officials differ on millennials’ parking habits 0 Developer, Lantana officials differ on millennials’ parking habits 0 Alexandra Seltzer Palm Beach Post Staff Writer 5:19 p.m Friday, April 28, 2017 Local News 0 News View CaptionHide Caption Rendering of Water Tower Commons at the former A.G. Holley site in Lantana. (Handout: Mike Langolf) LANTANA Lantana officials and the development group for the incoming Water Tower Commons project are on the same page: Apartments will be part of the residential phase of the development, and they will be marketed toward millennials. But the driving habits of those millennials and how many parking spots they need is where the two sides differ, which has led to a delay in finalizing the residential part of the former A.G. Holley State Hospital land. The developers who are working with The Richman Group want to change the parking ratio from 2.5 spaces per unit to 2.0, saying the town’s code isn’t up to date with the current generation. Less parking would allow more green space, the group said. “They really don’t want to put all this additional asphalt down,” Ken Tuma, a principal with Urban Design Kilday Studios, said on behalf of the project at the April 24 meeting. But town councilmen say they don’t see how one person with one car is going to be able to afford a rent of at least $1,200 and up to $2,000 without someone else’s help, who would bring a second car, and maybe even a third person, with a third car. The proposed apartments are 1, 2 and 3 bedrooms. “I just don’t see how it’s feasible,” Mayor David Stewart said at the meeting. This week, the councilmen turned down the developer’s request for the 2.0 parking ratio, and said they’d allow a 2.15. The group asked the officials to reconsider, and they did. But a motion to accept their 2.0 request failed. The developers hope to come back to the council May 22 with a new proposal, Tuma said. The Commons project has been in the works since 2014, when Lantana Development, a partnership between Southeast Legacy, headed by Kenco Communities’ Ken Endelson, and Wexford Capital, bought the land. The group paid the state $15.6 million for more than 70 acres. Councilmen have already approved the commercial part of the project, which will include more than 100,000 square feet of retail with restaurants. In March, the developer announced the first store that will be part of the commercial project: A Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market. The market will also have a pharmacy. Residents and the council members have known a grocery store would be built, but have long wondered what it would be, with some hoping for a Trader Joe’s. In the residential portion, developers are allowed to build up 1,091 units. The apartments proposed are only one phase of that. The plan was for 360 units in nine 3- and 4-story buildings. Only the four-story buildings would have elevators. Tuma said The Richman Group’s research shows only 30 percent of 1-bedroom units have two cars, and said the town’s code reads as if 100 percent would have two cars. The group also asked for instead of one guest spot for every two apartments, they’d rather one spot for every four apartments. The apartments would come with a clubhouse, a fitness center, an outdoor kitchen area with barbecue grills, game lounges with pool tables, a resort-style pool, a dog park and other usable open green space, according to town documents. View Comments 0 Most Read Travis Rudolph: WPB native, FSU WR goes undrafted after father’s death | Seminole Post Reflections on the Miami Dolphins roster post free-agency, draft | The Daily Dolphin 13 Reasons Why: PBC schools blame Netflix series for suicidal students | Extra Credit Things To Do Add Event + See More Weather and Traffic 79 33401 1 0 Most Read Travis Rudolph: WPB native, FSU WR goes undrafted after father’s death | Seminole Post Reflections on the Miami Dolphins roster post free-agency, draft | The Daily Dolphin 13 Reasons Why: PBC schools blame Netflix series for suicidal students | Extra Credit Things To Do Add Event + See More More from palmbeachpost.com Topics News Sports Life News 11 zingers from Hasan Minhaj's White House Correspondents' Dinner speech Things to Do TO DO LIST: Tom Petty at Perfect Vodka; Snoop Dogg at SunFest News CARTOON Sports 2017 NHL Playoffs: Scores, schedule, live updates, results for Saturday (4/29/17) games Sports No. 5 Auburn baseball takes series, top spot in SEC West with Game 3 win in Starkville Sports NFL Draft 2017: Where Nebraska’s undrafted free agents ended up Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index Visitor Agreement Privacy Policy Contact Us ©2017 Cox Media Group Close SECTIONS NEWS SPORTS LIFE NEIGHBORHOODS CLASSIFIEDS THINGS TO DO VIDEOS PARTNERS FIND N SAVE KUDZU AUTOTRADER VALPAK PALM BEACH DAILY NEWS IDEABAR DIGITAL SERVICES SHORTCUTS OBITUARIES PLACE A CLASSIFIED AD CONTACT US CLASSIFIEDS REAL ESTATE JOBS AUTOS ADVERTISE WITH US PLACE AN ANNOUNCEMENT DIGITAL PRODUCTS CUSTOMER CARE SUBSCRIBE FUN GAMES FOLLOW US MOBILE ALERTS NEWSLETTERS FACEBOOK TWITTER INSTAGRAM YOUTUBE PINTEREST UTILITIES ARCHIVES MEMBER CENTER WEATHER TRAFFIC MAP PUBLIC NOTICES GALLERY PALM BEACH NEWSPAPERS IN EDUCATION REPRINTS / LICENSING INTERNSHIPS PRODUCTS PalmBeachPost.com - Get Palm Beach County's News Now myPalmBeachPost - Explore Exclusive Digital Extras and More ePaper - Read Today's Paper The Palm Beach Post - Real News Starts HereSubscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Print   Email   Font Resize Local News Communication with county of concern Comment from county planning commissioner sparks discussion at city council meeting By Sara Waite Journal-Advocate editor Posted:   04/28/2017 09:44:00 PM MDT The relationship between the Sterling Planning Commission and the Logan County Planning Commission was in the spotlight Tuesday night during the Sterling City Council meeting. During his report, City Manager Don Saling raised concern about a comment made at the last Logan County Planning Commission meeting by commission chair Dave Whitney. Whitney was talking about the requirement that when a permit application comes in for property along the city limits, the county is supposed to contact the city planning commission, and was quoted in the April 20 Journal-Advocate as saying, "whether they even want us to do that, 'cause I went to a meeting and they basically told me they didn't want anything to do with us." Saling said the comment raised some concerns "since we're trying to build a working relationship with the county and improving that relationship." " I guess I'm kind of asking if the city council would support communications to our planning commission to encourage them to have an open dialogue and a good communications process with Logan County," he said. "There are a lot of things that are happening on the edge of the city that will be coming to our planning commission as well as the city council, including a potential new big annexation and subdivision... I really think it's important to have good communications." Council member Bob McCarty expressed support for such a message to be sent to the planning commission. "We need to do everything we can to cooperate with the county," he said. Advertisement Mayor Dan Torres echoed that sentiment, saying "We need to work together." Both McCarty and Torres expressed surprise over Whitney's comment, with Torres saying "I couldn't believe it," and adding that he was concerned about that being the message the county planning commission chair took away from a meeting with the city planning commission. But at the last city planning commission meeting on April 5, commission member Linda Gebauer raised questions about a comment commission chair Stephen Bonham had made at the March 28 city council meeting about efforts to improve the relationship between the two commissions. Bonham told an unhappy Gebauer that he was speaking as an individual, not on behalf of the commission. She said she believed he should have done more to make clear he was not speaking for the commission. "This commission voted months ago that we were not going to pursue this line," she said. "It was evident the county certainly doesn't want to pursue this. And as I believe (Public Works Director) Mr. (George) Good had told us some time ago, if an issue comes up between the city and the county, that that is when there's communication, and there's meetings and that sort of thing." Other news from the city manager's report: • The Sterling Municipal Airport is now registered as an Aviation Development Zone (ADZ) with the Colorado Office of Economic Development and International Trade, which qualifies aviation manufacturing businesses with at least 10 full-time employees located within the zone for a state income tax credit of $1,200 per new employee. • Undergrounding of power lines along West Main Street between Walmart and Domino's is expected to start in the next few weeks. The bid for the project from Sturgeon Electric came in at $639,587, about $160,000 under estimate, and will be funded from the Xcel Energy 1 percent franchise agreement fee. • The Water Division is assisting on a water main replacement on N. Sixth Street. The contractor working on the roadway experienced numerous water main breaks and the decision was made to replace the line. • Scalva Farm recharge wells have been drilled and crews are setting up to do the piping and electrical work. • The annual citywide Spring Cleanup was running about two and a half days behind schedule due to the large amount of trash, weather conditions, and a truck breakdown. Saling also noted the Sterling Police Department's Drug Take Back Day from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday, and the I Am Healthy Northeast Health Fest at Sterling Middle School from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday. Sara Waite: 970-526-9310, swaite@journal-advocate.com Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED Overland Trail Bus Lines going to Ft. Lupton Heritage Fair Overland Trail Bus Lines going to Ft. Lupton Heritage FairOverland Trail Bus Lines is going to the Fort Lupton Heritage Fair on Saturday, May 6.   Full Story   MORE RELATED HEADLINES LIFT luncheon notes Theta Chapter of Delta Kappa Gamma hosts spring brunch   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Local News Sports Living Classifieds 74° Full Menu 74° Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals Harry Lynch Harry Lynch Garner Cleveland Record April 28, 2017 8:20 PM Crime Notes: April 20-26 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Garner arrests ▪  April 21, 12:45 p.m., Sabah Saudah Allah, 44, of 2109 Pelham Road, Raleigh, was charged with felony larceny and misdemeanor larceny. ▪  April 22, 4 a.m., Kasey Benton Burt-Anderson, 26, of 1069 Erwing Chapel Road, Dunn, was charged with simple drug possession and driving while impaired. ▪  April 22, 8:25 a.m., Richard James Medlin, 50, of 215 Benson Road, Garner, was charged with obtaining property by false pretense and financial card fraud. ▪  April 22, 3:05 p.m., Neicole Lorina Hardy-Noel, 41, of 518-8 Granite St., Raleigh, was charged with misdemeanor larceny. ▪  April 23, 12:30 a.m., Marcus Alexis Brown, 41, of 220 Snow Ave., Raleigh, was charged with second-degree trespassing. ▪  April 24, 11:30 p.m., Donald Leon Winberg, was charged with embezzlement and failure to appear in court on a charge of driving while his license was revoked. ▪  April 25, 6:45 p.m., Tonekia LaSharon Bowden, 19, of 5615 Quail Ridge Drive, Sanford, was charged with embezzlement. ▪  April 26, 6:40 p.m., Rene Jean Howard, 45, of Garner, was charged with assault inflicting serious injury. ▪  April 26, 11:55 p.m., Ezekiel Cleavon Dolby, 44, of 234-104 Westcroft Drive, Garner, was charged with driving while impaired. Garner incidents ▪  April 20, 4:22 p.m., a larceny was reported at Kohl’s on Shenstone Boulevard. Someone stole makeup and a hat valued at $131.06. ▪  April 20, 6:40 p.m., a larceny was reported at Kohl’s on Shenstone Boulevard. Someone stole clothes valued at $179.56. ▪  April 21, 10:12 a.m., a larceny was reported at Walmart on Fayetteville Road. Someone stole a TV valued at $550. ▪  April 21, 2:50 p.m., drug offenses were reported at East Garner Road and New Rand Road. ▪  April 22, 9:45 a.m., theft from a motor vehicle was reported in the 900 block of Wickerleaf Way. Someone stole a wallet and cash valued at $250. ▪  April 22, 5:28 p.m., an illegal weapon discharge was reported in the 1000 block of Southerlund Road. ▪  April 22, 9:45 p.m., a motor vehicle theft was reported in the 500 block of Plaza Circle. ▪  April 23, 2:40 a.m., a motor vehicle theft was reported in the 700 block of West Garner Road. ▪  April 25, 12:56 p.m., a larceny was reported at Lake Benson. Someone stole a kayak valued at $600. ▪  April 26, 3:04 p.m., a larceny was reported at Target on Timber Drive East. Someone stole clothing valued at $575.70. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 months ago Garner State of the Town address 5:17 3 months ago Garner State of the Town address 1:59 6 months ago Veterans experience the weddings they never had 1:45 6 months ago The heart and soul of Garner Football View More Video Garner Cleveland Record Wake Christian softball continues hot streak, downs North Raleigh Christian Garner police hope to start using body-worn cameras this summer Clayton’s Banks, East Wake duo win Greater Neuse River Conference tennis championships North Raleigh Christian girls soccer routs Wake Christian Garner’s Declan Newkirk wins NCHSAA Spirit of Sport Award Garner Cleveland Record Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 24-28, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of April 24-28, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – On Friday night, northbound traffic will be shifted to the two outside lanes beginning at 9 p.m. and the inside lane will be closed to traffic. This shift will allow the contractor to complete work in the median strip. Motorists traveling that section of Route 29 between 9 p.m. Friday and 6 a.m. Saturday should anticipate congestion and brief delays due to the traffic switch and associated work to restripe the pavement and realign traffic signal heads. Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane will be closed between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. on Tuesday and Wednesday while formwork is removed from the Berkmar Drive bridge. During the closure, residential and business entrances on Rio Mills Road can be accessed from Earlysville Road. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway. (UPDATE) Hillsdale Drive Extended – Line Drive is closed at Zan Road for construction of a roundabout. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org. (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ROUTE 632 (HICKORY RIDGE ROAD) WILL BE CLOSED AT ROUTE 1 NEXT WEEK IN SPOTSYLVANIA COUNTY – Culvert pipe installation will detour daytime traffic to Route 608 (Massaponax Church Road) from Monday, May 1 – Friday, May 5 Next PostNext TRAFFIC ALERT: 10th STREET CLOSURE IN ROANOKE SCHEDULED BETWEEN WILLAMSON ROAD AND ROUND HILL AVENUE BETWEEN WILLAMSON ROAD AND ROUND HILL AVENUE – Utility work is part of second 10th Street project Search Recent Posts Dual Capacity Established for Jason High Precision Ocean Altimetry Mission Metop-A celebrates 10 years in orbit and high impact on weather forecasts International science meeting discusses achievements and prospects for Ocean Altimetry EUMETSAT extends Metop-A lifetime, approves contract, and signs agreements for extracting new environmental products from observations of next generation satellites EUMETSAT and China National Space Administration sign framework agreement Proudly powered by WordPress
null
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: journalstar.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $13.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Contact us Sections News Local News Crime and Courts Nebraska Government and Politics Legislature Business National Records Sports Husker Extra Life in the Red High School Stars Saltdogs Outdoors Star City Sports National sports news Obituaries Photos Mugshots Opinion Entertainment Dining Games & Puzzles Movies Music People Performing Arts Calendar TV Listings Lifestyles Food and Cooking Home and Garden Faith and Values Star City Health Celebrate Nebraska! Puzzles L Magazine Neighborhood Extra Weather Lincoln Journal Star e-Edition Buy and Sell Buy & Sell Business Directory Today's Print Ads Today's Deal Coupons Weekly Ads Autos Homes Jobs Contacts Search Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 40° Lincoln, NE (68508) Today Cloudy and windy with periods of rain. Temps nearly steady in the upper 30s. Winds NNE at 25 to 35 mph. Chance of rain 100%. Rainfall around a half an inch.. Tonight A steady rain in the evening. Showers continuing late. Snow may mix in. Low 34F. Winds NNW at 15 to 25 mph. Chance of rain 90%. Rainfall near a quarter of an inch. Updated: April 30, 2017 @ 1:54 am Full Forecast News Huskers Obituaries Mugshots Buy & Sell Close 1 of 6 Buy Now TESS WILLIAMS, Journal Star Children pet the lion dance performer Saturday during Lincoln Unites at Auld Pavilion.  Buy Now TESS WILLIAMS, Journal Star Layla Mock, 4, and Isatu Jalloh, 4, reach out to pet the lion dancer from the DMNV Lion Dance Team Saturday during Lincoln Unites at the Auld Pavilion.  Buy Now TESS WILLIAMS, Journal Star Chris Detleer and his children, Alexander and Olivia, laugh as they pet one of the lion dancers who performed during Lincoln Unites Saturday at Auld Pavilion.  Buy Now TESS WILLIAMS, Journal Star Anthony Nguyen plays a drum during the DMNV Lion Dance Team's performance Saturday at Auld Pavilion during the Lincoln Unites celebration.  Buy Now TESS WILLIAMS, Journal Star Anthony Nguyen plays a drum during the DMNV Lion Dance Team's performance Saturday at Auld Pavilion during the Lincoln Unites celebration.  Buy Now TESS WILLIAMS, Journal Star Alexander Detleer and sister Olivia reach out to pet a lion dancer during the performance at the Auld Pavilion Saturday during the Lincoln Unites celebration.  Culture celebrated as Lincoln Unites welcomes immigrants TESS WILLIAMS Journal Star Apr 29, 2017 Updated 2 hrs ago (…) Buy Now TESS WILLIAMS, Journal Star Children pet the lion dance performer Saturday during Lincoln Unites at Auld Pavilion.  Buy Now TESS WILLIAMS, Journal Star Layla Mock, 4, and Isatu Jalloh, 4, reach out to pet the lion dancer from the DMNV Lion Dance Team Saturday during Lincoln Unites at the Auld Pavilion.  Buy Now TESS WILLIAMS, Journal Star Chris Detleer and his children, Alexander and Olivia, laugh as they pet one of the lion dancers who performed during Lincoln Unites Saturday at Auld Pavilion.  Buy Now TESS WILLIAMS, Journal Star Anthony Nguyen plays a drum during the DMNV Lion Dance Team's performance Saturday at Auld Pavilion during the Lincoln Unites celebration.  Buy Now TESS WILLIAMS, Journal Star Anthony Nguyen plays a drum during the DMNV Lion Dance Team's performance Saturday at Auld Pavilion during the Lincoln Unites celebration.  Buy Now TESS WILLIAMS, Journal Star Alexander Detleer and sister Olivia reach out to pet a lion dancer during the performance at the Auld Pavilion Saturday during the Lincoln Unites celebration.  The wait is finally over for Mayme Myint. On Saturday, Myint and 40 other immigrants officially became U.S. citizens. For nearly 20 years, Myint dreamed of becoming an American. After civil war broke out in Myanmar, Myint and her family fled to Thailand. They lived for years cramped in a small, bamboo hut at a refugee camp.  Life inside the camp was a nightmare, she said. There wasn't enough food, there was no work, and minimal opportunities for education. People in the camp were not allowed to leave, either. She remembers her father sneaking out to forage bamboo and anything edible to feed the family. Sometimes, he was able to get away with working in a nearby village, but there were limited opportunities and minimal wages. "They can pay you whatever they want because they know you're from the refugee camp," she said. "So you work very hard all day and get hardly any money." Her father left to find work in Bangkok, and during that time, Myint's mother began the process of applying to come to America. The family at one time decided to cancel the application, but then reapplied.  When the application was approved, Myint had just turned 18 and her mother encouraged her to move to America, promising to follow soon.  Myint arrived in Pittsburgh in 2008. Not only was she living on her own for the first time and adjusting to a completely new culture, but she didn't speak English either. "It was so hard for me," she said. "At the camps, they don't really teach you any English." She watched lessons online and with the encouragement of her boss, worked toward her GED.  She moved to Virginia, where her mother and siblings joined her in 2013. They later moved to Lincoln to reunite with a friend. Her father was unable to immigrate with the family because he was not in the camp when they applied. It is unlikely that he'll be able to join the family because he's moved back to Myanmar. Myint said he would need to be living in a refugee camp to apply and then would have to wait there for the next five or more years while the application was processed. Myint hopes to visit him next year. During Saturday's naturalization ceremony at the Van Brunt Visitors Center, Myint blinked back tears.  "I was so happy, but I had to just relax; it was amazing that it was finally here," she said. After the ceremony, the second annual Lincoln Unites celebration was held at Auld Pavilion. The event featured 15 interactive booths, food and performances. Christa Yoakum started the event last year as a way to bring different cultures together. Yoakum is coordinator of Nebraska is Home, which is part of the nonprofit Nebraska Appleseed.  "It grew out of seeing the importance of bringing people together and really part of a national movement of being more aware of how to be welcoming and inclusive in our communities," Yoakum said. "If we want people to succeed, we have to be welcoming." Volunteers from the New American Task Force helped plan the event. Many of the those who went through the naturalization ceremony attended. For many, becoming a citizen is only the first step. American Assad, who went through the naturalization ceremony, hopes to see his wife attend college. His family moved from Iraq and he hopes to create a better future for his wife and children. Myint plans to attend college this year and hopes to become a nurse and care for the elderly. She worked for the Center for People in Need through AmeriCorps before her current job working as a cashier at Wal-Mart. "I like to take care of people, and I want to work in a nursing home. ... When I was younger and I lived in the camp, I used to take care of my grandmother before she died," Myint said. Coming to America has given her opportunities that were impossible while living in the refugee camp or even in Myanmar. "My mom has friends in Thailand and Burma (Myanmar), and when they ask about America, she says, 'Life in America is just like heaven.' We love it here." Like what you just read? Subscribe today for the best in-depth coverage of local news, sports and entertainment. View our subscription options Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 More information +3 How to welcome home the Vietnam vets on Monday There will be tears at the Lincoln airport. And flags and food and music and more tears and, because organizers are expecting upward of 7,000 … Cindy Lange-Kubick: Sitting down with Mrs. Little, remembering sweet corn, hard work and the smell of fresh earth Lincoln climate march draws hundreds of protesters Tags Mayme Myint Lincoln Unites New American Task Force Iraq United States Christa Yoakum Auld Pavilion Center For People Van Brunt Visitor's Center Sociology Military Economics Politics Opportunity Immigrant America Myanmar Refugee Camp Latest galleries Photos: Huskers need extra innings, but complete softball sweep of Northwestern Photos: Huskers edge Cats on a cold night at Bowlin Photos: PRCA Championship Rodeo at Pinnacle Bank PhotoFiles: A roller coaster and thrill rides at Capitol Beach Your daily 6: A magic stamp, a posh bathroom and a surprise from Jack Sparrow Photos: Host of teams compete at Capital City Invitational Most Popular Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Custom Blinds And Design Lincoln Marketing Group 6101 S 56Th St, Lincoln, NE 68516 A & A Contracting Serving Lincoln and the Surrounding Areas, Lincoln, NE 68526 Ads Nebraska Bank Of Commerce 6000 Village Drive Ste. 100, Lincoln, NE 68516 O'Brien's Lawn Service Inc Proudly serving Lincoln and the surrounding communities, Lincoln, NE 68510 Ads Business Directory Latest Local Offers Douglas Baehr Salon 20% off new clients for Mercedes & Chelsea at Douglas Baehr Salon! Click here for more information. Updated Apr 27, 2017 Hall Brothers Tree Service Are you ready to have those trees removed from your yard? Call Hall Brothers Tree Service today to get started! 402-840-3133 Updated Apr 27, 2017 Currents Data What are the 22 most dangerous jobs? +14 Election Live 'I'll be praying for you:' Americans write the president on his first 100 days Family The 10 best genealogical DNA testing providers Today's Birthdays, April 29: Jerry Seinfeld Johnny Depp surprises Disneyland guests as Jack Sparrow in Pirates of the Caribbean ride Today’s top pics: King's Day celebrations in Netherlands and more Your daily 6: A magic stamp, a posh bathroom and a surprise from Jack Sparrow Dodgers scored 4 in the ninth to beat Phillies 6-5 Myers' HR highlights big inning as Padres top Giants 12-4 Reynolds leads Rockies' comeback over Diamondbacks Katherine Heigl: My life's not perfect 1:30 Food and Cooking Freezer-Prep Chicken Pot Pies 1:37 Football NFL Draft: Vikings Recap 2:04 Football NFL Draft grades 0:42 Football NFL Draft: Where did the Ohio State players land? Topics & Features Buy & Sell Today's Deal Mugshots Calendar Recycling Online Features Tools & Services Subscriber Services Advertise Lincoln Journal Star e-Edition RSS Alerts Contact us Services © Copyright 2017 The Lincoln Journal Star, 926 P Street Lincoln, NE | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
PBS NEWSHOUR WATCH politics Shields and Brooks Supreme Court Vote 2016 Politics Monday arts Art Beat Poetry Photo Essays nation Supreme Court Race Matters Essays Brief But Spectacular world Social Entrepreneurship economy Making Sen$e Social Security Ask the Headhunter Paul Solman science Science Wednesday Innovation and Invention Miles O’Brien health Long-Term Care education Teachers Teachers’ Lounge Student Reporting Labs teachers The Rundown TV SCHEDULE ABOUT US FEEDBACK PRESS SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS THE RUNDOWN SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US TOPICS > Nation Corporations go overseas to avoid U.S. taxes April 29, 2017 at 5:19 PM EDT 214343214344214344Corporations go overseas to avoid U.S. taxesOn Wednesday, the Trump administration announced a portion of its tax plan, including a cut in the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to a 15 percent. The plan aims to bring revenue back into the country from U.S. companies holding it overseas in order to avoid paying taxes. Newshour Weekend Special Correspondent Patricia Sabga reports.2017-04-29 03:30 pmdisabled30004146933yLQs8lv7LA214362214361http://www.pbs.org/newshour/bb/climate-marchers-urge-trump-protect-environment/Climate marchers urge Trump to protect environmentAs President Donald Trump reached the 100th day of his presidency, tens of thousands of people gathered in Washington, D.C., for the People’s Climate March, with similar demonstrations around the country. Protesters called for environmental protections even as Trump has proposed cutting funding for science programs and signed an executive order to expand offshore drilling for oil in the Arctic.2017-04-29 12:00 amhttp://d3i6fh83elv35t.cloudfront.net/newshour/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/RTS14HJH-e1493501498544-320x196.jpg3000415594n7igAHbqEyQ214355214354http://www.pbs.org/newshour/bb/presidents-first-100-days-actually-tells-us/What a president’s first 100 days actually tells usApril 29 marks President Donald Trump’s 100th day in office, a common benchmark for measuring the achievements of incoming presidents. The standard was set by President Franklin Delano Roosevelt, whose leadership in 1933 pushed a flurry of major legislation through Congress. NewsHour Weekend Special Correspondent Jeff Greenfield joins Megan Thompson for analysis.2017-04-29 04:50 pmhttp://d3i6fh83elv35t.cloudfront.net/newshour/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/RTS13WDO-e1493220640320-320x196.jpg30004154936BjGsmfyofQ214349214348http://www.pbs.org/newshour/bb/looking-back-la-riots-beating-rodney-king/Looking back at LA riots after beating of Rodney KingTwenty-five years ago, parts of Los Angeles erupted with anger after four white police officers who were filmed beating motorist Rodney King with batons were acquitted of assault. Riots lasted for five days, left 63 people dead and destroyed or damaged more than 1,000 buildings. Marymount University professor Fernando Guerra joins Megan Thompson for more.2017-04-29 04:22 pmhttp://d3i6fh83elv35t.cloudfront.net/newshour/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/GettyImages-120067484-320x196.jpg3000415167mueJbS6q5mc On Wednesday, the Trump administration announced a portion of its tax plan, including a cut in the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to a 15 percent. The plan aims to bring revenue back into the country from U.S. companies holding it overseas in order to avoid paying taxes. Newshour Weekend Special Correspondent Patricia Sabga reports. COMMENTS EMAIL SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY MORE VIDEO Climate marchers urge Trump to protect environment What a president’s first 100 days actually tells us Looking back at LA riots after beating of Rodney King EMAIL LISTEN https://d3i6fh83elv35t.cloudfront.net/newshour/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/PNWE20170429_Tax_Inversions_WEB.mp3SEE PODCASTS By Zachary Green and Ivette Feliciano PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: My economic team is developing historic tax reform… PATRICIA SABGA: From the White House to Capitol Hill, Republicans are determined to lower the 35 percent corporate tax rate — the highest of any developed economy. Matt Gardner is a Senior Fellow with the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy, a liberal, Washington-based think tank. MATT GARDNER: The biggest, most profitable corporations are now finding it almost routine to escape paying the 35 percent tax. In some cases, they’re easily finding ways to avoid paying any income tax at all. PATRICIA SABGA: That’s because even though the U.S. taxes income earned anywhere in the world, the tax code allows American companies to defer paying taxes on income earned by their foreign subsidiaries indefinitely, as long as the profits are not returned to the parent company in the U.S. Here’s a simple example: An American company that earns 1 billion dollars in profits on sales in the United States would face a U.S. tax bill of 350 million dollars before deductions, credits and write-offs. But if the company records those profits to an overseas subsidiary in say, Ireland, where the corporate tax rate is only 12.5% — it would owe the Irish government 125 million dollars before any adjustments, and nothing to the U.S Treasury as long as the money is not brought home. PATRICIA SABGA: When a major corporation basically shifts a lot of its profits overseas how then do ordinary Americans end up footing the bill? MATT GARDNER: The most direct way is through large scale spending cuts, less direct spending on all the things that make the United States a good place to live: healthcare, transportation, education, all the public services that we find most vital. PATRICIA SABGA: One legal maneuver companies use to minimize their U.S. tax bill is to sell or license intangible assets, like software or drug patents, to a lower tax foreign subsidiary. When a product made with that intellectual property is sold, the foreign subsidiary records the income. And because of that, U.S. taxes can be deferred. MATT GARDNER: We counted 10,000 tax haven subsidiaries among Fortune 500 corporations. Deferral creates a clear incentive for companies to shift their activities offshore, but more damagingly, it creates a clear incentive for them to pretend they’re shifting their activities offshore. PATRICIA SABGA: Pretending to shift activities offshore is also the main critique of another legal tactic known as an inversion. That’s when an American company changes its corporate citizenship by acquiring a firm based in a lower tax country or jurisdiction. Since the 1980s, more than 50 American companies have pulled this off…with 25 such deals in the past five years alone. Samsonite, the century-old luggage maker, moved its tax address from Massachusetts to Luxembourg, where the corporate tax rate is 19 percent. Restaurant Brands International, parent of fast-food chain Burger King, relocated its headquarters from Florida to Canada, where the corporate tax rate is 15 percent. But the number one destination for tax inversions is Ireland where at 12-and-half-percent, the corporate tax rate is nearly two-thirds lower than the U.S. The biggest company to change its tax address from the United States to Ireland is medical device maker Medtronic, which still maintains a hefty presence in its native Minnesota. Medtronic’s operational headquarters and its top executives are in the United States. But its official headquarters is here, in Dublin, Ireland, in that building behind me. That change of address was engineered two years ago, when Medtronic bought Covidian, an Irish-based medical device maker. This modest building in Dublin may be Medtronic’s global headquarters, but the company employs around 4-thousand people in Ireland, compared to more than 43-thousand in the United States. MATT GARDNER: They went out of their way to guarantee that they weren’t going to move employees out of Minnesota, that everything from a U.S. perspective would remain exactly as it was before. PATRICIA SABGA: Medtronic declined NewsHour Weekend’s request to be interviewed. In a written statement, the company said: “The Covidien acquisition was driven by a strategic decision to combine the companies and become the world’s premier medical technology and services company. The deal allows us to accelerate our three core strategies — therapy innovation, globalization, and economic value…” MINISTER CHARLIE FLANNIGAN: We don’t offer any sweetheart tax deals to any individual companies. PATRICIA SABGA: Ireland’s Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade, Charlie Flannigan, makes no apologies that 12 of the 20 biggest companies in Ireland have roots in the United States. He says multinational companies have brought hundreds of thousands of jobs to his country and pay their fair share of Irish taxes. MINISTER CHARLIE FLANNIGAN: We will continue with a very attractive rate of corporation tax. But we also offer something that perhaps might not be as evident in the United States, and that is a very skilled and adaptable workforce. PATRICIA SABGA: Veronique de Rugy is a Senior Fellow with the Mercatus Center at George Mason University — a conservative think tank partially funded by the Koch Brothers. She says corporate taxes ultimately fall on workers. VERONIQUE DE DERUGY: Economics 101 — we know now that the person writing the check is not necessarily the one shouldering the burden of the tax. 70 percent of the burden of the corporate income tax falls on the workers in the form of lower wages. PATRICIA SABGA: When the Trump Administration unveiled, its one-page outline for rewriting the tax code this week, it featured a cut in the corporate tax rate from 35 to 15 percent. The White House also wants a one-time “tax holiday” that would allow American companies to repatriate that 2.6 trillion dollars in overseas cash at a reduced, though as yet reduced rate. SECRETARY STEVEN MNUNCHIN: Which will bring back trillions of dollars that are offshore to be invested here in the United States to purchase capital and to create jobs. PATRICIA SABGA: In addition, the White House wants to stop taxing profits earned overseas. That’s also a staple of the tax reform blueprint put forward by House Speaker Paul Ryan and House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady. The Ryan-Brady plan would cut the corporate tax rate to 20 percent — not 15 — and would introduce a new tax on imports to offset the revenue loss. Republican Illinois Congressman Peter Roskam chairs the House Ways and Means Subcommittee on Tax Policy. REP. PETER ROSKAM: Tax cuts have to pay for themselves. Our argument is this will create growth, and that pays for itself. PATRICIA SABGA: The proposed new tax is called a Border Adjustment Tax — a 20 percent levy on imports, which Roskam says, will encourage companies to produce more in the U.S. and keep profits here. REP. PETER ROSKAM: Right now, if you’re a manufacturer in the Chicago area, if you’re in my constituency and you’re making a product, the cost of your product includes the income tax that the company pays for that. Then when it’s exported and it goes into another jurisdiction, it goes to, let’s say Germany, for example. The Germans move that in, and they tax it as well. Our weakness here is that the inverse is not true. So if you’re a German manufacturer, and you’re making something in Stuttgart, Germany, when it comes to the United States, we don’t tax it. So literally our products are double taxed, theirs are not taxed. PATRICIA SABGA: The CEOs of 16 American exporting giants which underpin millions of American jobs — including Boeing and Caterpillar — agree. In a letter to Congress, they said the border adjustment tax is a “critical element” of tax reform “that ensures goods and services produced abroad face the same tax burden as those produced in the United States.” But more than 100 American companies and trade groups that rely on cheap imports — including retailer Wal-Mart, which alone employs one-and-a-half million Americans — oppose a border adjustment tax. They say it would increase their costs, leaving them little choice but to raise prices for consumers. But Congressman Roskam says that’s unlikely, because a border adjustment tax will increase of the value of the dollar and effectively lower the cost of imports. Interview REP. PETER ROSKAM: As these border adjustment moves in, the dollar gets stronger. The price of imports gets lower, and we can make transition rules that are reasonable for companies. PATRICIA SABGA: Many economists, including Veronique de Rugy, question whether the dollar would rise sufficiently. Interview VERONIQUE DE DERUGY: The idea that the dollar will adjust not only perfectly and completely to the border adjustment tax but also quickly is an article of faith. PATRICIA SABGA: In February, President Trump said a border adjustment tax: “could lead to a lot more jobs in the United States.” But this week, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said the White House does not support it “in its current form.” The White House says its corporate tax cuts will pay for themselves through higher economic growth. But with many economists warning the plan could add trillions to the federal budget deficit, there are serious differences to bridge to parlay frustration with the corporate tax code into fundamental change. REP. PETER ROSKAM: We can’t stay here. This current tax code is a failure. There is a massive amount of money, and whether it’s $1 trillion, $2 trillion, $3 trillion, or $4 trillion, it’s too much money that’s stuck overseas. And we need to create an environment where that money can come back. SHARE ON FACEBOOK SHARE ON TWITTER SHARE VIA TEXT corporate tax corporations NewsHour Weekend president donald trump Are you aware of our comment policy? PBS NewsHour allows open commenting for all registered users, and encourages discussion amongst you, our audience. However, if a commenter violates our terms of use or abuses the commenting forum, their comment may go into moderation or be removed entirely. We reserve the right to remove posts that do not follow these basic guidelines: comments must be relevant to the topic of the post; may not include profanity, personal attacks or hate speech; may not promote a business or raise money; may not be spam. Anything you post should be your own work. The PBS NewsHour reserves the right to read on the air and/or publish on its website or in any medium now known or unknown the comments or emails that we receive. By submitting comments, you agree to the PBS Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, which include more details. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. READ THIS NEXT Why the U.S. pays more for health care than the rest of the world SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE PODCAST: ITUNES | XML HEADLINE FEEDS: XML | ALL Loading... READ MORE Loading... WATCH FULL BROADCASTS LISTEN FULL AUDIO PODCASTS SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY MOST READ MOST DISCUSSED 1 Seven unusual trends taking hold since Trump's inauguration 2 Shields and Brooks on Trump’s 100-day performance 3 Column: 6 questions to ask at every doctor’s appointment 4 Why the U.S. pays more for health care than the rest of the world 5 A self-made success? Let’s kill that myth 1 Shields and Brooks on Trump’s 100-day performance 2 A self-made success? Let’s kill that myth 3 Why the U.S. pays more for health care than the rest of the world 4 FCC chair Ajit Pai explains why he wants to scrap net neutrality 5 Can Arctic ecosystems survive without river icings? TOPICS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS TV LISTINGS ABOUT US PRESS FEEDBACK SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS © 1996 - 2017 NewsHour Productions LLC. All Rights Reserved. Support the kind of journalism done by the NewsHour... Become a member of your local PBS station.
null
Home Download News App Rebuilding Gatlinburg Live Video Channel 1 Channel 2 Traffic Map Incidents Weather Color The Weather 7 Day Forecast Alerts Forecast Hourly Radar School/Business Closings Web Cameras News Local Tennessee Kentucky National/World Consumer Investigations Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School Community Community Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes As Seen On WATE Good Morning Tennessee WATE 6 On Your Side News at 4:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:30 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 6:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 11:00 p.m. Report It! Send News Tips Meet the Team Contact Meet the Team Contact Us 64° F Clear Hi: 90° F Lo: 67° F Forecast Radar WebCams Menu Skip to content   Home News News Traffic Local Tennessee Kentucky Watercooler National/World Closings Food For Thought Consumer Investigations Rebuilding Gatlinburg Caring for Our Kids Knox County Blount County Sevier County Anderson County Hamblen County Campbell County Roane County Cumberland County Loudon County More Featured: Rebuilding Gatlinburg Latest Headlines Multiple vehicles involved in Jefferson County crash 1:39 am Authorities have responded to a crash involving multiple vehicles along Interstate 81 northbound near exit 4 in Jefferson County Saturday ni… Large industrial fire breaks out in Monroe County 12:54 am Multiple fire departments are responding to a large industrial fire at Tellico Port road in Vonore Saturday night according to Monroe County… Family of deadly Walmart shooting victim speak out 12:22 am One man stabbed in the throat in East Knoxville April 29, 2017 KPD: 1 man suffering serious injuries after hit and run April 29, 2017 Weather Weather Color The Weather Alerts Almanac Closings Current Conditions Current Temperatures Forecast Hour-by-Hour Radar Web Cameras Download the Knoxville Wx App More Current Conditions 64° F Clear Feels Like: 64° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 94% Dewpoint: 63° F Sunrise: 6:44 AM Sunset: 8:21 PM Knoxville Area Weather Forecast Radar WebCams 7-Day Sponsored by: Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School More Community News Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes Habitat For Humanity More As Seen On WATE Good Morning Tennessee WATE 6 On Your Side News at 4:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:30 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 6:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 11:00 p.m. Report It Watch Watch Now As Seen On WATE Television Schedule Find our Channel Hollywood Today LIVE Tennessee This Week More About Us Work For Us Contact Meet the Team Download our WATE 6 On Your Side apps Text Alerts Email Alerts Closings On Your Side Local Business Request a Tour Contests Advertising Search for: Search the site 64° F Clear Hi: 90° F Lo: 67° F NFL DRAFT: Dobbs, Malone, Reeves-Maybin drafted in fourth round By Marc Whiteman Published: April 29, 2017, 11:43 am Updated: April 29, 2017, 8:26 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) ATHENS, GA - OCTOBER 01, 2016 - quarterback Josh Dobbs #11 of the Tennessee Volunteers during the game between the Georgia Bulldogs and the Tennessee Volunteers at Sanford Stadium in Athens, GA. Photo By Craig Bisacre/Tennessee Athletics Philadelphia, PA. (WATE) – It took longer than expected, but Joshua Dobbs finally knows where he’s heading to begin his professional career. The Pittsburgh Steelers drafted Dobbs with the 135th overall pick in the fourth round of the 2017 NFL Draft on Saturday. Dobbs finished his decorated Tennessee career with 87 career touchdowns, second all-time at the University to only Peyton Manning. Dobbs joins freshman year roommate Cam Sutton in Pittsburgh. The Steelers drafted Sutton in the third round Friday night with the 94th overall pick. The quarterback will be given time to grow behind future Hall of Famer Ben Roethlisberger. The 35-year-old contemplated retirement this offseason, before ultimately opting to continue his career with the Steelers. Roethlisberger has helped lead the Steelers to two Super Bowl titles. Dobbs joins Jalen Reeves-Maybin (124th overall to Detroit) and Josh Malone (128th overall to Cincinnati) as the other Tennessee draft picks in the fourth round. Prior to Derek Barnett’s selection in the first round Thursday night, the Vols hadn’t had a player drafted since 2014. Vols drafted to the NFL 2017 View as list View as gallery Open Gallery Josh Malone drafted by Cincinnati in fourth round. 128th pick. Jalen Reeves-Mabin drafted by Detroit in fourth round. 124th pick. Alvin Kamara drafted by New Orleans. 67th pick, Cameron Sutton drafted by Pittsburgh. 94th pick, Pittsburgh drafts Josh Dobbs in fourth round 135th pick. Vols drafted to the NFL 2017 x Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Josh Malone drafted by Cincinnati in fourth round. 128th pick. Jalen Reeves-Mabin drafted by Detroit in fourth round. 124th pick. Alvin Kamara drafted by New Orleans. 67th pick, Cameron Sutton drafted by Pittsburgh. 94th pick, Pittsburgh drafts Josh Dobbs in fourth round 135th pick.           Latest Galleries PHOTOS: Operation Cash Me Outside PHOTOS: Clinton Walmart shooting PHOTOS: Kevin Steen MUGSHOTS: Knox County pawn shop arrests MUGSHOTS: Knox County pawn shop arrests PHOTOS: Padding on ‘Powell Lake’ PHOTOS: Counterfeit $50 bills PHOTOS: Powell High School flooding PHOTOS: Knoxville March for Science 2017 Rossini Festival Storms Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts The Latest: Saints end 1st round by taking Ryan Ramczyk Barnett, Dobbs and Vols ready to achieve NFL dream The Latest: Draft heads into third round What separates Myles Garrett from Derek Barnett? Advertisement « Previous Story Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WATE.com @WATESports on TwitterMy Tweets Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WATE.com © 1998-2017 WATE.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site News Knoxville, TN Weather Sports Community Report It Watch More County Anderson County Blount County Campbell County Claiborne County Cocke County Cumberland County Fentress County Grainger County Greene County Hamblen County Hancock County Hawkins County Jefferson County Knox County Loudon County McMinn County Monroe County Morgan County Roane County Sevier County Scott County Union County Station Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertising Terms and Conditions and Credit Policy Work For Us FCC Public File For problems with the FCC File EEO Public Filings Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Contests Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter US world science US politics business sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › US home US selected politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Kentucky Armed neo-Nazis prepare for potential clash in small Kentucky town Hate groups have come to tiny Pikeville in a bid for support, but locals fear a violent standoff between the neo-Nazis and anti-fascist protesters Neo-Nazi leader: ‘Trump is controlled by the Jewish lobby’ Kentucky Armed neo-Nazis prepare for potential clash in small Kentucky town Hate groups have come to tiny Pikeville in a bid for support, but locals fear a violent standoff between the neo-Nazis and anti-fascist protesters Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Lois Beckett in Pikeville, Kentucky @loisbeckett Saturday 29 April 2017 12.14 EDT Last modified on Saturday 29 April 2017 13.03 EDT In a tent deep in the woods of rural Kentucky, an old neo-Nazi spoke bitterly of how he feels “betrayed” by Donald Trump. “I’m sorry I voted for the son of a bitch, I really am,” said Art Jones, who the Anti-Defamation League identifies as a Holocaust denier who has been dressing in Nazi garb and celebrating Hitler since the 1970s. “I’m sorry I spent $180 out of my own pocket to buy three big banners that said, ‘President Trump, build the wall’,” the blazer-clad Jones said, to a tent full of about 100 men, some of whom wore paramilitary-style uniforms. “Now he says, ‘Eh, what wall?’ I’m embarrassed that I voted for him.” Jones blamed Trump’s failures on the “Jewish lobby” and the president’s son-in-law and aide, Jared Kushner, who is Jewish. “If I could take the vote back,” he said. “I would.” Facebook Twitter Pinterest The courthouse in Pikeville, Kentucky, where the neo-Nazi rally will take place. Photograph: Lois Beckett for the Guardian On Friday night, on a barren stretch of private property accessible only by a dirt road, black-clad young men with rifles roamed. Others wore a handgun or knife at the hip. Members of at least 10 racist hate groups had met to discuss how they could become more politically relevant. They were also there to prepare for an anticipated battle with self-identified anti-fascist or “antifa” groups on Saturday – the 100th day of the Trump presidency – in the streets of the tiny town of Pikeville. Pike County is 98% white; about 80% of voters there supported Trump. In choosing Pikeville for their rally, the neo-Nazis sought to attract white working families and build a more mainstream political movement, they said. Local residents and store managers said they were were furious, scared and resentful of the gathering. Ann Coulter cancels speech (again) – but battle for Berkeley's political soul rages on Read more Far-left and far-right groups that have clashed recently in Berkeley, Seattle and elsewhere. In Seattle, a protester was shot in the stomach. A rally last summer in Sacramento, staged by one of the groups organizing the Pikeville protest, left multiple people stabbed. Those standoffs were held in states with relatively strict gun laws. In Kentucky, which allows open carry, both the neo-Nazis and their opponents publicly discussed carrying guns at Saturday’s protest. In an interview last week, Matthew Heimbach, the leader of the Traditionalist Worker Party, said the groups staging the rally would come with armed security officials, who would carry AR-15 rifles and wear body armor. James Anderson, an editor at Itsgoingdown.org, an anarchist site, said the counter-protesters were sensitive to the potential impact on Pikeville locals. “The organizers in Pikeville have been very clear they don’t want people coming to the small town and smashing up the one McDonald’s,” he said on Thursday. In an email, one of the anonymous organizers of the “anti-fascist” protest wrote: “We have made sure to clearly communicate with folks from outside the region that this is not Berkley or a major city and tactics that are used there are not appropriate in eastern KY.” The organizer wrote that the “antifas” were aware that clashing with neo-Nazis gave such groups more media attention. A town official said more than a dozen media outlets had come to Pikeville in advance of the protest. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Signs at the neo-Nazi gathering. Photograph: Lois Beckett for the Guardian “There is no denying they relish the attention,” the organizer wrote. “We also have to weigh the risks of not confronting them. We believe that, in the longer term, allowing neo-Nazis to organize openly and treating them like any other group gives them more legitimacy. “History teaches us that ignoring Nazis will not make them go away and creates the risk they will begin to build real power.” The standoff has attracted other heavily armed groups, including members of a militia group called the “III percenters”, classified by the Southern Poverty Law Center as anti-government extremists. “We want to make sure that the people of Pike County don’t get you know caught up in any violence,” said Chris Hall, the leader of the national umbrella group for the III percenters, which is sending some local groups to the protest. “We want to help prevent damage to property. “We have no dog in that fight. Both are equally violent in my opinion.” The commander of the Indiana III percenters, who declined to give his name, said he expected at least 60 members to attend in “full battle rattle”, with “our helmets full body armor, 9 thirty-round magazines and an AR-15”. He said he expected at least four other III percenter groups to attend. 'I refuse to be like them': why the man shot while protesting Milo Yiannopoulos doesn't want revenge Read more The promise of confrontation between multiple armed groups in the narrow, alley-like streets of Pikeville left officials and residents nervous. The town government passed an anti-masking ordinance, barring masks, hoods and facial coverings in public places. Several downtown business managers said they had decided to stayed closed at least until after the protest was over, and some said they were preparing to guard their buildings. Wes Hutcison, the manager of Bank 253, a local bar and restaurant, said he was worried “what it’s going to look like Sunday after everybody’s gone”. Outside a tattoo shop, a man who said he was a veteran expressed anger that the Nazi rally was “setting back Pikeville 100 years”. A peaceful counter-protest planned by local students was cancelled. The organizers wrote on Facebook on Thursday that after consulting with officials and law enforcement, “real and previously unforeseen credible threats to the safety of our attendees” had convinced them to cancel their “Rally for Equality and American Values”, which was slated to feature speeches from state politicians and a Holocaust survivor, as well as music. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Jeff Schoep, the leader of the National Socialist Movement, speaks on Friday night. Photograph: Lois Beckett for the Guardian ‘These are our guests in our community’ While the broader region is suffering economically, Pikeville has grown. A brewery is being built and locals speak proudly of the hospital and university – and the ethnic diversity that doctors and students have brought. The neo-Nazi rally was slated to start at 2pm in front of the historic courthouse. A leader of one of the extremist groups applied for a permit several months ago and were granted one, said Donovan Blackburn, Pikeville’s city manager. “Our job is to uphold, protect and support first amendment rights,” he said. “What makes this country so great its the opportunity to voice your opinion vocally. Whether we agree with it or not is a moot issue. “These are our guests in our community. We will treat them as such. When you go into someone’s home you need to show respect.” I was the target of a neo-Nazi ‘troll storm' Read more In a public notice released on Friday, however, the town said it could not “guarantee the safety of everyone based upon tactics that have occurred in other areas”. On Friday evening, the neo-Nazis assembled at a Walmart parking lot and formed a caravan of more than 20 cars to drive to the private land. Jeff Schoep, the leader of the National Socialist Movement, told participants they were “warriors for your people”. “History and change is made through the streets,” he said, adding that if the rally became violent, participants should “stand united”. The group would not strike first, he said, but would defend itself. To laughter, he added: “I’m telling you right now: if I see anybody running or breaking ranks, you better hope the reds catch you. You better hope the antifa catch you.” There were at least five children present, including two girls who amused themselves by drawing as one speaker after another condemned the Jews and saluted white power. “Do not use any foul language or any racial slurs,” Mike Schloer of the National Socialist Movement warned, reeling off a short list of epithets that should not be used in public. “Keep it clean,” he said. Topics Kentucky Protest Race issues news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US selected politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US selected politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video US News › Kentucky back to top US world science US politics business Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Local Montana & Regional National News World News Business Government Sports Griz Sports High School Local College Sports National Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Cartoons Columnists Obituaries Entertainment Calendar Music Arts and Theatre Movies TV People Books and Literature Games Corridor Magazine Games & Puzzles Features Territory Outdoors Food Weddings Buy & Sell Classifieds Business Directory Today's Deal Place an Ad Autos Homes Rentals Open Houses Newspaper Ads Weekly Ads Jobs Top Jobs Work for Us e-Edition Special Publications Contact Contact Us Subscribe Carrier Opportunities Dealer Services Email Newsletters Customer service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 47° Missoula, MT (59801) Today Rain showers early with some sunshine later in the day. High 53F. W winds at 5 to 10 mph, increasing to 15 to 25 mph. Chance of rain 60%.. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low 37F. Winds W at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: April 29, 2017 @ 11:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Opinion Obituaries Buy/Sell Close 1 of 2 Buy Now CHRISTINA HOUSE, Los Angeles Times/TNS David LeBleu, at home in Whitefish, is a supporter of the refugee resettlement efforts in Montana.  Wikipedia Downtown Whitefish top story Whitefish sets the small-town stage for national refugee debate JAWEED KALEEM Los Angeles Times (TNS) Apr 29, 2017 Updated 16 hrs ago Buy Now CHRISTINA HOUSE, Los Angeles Times/TNS David LeBleu, at home in Whitefish, is a supporter of the refugee resettlement efforts in Montana.  Wikipedia Downtown Whitefish WHITEFISH – As images of dead Syrian children flashed across his television this month in Montana, David LeBleu prayed it would finally change minds. “Could this be our chance?” he wondered. LeBleu, 73, had been campaigning for a year to bring refugees to his tiny mountainside town of Whitefish. But in conservative Flathead County, he was making little headway. Donald Trump had won the county with 65 percent of the vote in the presidential election and found widespread support there for his “America first” message and pledge to halt refugee resettlement nationwide. In that sense, the region wasn’t much different from a broad swath of the nation. If the deaths of “beautiful babies” – as Trump had put it – in what the U.S. said was a poison gas attack couldn’t sway people, LeBleu figured nothing could. “They don’t like newcomers here,” he said. “They want to just keep things the way they are, in the past.” LeBleu himself is a newcomer, part of a wave of liberal-minded transplants drawn to Whitefish, population 6,357, for its natural beauty and slower pace of life. He moved from Long Island, New York, three years ago, following his daughter after retiring from teaching high school social studies and losing his wife to multiple sclerosis and cancer. He was delighted that people would “talk to you on the street and ask how you were doing.” As a lifelong Christian, he was pleased to see churches everywhere. But the faith that dominated northwest Montana was far more conservative than LeBleu had ever experienced. To him, being a Presbyterian meant a life of public service and openness to other cultures. Back in Long Island, he sat on a refugee council at his church and once housed a Vietnamese refugee and her two sons. He joined churchgoers for a trip to refugee camps in the Middle East, and his church hosted a Coptic Christian priest from Egypt and a pastor from Syria. But in Whitefish, the Presbyterian churches he visited were more interested in the Bible than the wider world and didn’t share his passion for women’s or gay rights. LeBleu finally found a spiritual home alongside other liberal transplants at the Whitefish United Methodist Church. It was already working internationally to pay the salaries of Christian pastors in Angolan villages. Its motto – “open hearts, open minds, open doors” – was prominently displayed on its website. To LeBleu, those were words to live by. He saw an opportunity early last year after a photograph of a drowned Syrian boy went viral and a group of mothers in Missoula were so moved that they launched an effort to take in refugees. Their plan to bring refugees to Montana for the first time in decades ignited a statewide debate and a string of demonstrations on both sides of the issue. LeBleu’s response was to try to bring refugees to Whitefish. He put out a call in church for volunteers. There were enough like-minded residents – the town had voted for Hillary Clinton – that he had no trouble finding support. But it was a different story 17 miles south in the county seat of Kalispell, a blue-collar town of 20,000 known for its gun manufacturers and conservative churches. Kalispell quickly became a hub of opposition to resettlement – and, on a rainy March morning last year, the site of a tense standoff. LeBleu and about 70 pro-refugee activists, many from out of town, gathered in a park there with signs reading “Friendship not fear!” and “Stability, opportunity, peace for ALL.” Across the city’s main drag, a dozen or so Kalispell residents stood with their own placards warning of the problems they believed Muslims would bring: “Europe’s murder and rape epidemic is REAL, not ‘fear’” and “Kalispell NEEDS SHARIA LAW.” Some of the men carried guns. LeBleu was encouraged by the competing rallies. His side was bigger. But letters to the local newspaper, the Daily Inter Lake, turned out to be a better indicator of public sentiment. “Once those refugees are here, all we can do to protect ourselves is hope and pray they do not harbor sympathy for Islamic terror ideals. Beyond that, we are at their mercy,” one Kalispell resident wrote in a letter to the editor. “Many of the refugees are being planted as representatives of Islamic terrorism. Europe is proof of this,” wrote another. The Flathead County commissioners took sides last spring, sending a letter to the U.S. Department of State saying they could not “support the relocation of refugees without a legitimate vetting process and an analysis of refugee impacts to our local community.” Kalispell seemed gripped by worry. In August, the newspaper reported that a woman called police to report that seven refugees appeared to be moving into an apartment building. They turned out to be workers. It wasn’t until a few weeks later that the first refugees – a family of six from the Democratic Republic of Congo – arrived in Missoula. More families soon followed. LeBleu tracked their journeys on Facebook, where churches and humanitarian groups would post updates. He figured the opposition would fade away as people saw that the refugees weren’t committing crimes, didn’t have diseases and didn’t want to impose Islamic law – and in fact were mostly Christian. He figured wrong. On the presidential campaign trail, Trump’s anti-immigrant rhetoric was intensifying – and riling up fear in Montana. Trump’s victory only invigorated opponents to refugee resettlement. It was hard for LeBleu not to read some letters to the editor as personal attacks. “How long do we have to tolerate leftists from other states coming here to bring ‘refugees’ from alien cultures to our cities? Cultures so far removed from our own that assimilation is impossible,” said one in December. By the time Trump took office, LeBleu was on the verge of giving up. His church committee stopped meeting and he started spending more time with his fiancee, a Montana native and a liberal like him. He saw more of his daughter, who runs the kitchen for a mountain guide company, and her two children. But he still struggled to parse how people who called themselves Christians could oppose refugee resettlement. At his church one Sunday in April, he listened to a sermon about judgment. “We sometimes criticize others unfairly,” the pastor said. “Only God, who is aware of all of the facts, is able to judge people righteously.” LeBleu asked himself if he needed to try harder to understand the other side. But he tried to avoid places like Liberty Fellowship, a church in Kalispell where that same day the pastor preached that Americans should focus on their own problems and not the rest of the world. Some congregants said in interviews that they wanted to keep out refugees precisely to preserve Christian values. “If enough people want to advance Shariah law, it will happen,” Jerry O’Neil, a 73-year-old retired legislator, said after a Sunday service in April. He insisted that Muslims would have so many children that soon they would outnumber Christians and take over Montana politics. Another church member wondered if “forced multiculturalism” could breed violence. Three months into the Trump presidency, 81 refugees from the Democratic Republic of Congo, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Iraq and Syria now live in Missoula. “I have high ambitions,” said Joel Makeci Ebuela, a 33-year-old Congolese teacher who came with his wife and five children and recently started a part-time job as a greeter at Wal-Mart. His 12-year-old son joined a soccer league. The family lives in a three-bedroom apartment and has taken advantage of clothing donations and English and driving classes offered through a charity. “I trust America because they help,” he said. No refugees have come to Flathead County, where the debate rages on. In Kalispell, ACT for America, a chapter of a national organization identified as a hate group by civil rights organizations, recently screened “Islam Rising,” a film by far-right Dutch politician Geert Wilders. In Whitefish, Love Lives Here, a pro-refugee group, held a training session in April on “best practices in confronting anti-Muslim bigotry.” LeBleu does what he can, collecting clothing, diapers and other supplies and donating part of his Social Security and pension to help the refugees in Missoula. He said he may try to start up the church committee again with the hope of still bringing refugees to Whitefish. He celebrated when the governor recently vetoed a state bill to ban Shariah law, saying it would add to a “nationwide surge in hate crimes.” He was also encouraged after the gas attack in Syria, when Trump said that “no child of God should ever suffer such horror.” Maybe that would persuade people. But then he slipped back into a feeling of hopelessness. “Does the president really care?” he said. “Does anybody? “People get to the point where they are numbed. Sadly, I think this is where we are. Nobody is going to change their mind.” Photographer Christina House contributed to this report Angry 2 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 You must be logged in to react. Click any reaction to login. Angry 2 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Government And Politics Crime General News Political Refugees Human Welfare Social Issues Social Affairs Christianity Religion David Lebleu Refugee Institutes Donald Trump Politics Recommended View More Deals & Offers Call Nancy Serba for a FREE Zital Compass reading today! Get Gorgeous Flagstone Patios in Missoula Montana! Call Grizzly Lawn Care & Landscape ~ Your Local Landscape Professionals (406) 552-9001 © 2017 Lee Enterprises | Terms | Privacy Sites & Partners Ravalli Republic Auto Finder Montana Magazine Health Resource Guide Missoula Public Art Guide Services Contact Us E-edition Subscribe RSS © Copyright 2017 Missoulian, 500 S. Higgins Missoula, MT | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
News Sports Business Real Estate Alert 77° Full Menu Alert 77° Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Rich Pedroncelli AP File 2013 Coral Gables April 27, 2017 3:21 PM Plastic war: Coral Gables set to ban the bag By Lance Dixon ldixon@miamiherald.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story David Lewis remembers what it was like a few years ago immediately after the city of San Jose, California, passed a law prohibiting supermarkets and other stores from giving shoppers plastic bags for their purchases. Some vocal residents argued that getting a plastic bag at the grocery store was their god-given right. Some even threatened to vote out local officials who supported the ban. “What we found was there were a few loud people who were very anxious about this change,” said Lewis, executive director of the environmental group Save the Bay. “But we really found no significant problem among consumers in adjusting.” Lewis said that within about a week, most San Jose residents were bringing reusable bags when they shopped. “The revolution didn’t come, nobody was storming the grocery stores, there were no boycotts,” Lewis said. The “ban the bag” movement marked its first major victory in 2007 when San Francisco banned single-use carryout bags in grocery stores. Since then, bans have been imposed in cities or counties in 20 states, and California approved a statewide ban last year. facebook twitter email Share More Videos 4:00 Don Mattingly on Marlins 4-0 loss to Pirates on Saturday Pause 2:09 U.F.O.s: What does the government know? 2:28 Injured baby during delivery leads to $33 million judgment 1:45 Former homeless student flourishes at MDC 1:01 Hundreds calling for action to fight climate change march in Miami 0:53 Marco Coello released from U.S. custody 0:26 Protesters force police to retreat in Venezuela 0:35 Woman stands up to police tank in Venezuela 1:02 FlipaClip app allows you to be an animator 2:13 Venezuelans defy government roadblocks surrounding the capital Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 things to know: California's plastic bag vote Will Golden State shoppers ditch plastic bags? Before the statewide vote, brush up on the five things you should know about the plastic bag ban in California. Learn who is on both sides of the issue impacting consumers, manufacturers, and the environment. Cristina Rayas McClatchy & The Sacramento Bee Now Coral Gables is set to become the first city in Florida to outlaw the bags. The city commission in March gave preliminary approval to an ordinance banning plastic bags in stores and certain other uses. A final vote is scheduled May 9. The proposal has been met with some skepticism from business owners and residents but seems to have more supporters than critics. Since 2007, when San Francisco prohibited single-use carryout bags in grocery stores, similar bans have been imposed in cities or counties in 20 states, and California approved a statewide ban last year. “I‘m actually in favor of using our reusable bags over plastic bags,” said Jason Rogers, a Coral Gables resident. “To me, the goal is sustainability and to improve the environment.” He said he and his wife, Brooke, always make sure to keep reusable bags in their car. At a few Publix locations on a recent afternoon in the Gables, most shoppers walked out with plastic bags, but many brought recyclable bags. “I think if people were forced to bring [recyclable bags], it would be a good thing. I usually tell them to give me as few bags as possible,” shopper Edith Patterson said. The “ban the bag” campaigns are often championed by environmentalists and sustainability activists who argue that the products create litter, clog drainage systems, fill up landfills and too often find their way into waterways. Activists say that sea turtles, which often can’t differentiate between a bag and a jellyfish, choke on them, and fish and sea birds are poisoned by eating them. And they argue that the bags, which are a petroleum product, waste a valuable resource. Activists often face opposition from businesses, large retailers and the plastic industry. Those groups defend the bags and say they are easier to recycle than environmentalists claim and cheaper to produce than paper bags. They argue that shoppers should be able to make their own choices. Plastic-bag precedents In municipalities that have adopted restrictions on plastic bags, the laws differ, but most have outright bans, bans that include taxes on alternative bags, or just bag taxes. Many also focus specifically on grocery and convenience stores and pharmacies while excluding restaurants. AP California’s statewide ban, which served as a basis for the Coral Gables ban, restricts single-use bags and requires retailers to provide reusable bags or paper bags at a cost of at least 10 cents. The Gables ban gives retailers the option of providing the other bags. When Washington, D.C., approved a 5-cent fee per bag for paper and plastic bags a few years ago, it was met with some hesitation and skepticism from consumers who felt they shouldn’t have to pay. Lewis, of Save the Bay, said that response was just a side effect of being made aware of the cost instead of having it built into the price of groceries. “Behavior is far more affected by cost than it should be,” Lewis said. “People who are spending hundreds of dollars on groceries would not spend the extra nickel specifically because they were being asked.” In Austin, a study found that even with an all-out ban on single-use carryout bags, alternatives like thicker reusable plastic bags and paper bags were filling landfills just like their flimsier counterparts. A similar situation emerged in Chicago after the city approved a ban in 2015. The ban prohibited single-use carryout bags and allowed retailers to give out paper bags, reusable plastic bags and compostable bags for free. It was just more plastic in our landfills and our waste stream and our environment. Jordan Parker, director of Bring Your Bag Chicago, on the use of thicker, reusable plastic bags Jordan Parker, director of the Bring Your Bag Chicago group, said that many reusable plastic bags were discarded just like their thinner counterparts and had an even more adverse impact on the environment because of their thickness. “It was just more plastic in our landfills and our waste stream and our environment,” Parker said. “For a year and a half, we actually made the environmental problem worse.” Last year, the city approved a seven-cent bag tax for both plastic and paper bags and repealed the initial ban. Parker said the plan isn’t perfect but that it worked for retailers, environmentalists and the city government. She said the issue for retailers was the higher cost per bag, anywhere from four to 13 cents more depending on the bag. Meanwhile, environmentalists were seeing negative environmental impacts and city leaders lamented the lack of potential revenue from a tax that other cities were receiving. “I think it was a really good example of three interest groups coming together and finding common ground,” Parker said. Coral Gables Coral Gables Commissioner Vince Lago, sponsor of the ordinance to ban bags, thinks that common ground can be found in the city’s plan but says he isn’t willing to substitute a tax on bags for an all-out ban. “I’m not a big proponent of over-taxation. It allows people and entities to skirt the issue,” Lago said. He insists that his push for the ban is not a vendetta against the products or the petroleum industry but that it’s about finding alternatives that are easier to recycle. Coral Gables Commissioner Vince Lago sponsored the city’s plastic bag ban. City of Coral Gables “We need to come to the agreement that we need to find a more sustainable measure,” Lago said. Sustainability and environmental concerns have driven the call for bans in many cases. Advocates of the bans say that while they recognize the cost for businesses, they think the potential for reducing bags in waterways and landfills is more important than companies having to invest in more recyclable bags. “Business owners may feel assaulted [by the ban], but plastic bags have been assaulting our environment and killing our protected wildlife and polluting our oceans for decades,” Marilu Flores, vice chair of the Miami chapter of the Surfrider Foundation, said at the commission meeting where the Coral Gables ban was first approved. We really need to start thinking about how we use resources and how we protect the ocean and the environment. David Doebler, founder of VolunteerCleanup.org David Doebler, a Miami Beach resident and creator of VolunteerCleanup.org , said that on his cleanups of shorelines, plastic bags are one of the most picked-up items.   He thinks that a lot of inland cities and communities in Florida might not recognize the issue in the same way that coastal communities do. “We really need to start thinking about how we use resources and how we protect the ocean and the environment,” Doebler said. “A lot of people think [the ban] is a hippie, tree-hugger, feel-good thing, and it’s actually affecting our marine life and our tourism industry.” In San Jose, Lewis said that the city’s ban resulted in an 89 percent reduction in bag litter in the city’s storm drains and a 69 percent decrease in creeks. facebook twitter email Share More Videos 4:00 Don Mattingly on Marlins 4-0 loss to Pirates on Saturday Pause 2:09 U.F.O.s: What does the government know? 2:28 Injured baby during delivery leads to $33 million judgment 1:45 Former homeless student flourishes at MDC 1:01 Hundreds calling for action to fight climate change march in Miami 0:53 Marco Coello released from U.S. custody 0:26 Protesters force police to retreat in Venezuela 0:35 Woman stands up to police tank in Venezuela 1:02 FlipaClip app allows you to be an animator 2:13 Venezuelans defy government roadblocks surrounding the capital Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Man wears every piece of trash he generates for 30 days Rob Greenfield is an activist whose primary focus is combatting food waste and worldwide hunger. He started an unusual experiment in which he planned, for 30 days, to wear every single piece of trash that he created over that period. Greenfield draped large plastic garbage bags over his clothing to deposit trash into throughout the course of his day. To learn more go to http://robgreenfield.tv Rob Greenfield via Facebook Opponents of bans The main challengers of many of these bans are retail groups and groups representing plastic manufacturers. In fact, the spark for the plastic bag ban in Coral Gables was a recent court victory in a case with the Florida Retail Federation. The federation sued the city last July after the commission approved a ban that focused solely on Styrofoam products, such as take-out containers. Miami-Dade Circuit Court upheld the ban, and the federation appealed to the Third District Court of Appeal, where the case is still pending. Across the state, local governments are pre-empted from regulating plastic bags. A state statute required the Department of Environmental Protection to conduct a study by Feb. 1, 2010, on the need for new or modified regulation of containers, wrappings and disposable plastic bags. It also prohibited municipalities from regulating those products until the report’s recommendations were approved. “The Legislature was given the report in 2010 and, to date, none of the recommendations contained therein have been adopted,” Miami-Dade Circuit Judge Jorge Cueto wrote in his ruling in the Styrofoam case. Cueto ruled, in response to the federation’s argument that the plastic bag statute pre-empted the Gables ban, that the previous lack of action put local municipalities in an “indefinite limbo.” Citing the judge’s ruling, the Gables chose to move forward with the plastic bag ban. Representatives in the plastic industry argue that bans threaten manufacturing jobs and lead to higher costs for consumers. They also say that the consumers reuse plastic bags for various reasons, such as picking up trash or taking lunch to work. The bag alliance “believes that consumers should be able to choose which bags are best for them and their families. We have seen in communities across the nation that bag bans and taxes result in many unintended, negative consequences,” Matt Seaholm, executive director of the American Progressive Bag Alliance, said in an email. The alliance also argues that plastic bags, by weight, make up less than one percent of both the U.S. municipal solid waste stream and litter.   But some large retailers have independently taken steps to reduce the use of plastic bags. In 2008, Walmart set out to reduce plastic bag use and began selling reusable bags at the checkout counter. By 2013, the company said, it had reduced plastic bag waste by more than 38 percent, a reduction of 10 billion bags annually. Target offers a five-cent discount per bag for anyone who brings in recyclable bags. The company says that customers have used more than 190 million reusable bags instead of paper or plastic. Florida has hundreds of municipalities that regulate and set the laws for their city or county. It would be difficult to navigate the various laws and restrictions given the wide footprint we cover in Florida. Nicole Krauss, Publix spokeswoman Publix, a member of the Florida Retail Federation, says it encourages customers and employees to recycle plastic bags and that stores are given plastic bag reduction goals, but the chain has argued against regulation of plastic bags. “Florida has hundreds of municipalities that regulate and set the laws for their city or county. It would be difficult to navigate the various laws and restrictions given the wide footprint we cover in Florida,” Nicole Krauss, a Publix spokeswoman, said in an email. “It would also mean prohibiting our customers’ right to choose what method of packaging they prefer.” If Coral Gables gives final approval to the ban on May 9, it will be the first city in Florida to outlaw the bags. Ultimately, as Coral Gables prepares to enforce its ban, and proposals for pilot programs in smaller, coastal communities make their way through the Florida Legislature, activists like Parker say that educating hesitant residents and consumers will be key. Coral Gables plans a six-month grace period after the ban is approved to do additional educational campaigns. “Cities and municipalities need to know that there are going to be a few months of resistance and complaining, and then people just kind of get it and they adapt,” Parker said. Lance Dixon: 305-376-3708, @LDixon_3 A dump in Nairobi, Kenya, is filled with plastic bags. Unhappy with the litter, Kenya this month banned the manufacture of plastic bags. Ben Curtis AP FILE 2015 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 4:00 Don Mattingly on Marlins 4-0 loss to Pirates on Saturday Pause 2:09 U.F.O.s: What does the government know? 2:28 Injured baby during delivery leads to $33 million judgment 1:45 Former homeless student flourishes at MDC 1:01 Hundreds calling for action to fight climate change march in Miami 0:53 Marco Coello released from U.S. custody 0:26 Protesters force police to retreat in Venezuela 0:35 Woman stands up to police tank in Venezuela 1:02 FlipaClip app allows you to be an animator 2:13 Venezuelans defy government roadblocks surrounding the capital Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 10 days ago Giralda Al Fresco continues in Coral Gables 0:52 10 days ago Giralda Al Fresco continues in Coral Gables 0:32 4 months ago Thieves swipe cases of booze from Coral Gables liquor store 1:43 7 months ago Treatment center offers relief from lice View More Video Coral Gables New Coral Gables commission officially set at swearing-in ceremony Michael Mena wins runoff race for Coral Gables commission seat Coral Gables commission candidates make a final appeal to voters at the polls Pot parties galore on 4/20 Day, but be careful if having a toke or two The construction work’s not done but there’s a party at Giralda Plaza in the Gables Coral Gables Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
