about contact Show Menu Menu Categories  Crafts & Celebrations Food & Recipes Money & Finance Life Home & Organization Parenting & Family Reads The M Challenge Printables Recent Breakfast, Desserts, Kid Eats, My Work, Sides How To Make Smoothie Bowls (GIVEAWAY with Mamma Chia!!) This post is sponsored by Mamma Chia.  Thank you for supporting the companies that make this site possible!  I am always on the hunt for great post-workout snacks that can keep me fueled throughout the day.  Today I wanted to share with you how to make two delicious smoothie bowls and I am pairing them with a fun new drink from Mamma Chia, called Chia Energy Beverages,  that you can now find on Walmart shelves.  Doesn’t that sound like a delicious pairing? I always struggle with finding new things at the store so, in case you are on the hunt, I wanted to show you where you can find them at Walmart. These drinks can be found in the produce section at the front of the store.  Our drinks were on full display on the top shelves and come in 4 flavors: Grape Power, Cherry Charge, Blackberry Blast, & Raspberry Razz. These drinks are the first beverage that combine chia with the energy of guayusa. For those of us with a coffee addiction (ahem!), these are a great way to get energy for the day without that caffeine crash. Caffeine crashes are THE WORST. As you know, I have been struggling with my health and I am really committed to eating better so that I can improve how I feel. The founder of Mamma Chia, Janie Hoffman, was also struggling with many debilitating autoimmune disorders and found a great deal of relief from adding chia into her diet. Her mission was to share that gift with others so that they can experience the health benefits too. I also love that the company donates a portion of their proceeds to support farmers, community groups, & organizations that build healthy, local food systems.  It makes you feel doubly good about your purchase! Today I thought I would incorporate the power of chia, not only in our drink, but as a topping in a healthy smoothie bowl. Chia is actually considered a superfood because chia seeds are rich in omega-3’s, fiber, protein, and essential vitamins and minerals. They also help you to sustain energy levels naturally while helping you stay fuller longer. Today we are topping our smoothie bowls with chia. If you haven’t had a smoothie bowl before, you are in for a treat.  I understand that many fancy-schmancy breakfast joints serve these now. How lucky are you that you can save some money and make these at home for a fraction of the cost? Let me share two recipes for smoothie bowsl with you and don’t forget to stick around to the bottom of this post for our giveaway with Mamma Chia- yay!  The idea is to make the smoothie thicker (make sure you have a powerful blender for this one) by using less liquid to create a thicker consistency. The fun part is the layering of delicious additions on top. On this Chocolate Cherry Bowl, I have topped it with fresh raspberries, toasted coconut, & more chia. Try any combination of flavors you like though! Print Chocolate Cherry Smoothie Bowl Author: MomAdvice.com Prep time:  5 mins Total time:  5 mins Serves: 1-2 bowls   Smoothie bowls make the perfect snack or breakfast. Top with your favorite oatmeal toppings or try our suggestions for a healthy start to your day. Ingredients ½ cup frozen banana 1 cup frozen cherries ½ cup almond milk ¼ cup avocado ¼ plain greek yogurt 1 tbsp unsweetened cocoa powder Toppings: toasted coconut, berries, chia Instructions Combine all smoothie bowl ingredients in your blender and blend until smooth. Pour into a bowl and top with your favorite toppings 3.4.3177 I love berry anything and I loved pairing a Raspberry Smoothie Bowl with the delicious flavor of the Chia Energy Blackberry Blast drink. I still wanted some of the chocolate flavor in this one so I topped it with a chocolate granola, and chia.  The vibrant hue from the raspberries in this one make such a pretty bowl, don’t they? This is certainly a powerful motivator to get my workout done so I can enjoy this snack when I get home. Print Raspberry Smoothie Bowl Author: MomAdvice.com Prep time:  5 mins Total time:  5 mins Serves: 1-2 bowls   Give me all the berries! This Raspberry Smoothie Bowl is packed with berries and can be topped with crunchy granola, chia, and more berries for a fun post-workout treat. Ingredients ½ cup frozen raspberries 1 frozen banana ¼ of an avocado ½ tsp vanilla ½ cup almond milk Toppings: granola, raspberries, blueberries, and chia Instructions Place all smoothie ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth. Pour into a bowl and top with your favorite toppings. 3.4.3177 Today I’m giving away to one lucky winner a $50 prize pack from Mamma Chia that will include one each of the Mamma Chia’s new organic Chia Energy Beverages and some of their other delicious products. Please enter the giveaway in the widget below and I hope this post inspires you to give these new drinks a try! a Rafflecopter giveaway This post was sponsored by Mamma Chia.  Thank you for supporting the companies that make this site possible!  Pin It Published September 19, 2016 by: Amy Allen Clark is the founder of MomAdvice.com. You can read all about her here. Amy's Notebook 09.14.16 Amy's Notebook 09.21.16 Subscribe to the Newsletter Email: Woohoo! You're all signed up for the newsletter. Something isn't working. We'll need to look into what went wrong. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus About MomAdvice About Amy Clark @momadvice Follow on Facebook Follow on Pinterest Contact Us Privacy Policy
Share 17 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-18 Happy Birthday Mickey Mouse! You’re 88! Here’s What You Don’t Know About Him Entertainment 2016-11-17 ‘Lemony Snicket’s A Series Of Unfortunate Events’ Trailer Released Today: Netflix Is At It Again Entertainment 2016-11-17 Jessa Duggar Comments On Joy-Anna Duggar Courting News On Instagram And Seewald Family Blog: ‘Counting On’ Star Still Hides Baby Bump Entertainment 2016-11-16 MGM Launches ‘Light TV’ Faith-Based Channel With Mark Burnett And Roma Downey News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2016-11-18 Man’s Drone Catches Cheating Wife Of 18 Years: 9 Million YouTube Video Views, Update — What’s The Real Story? [Opinion] News 2016-11-18 Obama Criticizes Fake News On Facebook, ‘Misinformation Threatens Democracy’ News 2016-11-17 Man Dissolves While Attempting To ‘Hot Pot’ In Yellowstone Hot Spring, Sister Captures Death On Phone News 2016-11-17 ‘Catfish’ Victim Mitchell Bowie, 18, Commits Suicide After Online ‘Girlfriend’ Threatens His Life Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-17 RunDisney’s 2017 New Balance Shoe Designs Revealed, Feature Disney Parks Attractions Sports 2016-11-16 Watch New Zealand Vs. Pakistan Cricket 1st Test Live Stream: Start Time, Team News, How To Watch Online Sports 2016-11-16 Minnesota Vikings Vs. Arizona Cardinals: Bold Predictions For NFL Week 11 Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 7 — Dhaka Vs. Chittagong, Rangpur Vs. Barisal Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-16 Gloucester Toddler, 3, Is Nearly ‘Eaten Alive’ By Herpes Contracted From Family Member Health 2016-11-15 Chocolate Bars That Relieve Period Cramps? Yes, Please! Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-18 ‘Destiny’: Xur’s Exotic Goods For Nov. 18, SUROS Regime And Impossible Machines Gaming 2016-11-18 Best Buy’s Black Friday Pokemon Deals: Seize The Opportunity To Gear Yourself Up For A Rock-Bottom Price Gaming 2016-11-18 ‘Red Dead Redemption 2’ Release: Anticipation ‘Enormous’ For Fall 2017 Sequel Gaming 2016-11-18 Free ‘Lost Odyssey’ Promotion Leaked For Xbox One Owners, Just A Test Or Coming Soon? BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-18 Marilyn Monroe ‘Happy Birthday, Mr. President’ Dress Sells For $4.81 Million BuzzWorthy 2016-11-17 Social Media’s #UNameItChallenge Goes Viral Before Thanksgiving, Gospel Star Shirley Caesar Responds BuzzWorthy 2016-11-17 Teacher Ruins Autistic Boy’s Role In School Play, Leaves Him Sobbing On Stage In Front Of Audience BuzzWorthy 2016-11-17 Flagstaff Police Officer Caught On Tape Punching Woman In The Face, Department Is Investigating [Video] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss When It Comes To Halloween, Walgreens And Dollar Stores Pick Up Walmart’s Slack Shopping 17 0 0 September 18, 2016 When It Comes To Halloween, Walgreens And Dollar Stores Pick Up Walmart’s Slack Jon Mark To many, the most wonderful time of the year is here. Meaning that the Halloween spirit is looming over Walgreens — sometimes even off-season — and dollar stores across America, putting Walmart’s shoddy selection to shame for yet another year in a row. You can almost guarantee that this is how into the Halloween spirit Walmart is every year. Yeah. Just the ONE aisle. [Image by Jo Naylor | Flickr | CC BY 2.0] That’s right! Walmart. Once the envy of the Halloween decorations world; one would have thought that a big-box store such as Walmart would have put more effort into turning several aisles into a riveting Halloween shopping experience, expanding their ghosts and goblins section for the consumer. But sadly, they’re no longer committed to the holiday. Yes, it’s already a “plus” going to the dollar store anyway for just about anything you need, and because of that, the Halloween spirit goes a long way there. And if there is a dollar store closer to you than the nearest Walmart, save yourself a trip and hit it up first and you’ll be overwhelmed by their vast selection and “killer” savings, because you’re guaranteed to find things you never thought existed. And unlike Walmart — while they brag about being the “everything store,” they hardly have anything at all compared to — not just one, but two or more dollars stores. You can hit up Dollar General, Family Dollar, or any other dollar store you’ve probably been too afraid to enter, before the spooky season compels you to do so. A woman walks towards a Dollar General. She won’t be the same when she comes out! [Photo by Charles Krupa/AP Images] And really, in comparison, look at the size of that Walmart aisle. You would think they would go all the way for the season. You’ll be lucky if your Walmart has more than one aisle for spooky stuff. After all, the Halloween shopping life spans is just for a month and a half each year. If you still have doubts about the dollar stores, let The Consumer Queen set you straight. Even she throws a little “love” Walmart’s way. “You’ll still save lots of money over buying at Walmart and Target!” That still leaves CVS and Walgreens, who excel with their selection. Only the frequent shopper would know if they’re all carrying the same stuff, in which case they can stock up on backups and sometimes they’re even cheaper than that uninspired aisle of overpriced Walmart items. Walgreens has Nightmare Before Christmas stuff at the end of the aisle. Can you imagine what you’ll find on the aisle itself? [Image by Mike Mozart | Flickr | CC BY 2.0 ] Look, even Target is acceptable. They have a small section of dollar items when you walk in, which is worth checking out. Shoppers are always guaranteed to find some interesting and various off-kilter buys for the season. But for being such a small store, Walgreens has got the “goods,” and there’s more incentive to shop there because in general, it just feels good. Most Walmarts are sporadically unorganized and at times the buying experience, in general, almost feels like a chore. Similar to putting money in a snack machine at a public place, where you have to cripple your hands just trying to get something in your stomach. The main difference between Walmart and all of the other stores during Halloween, is that Walmart is more about convenience, which they certainly have down to a science, but because of their high-volume attitude, they’re hardly friendly. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="281" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/FjZpmnjwJxs?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> And yes, Halloween is about chills, spookiness, and scary stuff, but it doesn’t look like they were having much fun when they put up the displays. There’s a disconnect between the fun that’s supposed to haunt an impressive Halloween section, to the stressful experience at the check-out line where there are never enough people to scan purchases, and even less people to help those in the self-check out line. Most everyone going to a Walmart isn’t necessarily looking forward to it. *walking past Walmart's Halloween section* LOOK CHRISTMAS! — Jose Hurtado (@ActorTwin) September 8, 2016 So there you have it. Walmart doesn’t have as much to offer as some of the other mentioned stores, so don’t waste any time and grab up some Halloween goodies before someone else does. What are your thoughts? Do you feel that Halloween just isn’t happening at your local Walmart? [Featured Image by Rusty Clark – On The Air | Flickr | Cropped and Resized | CC BY 2.0] Now Read This: Christmas 2016: Gifts You Might Consider When There Is No List Share 17 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Jon Mark Tags: Dollar General, dollar stores, Family Dollar, Halloween Comments LATEST HEADLINES Brad Pitt Ready To Move On From Angelina Jolie With Margot Robbie? ‘Outlander’ Star Sam Heughan Opens Up About His Love Life And Mackenzie Mauzy ‘How To Get Away With Murder’ Spoilers: Why Did Wes Die, And Where Do They Go From Here? ‘Game Of Thrones’ Season 7 Theories: Are Sansa and Tyrion Destined to End Up Together? [Spoilers] Kourtney Kardashian And Scott Disick Are Not Living Together [Debunked] Fifth Harmony’s Lauren Jauregui Speaks Out About Viral Photo Of Her Kissing A Woman Man’s Drone Catches Cheating Wife Of 18 Years: 9 Million YouTube Video Views, Update — What’s The Real Story? [Opinion] Rangers Vs. Dundee: Prediction, Preview, And Live Streaming New Discovery Series ‘Legend Of Croc Gold’ Promises Plenty Of Danger And Drama WWE Rumors: Is James Ellsworth Signing With WWE? ‘Survivor Series’ Team Mascot No Longer Taking Indie Bookings Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Exit Polls Predicted Hillary Clinton To Win Four Of Donald Trump’s Key Victories [Opinion] 12k 0 0 Democratic Pundits Are Starting To Blame Hillary’s Spectacular Failure On Bernie Sanders [Opinion] 9.6k 0 0 Obama Has Deported More Immigrants Than Trump Is Saying He Will 8.9k 0 0 Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 59.6k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 33k 0 0 3 Million Illegal Immigrants Voted, Claims Gregg Phillips Of VoteStand: Donald Trump’s Final Popular Vote Count Alleged To Be Better Than 2016 Predictions 692 0 0 Democrats Want to End Electoral College But Were Fine With Superdelegates [Opinion] 2.8k 0 0 Recent Headlines Kourtney Kardashian And Scott Disick Are Not Living Together [Debunked] 0 0 0 Fifth Harmony’s Lauren Jauregui Speaks Out About Viral Photo Of Her Kissing A Woman 0 0 0 Man’s Drone Catches Cheating Wife Of 18 Years: 9 Million YouTube Video Views, Update — What’s The Real Story? [Opinion] 0 0 0 Rangers Vs. Dundee: Prediction, Preview, And Live Streaming 1 0 0 New Discovery Series ‘Legend Of Croc Gold’ Promises Plenty Of Danger And Drama 0 0 0 WWE Rumors: Is James Ellsworth Signing With WWE? ‘Survivor Series’ Team Mascot No Longer Taking Indie Bookings 22 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
null
null
News Nation & World In Jim Cooley’s open-carry America, even a trip to Walmart can require an AR-15 Jim Cooley Jabin Botsford / The Washington Post Jim Cooley carries his AR-15 semiautomatic rifle into his home after having it fixed. Cooley almost never leaves his home unarmed. Jim Cooley carries his AR-15 semiautomatic rifle into his home after having it fixed. Cooley almost never leaves his home unarmed. (Jabin Botsford / The Washington Post) Terrence McCoyWashington Post All Jim Cooley wants to do is buy some soda. "You want to come to Walmart?" he asks his wife. "No," Maria says. "Pretty please?" Jim asks. "I'm not going to sit there and have the police called on you. I mean, I don't want to see that crap," Maria says, knowing what a trip to Walmart means. She knows her 51-year-old husband has two guns inside the house, and this afternoon it won't be the 9mm, which he straps on with a round in the chamber when grabbing lunch at his favorite fast-food restaurant or visiting a friend's auto shop. It'll be the AR-15 semiautomatic rifle, which he brings when going somewhere he thinks is dangerous, like the Atlanta airport, where he's taken it loaded with a 100-bullet drum, or Walmart, where he thinks crowds could pose an easy targets for terrorists. In a country of relaxing gun laws where it's now legal to open-carry in 45 states and there are 14.5 million people with carry permits, every day seems to bring a new version of what open carry can mean. In Kentucky, it's now legal to open-carry in city buildings. In downtown Cleveland, people carried military-style rifles during the Republican National Convention. In Howell, Michigan, last month, a father went openly armed to his child's middle-school orientation. In Mississippi, it's now legal to open-carry without a permit at all. And in Georgia, which has passed a "guns everywhere" bill and has issued nearly 1 million carry permits, Jim Cooley is staking out his version of what's acceptable as he keeps pleading with his wife. "I got to get soda." Maria sighs. She worked the night before assembling air-conditioner compressors at a nearby factory, and in a few hours, she knows she'll have to leave for another third shift. "Yeah," she says, giving in. "I might as well get this travesty out of the way." "What travesty?" "You carrying a big ol' rifle in the store, scaring the hell out of all the Walmart shoppers." "There's no difference between carrying a rifle and carrying a handgun," he says. "You tried that last time, remember?" Maria says, stepping into a pair of flip-flops and running her fingers through her hair. "And what happened? Barrow County sheriffs. Three or four of them." "They can't tell me what and what not to carry," Jim says. "You know I wouldn't listen to them anyway." "Well, you go one way in the store; I'll go the other," Maria says. "Then when they say, 'Ma'am, do you know this person?' I'll say, 'No, I've never seen him before in my life.' " He places a lit cigarette into an ashtray, walks into his bedroom, reaches behind its door, picks up the AR-15, snaps in a magazine with 15 rounds, and slings the rifle around his left shoulder so it rests against his torso. "Ready?" he asks. "Yeah," she says, grabbing her purse and following her husband out the door for an afternoon trip to Walmart to buy soda. Jim Cooley Jabin Botsford / The Washington Post Jim Cooley smokes a cigarette as he rests after doing errands at his home in Winder, Ga.  Jim Cooley smokes a cigarette as he rests after doing errands at his home in Winder, Ga.  (Jabin Botsford / The Washington Post) The gun Jim Cooley carries is the ATI Omni-Hybrid Maxx AR-15 semiautomatic rifle. It cost him $579.99. It weighs 6.25 pounds, is 35 inches long, and fires bullets as fast as the trigger can be pulled, and, as Jim has learned, fits nicely between the front seats of a white minivan with peeling paint on the front and a bumper sticker on the back that says, "I (heart) Law." Jim goes everywhere now with a gun - if not the AR-15, then his sidearm - and is so reliant on one being close by that it surprises him to think the majority of his life was lived otherwise. He was raised in a working-class family in Chicago, where he can't imagine living now because of its strict gun laws. But they didn't bother him then. He didn't hunt. He didn't fear for his safety. If his dad had a gun, no one knew. He grew up without a gun, went to church without a gun, married Maria without a gun, began raising two children without a gun, and settled into a life that felt as safe as it was dependable. But then it began unraveling, starting when he was fired from a trucking job days after telling Maria, who was pregnant with their first child, to quit her job and focus on the baby, that he could support them both. Their first bankruptcy filing wasn't far behind, then the second, and the third, and then they were moving to Florida, where Maria had family and where Jim got a job with a grocery chain. It transferred him to Winder, and he moved the family into a middle-class neighborhood struggling with crime and drugs. Jim now steers past the house of a neighbor who sold him his first gun - a .380 semiautomatic for $100 - so he could protect his family from that crime, then past Winder's only gun shop where he took his dad so he could buy a gun, too. He lights a cigarette, feels the breeze from an open window because the air conditioner is broken, and takes a sip of soda from a big mug that says Athens Regional Medical Center. It's a memento of sorts from the day in late 2008 when he emerged from that hospital with three stents in his heart, debts worth $41,052.51 and a dawning realization he was now disabled, broke and would never work again. After the heart attack, he lost most of the circulation in his legs, received three more stents and started using an electric scooter whenever he had to walk long distances. He told Maria he was all used up, a drag on the family. She should think about leaving him. But she wouldn't, even after the hospital sued him for unpaid medical bills, even after he was arrested when he carried his .380 outside a school board meeting, even after he came home one day with an AR-15. He shot it at a nearby firing range and, feeling a sense of control that had gone missing in his life, told Maria he could now keep the family safe. She now sits at his side, as always, in the passenger seat. At first, she didn't understand the changes she saw in the man she married 24 years ago. Why did he suddenly want a gun when he never mentioned one before? Why did he want her to get one, too? Why did he put two four-inch knives inside the car's passenger-side door? And why all the security cameras? Maria glances at a small screen beneath the rearview mirror: It shows feeds from surveillance cameras affixed inside the car that start recording when someone turns the ignition. Jim Cooley Jabin Botsford / The Washington Post Jim Cooley drives his van with five security cameras recording to the grocery store in Winder, Ga. Cooley almost never leaves his home unarmed.  Jim Cooley drives his van with five security cameras recording to the grocery store in Winder, Ga. Cooley almost never leaves his home unarmed.  (Jabin Botsford / The Washington Post) But Maria went along with all of it. She bought a .380 semiautomatic and has gotten used to taking it with her wherever she goes. She got used to the cameras, too, including the seven Jim placed around the house's perimeter. She began to understand why he was so concerned about crime, about terrorists, about the need to protect their family because they couldn't count on the government to do it for them. Last year, when he showed her his new AR-15 and asked her to shoot it, she did, feeling intimidated afterward. But then she did it again. And when he started bringing the rifle not just to the range, but to Atlanta, to the airport, inside Walmart, she eventually went along with that, too. So much of her life involves accommodating him now, including just before they left for Walmart and he asked her to send a Facebook message to a local deputy about his plans. "What do you want me to tell him?" Maria had asked. "Say, 'Hey, buddy, I'm going to Walmart, and I'm going to have my AR with me, so if any call comes over the radio, you know it's me," Jim told her. Maria sat at a laptop in a bedroom cluttered with stacks of documents, some of which detailed foreclosure proceedings against the house, and saw the browser had 35 tabs open. One was a YouTube video of something called "Police State 101." Another showed the dictionary definition of the word "law." Another was a fringe website her husband classifies as "underground," the sort he started visiting more frequently after he joined a Georgia militia in late 2014 and decided it was up to him to protect his family from foreign and government threats. She messaged the deputy, then looked at Jim's Facebook page. It bore pictures of her husband carrying guns and posts about a country dissolving into chaos and videos about people stopping intruders with guns, people killing burglars with guns, people shooting big guns, small guns, all kinds of guns, that he watches late into the night. She came back to the kitchen table, where Jim sat and smoked. "At least I notified the sheriff's department ahead of time," he said. He looked at Maria. "Come on, come to Walmart with me," he said. "I got to get soda." So she went along with that, too, and now here she is, pulling into a parking spot outside Walmart, and her husband is reaching for an AR-15 that he tells her sometimes he would have no problem using against a thief breaking into their house, or a violent protester in the streets of Milwaukee, or a terrorist in Syria, or, if necessary, even a stray dog on their lawn. Jim Cooley Jabin Botsford / The Washington Post Jim Cooley stands for a portrait with his AR-15 semiautomatic rifle at his home in Winder, Ga.  Jim Cooley stands for a portrait with his AR-15 semiautomatic rifle at his home in Winder, Ga.  (Jabin Botsford / The Washington Post) The Walmart Supercenter is outside of downtown Winder, next to the Subway, the Great Clips, the GameStop, and buffered by a parking lot that can easily fit hundreds of cars, but is rarely more than half-full on weekdays. There are two entrances. One is beside the landscaping section and says "Home and Garden" above the doorway. The other, which Jim now walks through, leads to another Subway, this one just inside the supercenter. As Maria goes ahead, Jim veers to the right, where he climbs into a complimentary electric scooter, repositions his AR-15 so its barrel points toward the scuffed vinyl floor, and rolls into the store. "Hey, Maria," he calls when catching up to her. "Do we need any lunch meat?" "I'll go get some salami," she says. "All right," he says, now alone, and accelerates the scooter deeper into the store, crossing into the grocery section. Two middle-aged women stand beside a refrigerator, talking. One of them looks at Jim, sees the gun around his neck and goes silent. The other woman turns, and when she sees the gun, her expression freezes, too. But it's not the fearful looks that Jim notices as he rolls past. It's a nearby sale. "Eighty-eight cents for a loaf," he says and keeps moving toward the back of the store. Not everyone sees his AR-15, which is partially obscured by the cart. One man walks past without a second look. So does a woman, making her way into the clothing section. One couple give Jim wide berth, their eyes on his scooter and, briefly, his gun. And then Jim gets where he's going - the soda aisle - and sees what he's looking for. He reaches out and, grunting, pulls free a 24-pack of Diet Dr. Thunder. Trying not to jostle the AR-15, he leans forward and, twisting awkwardly, drops the box into the scooter's front cart, accidentally tearing it open. "They don't make these things like they used to," he says quietly and grabs another 24-pack of Diet Dr. Thunder, placing this one inside the cart more gently. In search of Maria, he continues into the dairy section, where he wheels past a father and his young daughter who stares at his rifle, into aisle 9, where he puts a large can of Great Value Classic Roast Coffee into his cart, and finally back to the front of the supercenter, where he sees Maria ordering salami. She takes the soda and coffee out of his cart and places it in her own. She gestures at a nearby cheesecake. "They got strawberry swirl," she says. He is leaning forward. The muzzle of the loaded gun is pressing against his shoe. Now it's sliding under his shoelaces. "Give me the strawberry swirl," he says, and as Maria heads toward the checkout line with the cheesecake, the salami, the coffee and the soda, he straightens up and the muzzle slides free of his shoe. He steers toward the front doors, parks the scooter, slowly stands and walks outside, and that's when a group of employees standing just outside the entrance notices the gun. "Is that what I see?" one will later recall saying. "What do we do if he comes in the store?" "If someone feels uncomfortable, what can we do?" They continue staring as Jim walks into the parking lot toward the car. "You know my grandfather was murdered, right?" one of the employees says, and as they launch into a discussion of a robbery and shooting that happened in 1973, they are in the midst of a late summer afternoon in 2016 with its own set of shootings. In California, by the end of this day, a 61-year-old man will have been shot to death at a carwash. In Virginia, an intruder will have burst into a home and killed a 24-year-old man inside. In Missouri, a woman will have shot and killed a man she said was chasing her. And meanwhile, in Georgia, Jim is braking hard on the ride home, causing his AR-15 to topple forward. "Can you hold onto that for me, please?" he asks Maria. "Yeah," she says, putting the gun back where it was, and without further incident they continue on their way home, where Jim puts away his AR-15, sits down at the kitchen table and takes a drink of Diet Dr. Thunder. Copyright © 2016, Chicago Tribune Crime Theft Homicide Police: Suspected burglar, 16, shot during confrontation with property owner; 11-year-old suspect injured EMT who rebuilt his life after prison may lose it all in a flash of gunfire Sen. Sessions, Rep. Pompeo picked by Trump to run Justice Department, CIA Breaking Sports Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Business Advertising 61°
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Walmart, Lowe's, and Whole Foods are banking on this to compete with Amazon Kate Taylor Sep. 18, 2016, 5:15 PM 27,361 facebook linkedin twitter email print The Lowe's LoweBot. Lowe's The rise of automation in the fast-food industry has made headlines in recent months, as chains such as Panera and McDonald's have heavily invested in tech that threatens to eventually replace human workers. Robots can make sushi, noodles, burgers, and pancakes. Now the grocery and retail industry is looking to get in on automation as well. Walmart recently patented a system of self-driving shopping carts with mini robots that can complete a long list of duties once reserved for human employees. These motorized units can potentially move containers; scan, retrieve, and deliver products; check inventory; retrieve trash; and even connect with customers. All this may sound like science fiction, but the automation of retail jobs isn't so far off. In late August, Lowe's announced that, starting this fall, 11 locations in the San Francisco Bay Area will feature LoweBots, which are multilingual, autonomous customer assistance robots. In the grocery industry, self-checkout stands have become standard. And the industry is now looking for more ways to use tech to streamline shopping and minimize the need for human employees. Whole Foods 365's ordering kiosks. Reuters Whole Foods 365 stores, for example, have iPad kiosks that let customers order food from the on-site kitchen, iPads with digital scanners to provide details about wine, digital scales for weighing foods, and digital price tags. The reliance on tech over employees is intended to both cut costs — allowing for lower prices —and appeal to millennial shoppers. Retailers like Walmart say one of the major advantages of automation is a better customer experience. "In a modern retail store environment, there is a need to improve the customer experience and/or convenience for the customer," Walmart's patent reads. Images of the self-driving shopping carts from Walmart's patent. US Patent and Trademark Office Walmart's patent notes that robots could help solve some of its major challenges, like insufficient staffing during peak hours, workers who are undertrained because of high turnover rates, messy aisles, and theft — all things that could be addressed by using robots. Robots also make good workers — they never need a vacation, never get sick, and arrive at work 100% trained. Customer experience is especially important for brick-and-mortar retailers in 2016, thanks to the growth of e-commerce sites such as Amazon. The online retailer is aiming to take over sectors from clothing to grocery — and companies are scared. "With increasing competition from nontraditional shopping mechanisms, such as online shopping provided by e-commerce merchants and alternative store formats, it can be important for 'brick and mortar' retailers to focus on improving the overall customer experience and/or convenience," Walmart's patent reads. Amazon's lack of physical stores has helped it thrive, as the company can avoid issues — like long lines, lack of customer service, and stocking problems — that retailers have to deal with. Amazon has arguably led the charge toward automation. In 2014, the online retailer deployed Kiva robots across its warehouses to automate the retrieving and packaging process. Deutsche Bank says the machines save the company roughly $22 million at each fulfillment center. At brick-and-mortar locations, automation also has the bonus of appealing to younger customers — a group that retailers are eager to attract. Nearly a third of people ages 18 to 24 would rather order from the drive-thru at restaurants because "they don't feel like dealing with people," according to a recent study by Frisch's Restaurants, which owns and franchises 120 Big Boy Restaurants. Whole Foods 365's express digital checkout stands. Reuters That's part of the reason that retailers are investing in automation. Whole Foods' 365 brand intends to win over millennials. "There are a lot more options for people these days — whether it's groceries or restaurants or convenience stores — and 365 is our way of evolving," Jeff Turnas, president of 365 by Whole Foods Market, told Business Insider in April. While there are some clear benefits for investing in automation, the rise of the robot may cause problems for workers. A recent study from market research company Forrester predicts that by 2021, robots will have eliminated 6% of all jobs in the US, The Guardian reports. Joe Raedle/Getty Images The benefits of a more automated store are getting more and more appealing as labor costs rise, according to analysts. Walmart told Business Insider that any predictions about how investment in automation would affect workers was premature. However, as companies across the grocery and retail space invest in this technology, it is inevitable that shopping will involve more and more robots. And, as times goes on, that's likely to mean fewer and fewer human employees. Are you a retail worker or shopper that has been affected by automation? Contact the author of this story at ktaylor@businessinsider.com. Disclosure: Jeff Bezos is an investor in Business Insider through his personal investment company Bezos Expeditions. SEE ALSO: Walmart is patenting technology that could have terrifying implications for workers NOW WATCH: Robots are invading big box stores and want to help you shop Loading video... More: Retail Walmart Lowes Whole Foods Whole Foods 365 Amazon facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Walmart, Lowe's, and Whole Foods are banking on this to compete with Amazon Walmart, Lowe's, and Whole Foods are banking on this to compete with Amazon The rise of automation in the fast-food... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Retail Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Retail Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Walmart Keeps Layaway Minimum At $10 By Douglas A. McIntyre September 18, 2016 8:29 am EST Print Email Tweet Walmart (NYSE: WMT) started its layaway programs well in advance of the holiday season. Count backward from December 25 to its September 2 inception, and the period becomes a large fraction of the year. One of the hallmark’s of this year’s program is that the minimum needed to start a program is again only $10. The retailer stressed this particularly when it announced details. There is no opening fee for customers to start a layaway account and they only need to put down 10% (or $10, whichever is greater). Walmart has kept its minimum threshold again this year. Customers can put items as low as $10 on layaway with a $50 minimum basket. Customers have until Dec. 12 to pay off their account. Walmart almost always knows more about the bricks and mortar part of retailer world than anyone else, based on its shear size. If the company believed it could increase the $10 minimum to cut risks on a $50 layaway program, it would. Data must show not enough customers are flush enough to be able to do that, without losing part of its holiday buyer base. And holding that base is important, and profitable. According to MarketWatch, While some people wait for Black Friday deals to start their holiday shopping, many customers started using layaway programs weeks ago. Those shoppers, experts say, have likely been to the store more than once to make payments since, creating a valuable form of customer loyalty. Seventeen percent of shoppers will take advantage of a layaway program this holiday season, according to Deloitte. These programs, in which shoppers reserve products they receive after paying for them over time, give retailers with a way to reach lower-middle and low-income consumers, said Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst at The NPD Group. And creating a customer that has to keep coming back throughout the holiday season is a benefit of these programs. “Every time you come in to pay, [retailers] have the opportunity to talk to you, market to you, upsell you,” Cohen said. “It’s the opportunity to create the ultimate loyal consumer.” Perhaps better, for customer loyalty success than Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) Prime. By almost every measure, Walmart shoppers, on average, have lower incomes than other retailers. Lawaway become a necessity to hold customers, and is also the ultimate way to get the next sales I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Douglas A. McIntyre « 9 Cities Where Home Flippers Make $100,000 a House Twitter Sued for Failing » Read more: Retail, Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities With the Highest Poverty Rates America's Poorest Cities 50 Worst Cities to Live In The Worst Companies to Work For The Richest Town in Every State Recent Ardagh Registers for IPO Cotiviti Files for Secondary Offering 5 Large Cap Tech Giants On Sale and It Is Time to Buy Will More Black Friday Discounts Offset Pre-Election Slump? Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Walt Disney Co. Could Be a Top Stock Pick for 2017 America's 10 Most Profitable Big Banks 3 Stocks to Buy With Dividends Yielding More Than 4% U.S. leading economic indicators rise 0.1% in October DryShips' stock was up 64% prior to volatility trading halt DryShips' stock halted for volatility Stocks Can See Clearly Now Upbeat Data Sparks Rally in Housing Stocks and ETFs Can Nutrisystem (NTRI) Stock Continue to Grow Earnings? A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively Rio Tinto in spotlight as Australia fraud police targets resources industry Abercrombie & Fitch quarterly sales fall again Is Mallincrockdt Too Risky to Buy Right Now? How To Know When To Dial Your Confidence Up—Or Down Trump Falsely Claims He Stopped Ford From Leaving Kentucky For Mexico Trump-Loving Man Throws Tantrum At Black Starbucks Employee Over Coffee Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Close In some parts of open-carry America, even a trip to Walmart can require an AR-15. - SentinelSource.com: National And World Advanced Search 40° Clear SentinelSource.com News Local Local Crime Reports Obituaries Environment National & World Religion Special Reports Photos e-Edition Business Top Story New zoning could pinpoint where bars are allowed in Keene If it looks like a bar, sounds like a bar and smells like a bar, it must be a bar. Well, not in Keene: All bars are considered restaurants und… posted: November 17 rss More headlines Bus strike averted for now Spofford man accused of assault in Keene grocery store parking lot Peterborough Players to lift curtain in winter for first time Olson files notice to appeal restitution order Winchester hires new town administrator The Keene Sentinel e-Edition The Keene Sentinel e-Edition Sports Local Sports News Schedules Contests Submit a Score Top Story Harlem Ambassadors comedy basketball team to play tonight at Keene High Basketball season is flourishing again all around us, and part of the new start includes an appearance in Keene tonight by the Harlem Ambassad… Updated: 8:35 am rss More headlines Porcello named AL's top pitcher, wins Cy Young award Bruins rookie Brandon Carlo shows all the attributes of a veteran Elks Hoops Shoot events set for Dec. 10 at Keene and Bellows Falls NBA legends, baseball announcer to receive highest civilian honor from President Obama Community Community News Weddings & Engagements Births Anniversaries Community Calendar Top Story Community news Nov. 16 Author to address writers’ group posted: November 16 Community News Hecker/Hinman wedding Currier/Herpel wedding Vita/Duffy wedding Community news Nov. 12, 2016 Community News, Nov. 11, 2016 Entertainment Entertainment News Games Calendar Local TV Listings Dear Abby Top Story Celebrity birthdays, Nov. 17, 2016 Actress Lauren Hutton is 73 posted: November 17 rss More headlines Horoscope Celebrity birthdays, Nov. 17, 2016 Booklet gives easy tutorial on how to write a letter Horoscope Celebrity birthdays, Nov. 16, 2016 Life & Style Food Travel & Leisure Home and Garden Lifestyles Pets Books Health & Fitness Parenting Top Story New weapon against deadliest cancer Lung cancer, which kills almost 160,000 Americans a year, is among the cruelest of foes. Most patients are diagnosed at an advanced stage, und… posted: November 16 rss More headlines In Brief Teens who use e-cigarettes are more likely to smoke tobacco, study finds On vaccinations, a pointed shift for pediatricians Women's wellness: 5 things you need to know about early menopause Baking Central: Buttery layers of pull-apart bread Top Story Submission Guidelines to the Public Muse Local writers are encouraged to submit short pieces of their best verse to Susan Quatrain, judge of The Public Muse, in care of The Keene Sent… posted: September 25 CONFUSION by Lee F. Johnson of Swanzey, NH The stars are slow coming out tonite posted: September 25 THE JOURNEY by Lee F. Johnson of Swanzey, NH Many a path have I taken in this life posted: September 25 Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Columnists Cartoons Editorial As with smoking, awareness regarding vaping is a good thing Today is the American Cancer Society’s annual Great American Smokeout, the 40th such event. The premise is simple, and has been effective, if … posted: November 17 rss Columnists Rogers' departure from the Trump team is alarming Sorry, protesters; America is not a safe space The coffee generation Beyond the Ishtar Gate, sorority rss Letters to the editor Rogers' departure from the Trump team is alarming Sorry, protesters; America is not a safe space The coffee generation Beyond the Ishtar Gate, sorority Trump should draw on advice of Obama When schools misbehave: In disputes over disabilities, let parents sue Fighting against Trumpian triumphalism Birdwatching: Patience, faith and, sometimes, a load of nothing, by Chris Bosak Advertise Advertise With Us Online Rate Card Online Rate Card The Keene Sentinel Rate Card Rate Card More Site help About Us Contact Us Parent express Mobile Rss Register Account lookup Send to The Sentinel Classifieds Place Classified Ad Merchandise Yard Sales Autos Homes Jobs (on kscareerfinder.com) Jobs Jobs Place your ad now! Services Services Cleaning Services (1) Lessons & Classes (1) - Private Instruction & Tutoring (1) Home Repair & Maintenance (4) - Construction & Remodeling (1) - Other Home Services (1) - Painting & Staining Services (2) Lawn & Garden Services (1) Other Services (3) Place your ad now! Real Estate for Sale or Rent Real Estate For Sale Or Rent Other (2) Property For Rent (39) - Apartments for Rent (31) - Commercial & Office Space for Rent (4) - Condos & Townhouses for Rent (1) - Homes for Rent (1) - Storage Space for Rent (1) - Vacation Rentals (1) Real Estate (2) - Single-Family Houses (1) - Mobile Homes for Sale (1) Place your ad now! Pets Pets Livestock (1) - Livestock Supplies (1) Other Pets (3) Place your ad now! Property For Rent Property For Rent Apartments for Rent (31) Commercial & Office Space for Rent (4) - Industrial Property for Rent (1) - Retail Property for rent (3) Condos & Townhouses for Rent (1) Homes for Rent (1) Storage Space for Rent (1) Vacation Rentals (1) Place your ad now! Auctions, Estate & Garage Sales Auctions, Estate & Garage Sales Garage & Yard Sales (3) Place your ad now! Cars & Vehicles Cars & Vehicles Cars (6) - SUVs (2) - Trucks (1) Heavy Equipment Vehicles (1) Vehicle Parts, Accessories & Storage (1) - Car & Truck Parts & Accessories (1) RVs & Motor Homes (1) Trailers (1) Place your ad now! Community Community Announcements (3) - Celebrations (1) - Legal Announcements (2) Place your ad now! Subscribe Home News National and World In some parts of open-carry America, even a trip to Walmart can require an AR-15. Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Jabin Botsford / Washington Post Always armed, always on guard Jim Cooley carries his AR-15 semiautomatic rifle into his home after having it fixed. Cooley almost never leaves his home unarmed. Posted: Sunday, September 18, 2016 8:00 am In some parts of open-carry America, even a trip to Walmart can require an AR-15. By Terrence McCoy The Washington Post SentinelSource.com WINDER, Ga. — All Jim Cooley wants to do is buy some soda. “You want to come to Walmart?” he asks his wife. “No,” Maria says. “Pretty please?” Jim asks. “I’m not going to sit there and have the police called on you. I mean, I don’t want to see that crap,” Maria says, knowing what a trip to Walmart means. She knows her 51-year-old husband has two guns inside the house, and this afternoon it won’t be the 9mm, which he straps on with a round in the chamber when grabbing lunch at his favorite fast-food restaurant or visiting a friend’s auto shop. It’ll be the AR-15 semiautomatic rifle, which he brings when going somewhere he thinks is dangerous, like the Atlanta airport, where he’s taken it loaded with a 100-bullet drum, or Walmart, where he thinks crowds could pose an easy targets for terrorists. In a country of relaxing gun laws where it’s now legal to open-carry in 45 states and there are 14.5 million people with carry permits, every day seems to bring a new version of what open carry can mean. In Kentucky, it’s now legal to open-carry in city buildings. In downtown Cleveland, people carried military-style rifles during the Republican National Convention. In Howell, Michigan, last month, a father went openly armed to his child’s middle-school orientation. In Mississippi, it’s now legal to open-carry without a permit at all. And in Georgia, which has passed a “guns everywhere” bill and has issued nearly 1 million carry permits, Jim Cooley is staking out his version of what’s acceptable as he keeps pleading with his wife. “I got to get soda.” Maria sighs. She worked the night before assembling air-conditioner compressors at a nearby factory, and in a few hours, she knows she’ll have to leave for another third shift. “Yeah,” she says, giving in. “I might as well get this travesty out of the way.” “What travesty?” “You carrying a big ol’ rifle in the store, scaring the hell out of all the Walmart shoppers.” “There’s no difference between carrying a rifle and carrying a handgun,” he says. “You tried that last time, remember?” Maria says, stepping into a pair of flip-flops and running her fingers through her hair. “And what happened? Barrow County sheriffs. Three or four of them.” “They can’t tell me what and what not to carry,” Jim says. “You know I wouldn’t listen to them anyway.” “Well, you go one way in the store; I’ll go the other,” Maria says. “Then when they say, ‘Ma’am, do you know this person?’ I’ll say, ‘No, I’ve never seen him before in my life.’ “ He places a lit cigarette into an ashtray, walks into his bedroom, reaches behind its door, picks up the AR-15, snaps in a magazine with 15 rounds, and slings the rifle around his left shoulder so it rests against his torso. “Ready?” he asks. “Yeah,” she says, grabbing her purse and following her husband out the door for an afternoon trip to Walmart to buy soda. - — - The gun Jim Cooley carries is the ATI Omni-Hybrid Maxx AR-15 semiautomatic rifle. It cost him $579.99. It weighs 6.25 pounds, is 35 inches long, and fires bullets as fast as the trigger can be pulled, and, as Jim has learned, fits nicely between the front seats of a white minivan with peeling paint on the front and a bumper sticker on the back that says, “I (heart) Law.” Jim goes everywhere now with a gun — if not the AR-15, then his sidearm — and is so reliant on one being close by that it surprises him to think the majority of his life was lived otherwise. He was raised in a working-class family in Chicago, where he can’t imagine living now because of its strict gun laws. But they didn’t bother him then. He didn’t hunt. He didn’t fear for his safety. If his dad had a gun, no one knew. He grew up without a gun, went to church without a gun, married Maria without a gun, began raising two children without a gun, and settled into a life that felt as safe as it was dependable. But then it began unraveling, starting when he was fired from a trucking job days after telling Maria, who was pregnant with their first child, to quit her job and focus on the baby, that he could support them both. Their first bankruptcy filing wasn’t far behind, then the second, and the third, and then they were moving to Florida, where Maria had family and where Jim got a job with a grocery chain. It transferred him to Winder, and he moved the family into a middle-class neighborhood struggling with crime and drugs. Jim now steers past the house of a neighbor who sold him his first gun — a .380 semiautomatic for $100 — so he could protect his family from that crime, then past Winder’s only gun shop where he took his dad so he could buy a gun, too. He lights a cigarette, feels the breeze from an open window because the air conditioner is broken, and takes a sip of soda from a big mug that says Athens Regional Medical Center. It’s a memento of sorts from the day in late 2008 when he emerged from that hospital with three stents in his heart, debts worth $41,052.51 and a dawning realization he was now disabled, broke and would never work again. After the heart attack, he lost most of the circulation in his legs, received three more stents and started using an electric scooter whenever he had to walk long distances. He told Maria he was all used up, a drag on the family. She should think about leaving him. But she wouldn’t, even after the hospital sued him for unpaid medical bills, even after he was arrested when he carried his .380 outside a school board meeting, even after he came home one day with an AR-15. He shot it at a nearby firing range and, feeling a sense of control that had gone missing in his life, told Maria he could now keep the family safe. She now sits at his side, as always, in the passenger seat. At first, she didn’t understand the changes she saw in the man she married 24 years ago. Why did he suddenly want a gun when he never mentioned one before? Why did he want her to get one, too? Why did he put two four-inch knives inside the car’s passenger-side door? And why all the security cameras? Maria glances at a small screen beneath the rearview mirror: It shows feeds from surveillance cameras affixed inside the car that start recording when someone turns the ignition. - — - But Maria went along with all of it. She bought a .380 semiautomatic and has gotten used to taking it with her wherever she goes. She got used to the cameras, too, including the seven Jim placed around the house’s perimeter. She began to understand why he was so concerned about crime, about terrorists, about the need to protect their family because they couldn’t count on the government to do it for them. Last year, when he showed her his new AR-15 and asked her to shoot it, she did, feeling intimidated afterward. But then she did it again. And when he started bringing the rifle not just to the range, but to Atlanta, to the airport, inside Walmart, she eventually went along with that, too. So much of her life involves accommodating him now, including just before they left for Walmart and he asked her to send a Facebook message to a local deputy about his plans. “What do you want me to tell him?” Maria had asked. “Say, ‘Hey, buddy, I’m going to Walmart, and I’m going to have my AR with me, so if any call comes over the radio, you know it’s me,” Jim told her. Maria sat at a laptop in a bedroom cluttered with stacks of documents, some of which detailed foreclosure proceedings against the house, and saw the browser had 35 tabs open. One was a YouTube video of something called “Police State 101.” Another showed the dictionary definition of the word “law.” Another was a fringe website her husband classifies as “underground,” the sort he started visiting more frequently after he joined a Georgia militia in late 2014 and decided it was up to him to protect his family from foreign and government threats. She messaged the deputy, then looked at Jim’s Facebook page. It bore pictures of her husband carrying guns and posts about a country dissolving into chaos and videos about people stopping intruders with guns, people killing burglars with guns, people shooting big guns, small guns, all kinds of guns, that he watches late into the night. She came back to the kitchen table, where Jim sat and smoked. “At least I notified the sheriff’s department ahead of time,” he said. He looked at Maria. “Come on, come to Walmart with me,” he said. “I got to get soda.” So she went along with that, too, and now here she is, pulling into a parking spot outside Walmart, and her husband is reaching for an AR-15 that he tells her sometimes he would have no problem using against a thief breaking into their house, or a violent protester in the streets of Milwaukee, or a terrorist in Syria, or, if necessary, even a stray dog on their lawn. - — - The Walmart Supercenter is outside of downtown Winder, next to the Subway, the Great Clips, the GameStop, and buffered by a parking lot that can easily fit hundreds of cars, but is rarely more than half-full on weekdays. There are two entrances. One is beside the landscaping section and says “Home and Garden” above the doorway. The other, which Jim now walks through, leads to another Subway, this one just inside the supercenter. As Maria goes ahead, Jim veers to the right, where he climbs into a complimentary electric scooter, repositions his AR-15 so its barrel points toward the scuffed vinyl floor, and rolls into the store. “Hey, Maria,” he calls when catching up to her. “Do we need any lunch meat?” “I’ll go get some salami,” she says. “All right,” he says, now alone, and accelerates the scooter deeper into the store, crossing into the grocery section. Two middle-aged women stand beside a refrigerator, talking. One of them looks at Jim, sees the gun around his neck and goes silent. The other woman turns, and when she sees the gun, her expression freezes, too. But it’s not the fearful looks that Jim notices as he rolls past. It’s a nearby sale. “Eighty-eight cents for a loaf,” he says and keeps moving toward the back of the store. Not everyone sees his AR-15, which is partially obscured by the cart. One man walks past without a second look. So does a woman, making her way into the clothing section. One couple give Jim wide berth, their eyes on his scooter and, briefly, his gun. And then Jim gets where he’s going — the soda aisle — and sees what he’s looking for. He reaches out and, grunting, pulls free a 24-pack of Diet Dr. Thunder. Trying not to jostle the AR-15, he leans forward and, twisting awkwardly, drops the box into the scooter’s front cart, accidentally tearing it open. “They don’t make these things like they used to,” he says quietly and grabs another 24-pack of Diet Dr. Thunder, placing this one inside the cart more gently. In search of Maria, he continues into the dairy section, where he wheels past a father and his young daughter who stares at his rifle, into aisle 9, where he puts a large can of Great Value Classic Roast Coffee into his cart, and finally back to the front of the supercenter, where he sees Maria ordering salami. She takes the soda and coffee out of his cart and places it in her own. She gestures at a nearby cheesecake. “They got strawberry swirl,” she says. He is leaning forward. The muzzle of the loaded gun is pressing against his shoe. Now it’s sliding under his shoelaces. “Give me the strawberry swirl,” he says, and as Maria heads toward the checkout line with the cheesecake, the salami, the coffee and the soda, he straightens up and the muzzle slides free of his shoe. He steers toward the front doors, parks the scooter, slowly stands and walks outside, and that’s when a group of employees standing just outside the entrance notices the gun. “Is that what I see?” one will later recall saying. “What do we do if he comes in the store?” “If someone feels uncomfortable, what can we do?” They continue staring as Jim walks into the parking lot toward the car. “You know my grandfather was murdered, right?” one of the employees says, and as they launch into a discussion of a robbery and shooting that happened in 1973, they are in the midst of a late summer afternoon in 2016 with its own set of shootings. In California, by the end of this day, a 61-year-old man will have been shot to death at a carwash. In Virginia, an intruder will have burst into a home and killed a 24-year-old man inside. In Missouri, a woman will have shot and killed a man she said was chasing her. And meanwhile, in Georgia, Jim is braking hard on the ride home, causing his AR-15 to topple forward. “Can you hold onto that for me, please?” he asks Maria. “Yeah,” she says, putting the gun back where it was, and without further incident they continue on their way home, where Jim puts away his AR-15, sits down at the kitchen table and takes a drink of Diet Dr. Thunder. Discuss Print Posted in National and World, News on Sunday, September 18, 2016 8:00 am. Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Not you?|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Latest News Videos Submit your news! Submit your news! We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on! Submit news Most Popular Most Popular Stories Police: Keene convenience store robber made off with cash, assaulted owner (0) Police arrest man in connection with Keene convenience store robbery (0) Spofford man accused of assault in Keene grocery store parking lot (0) Police: Man crashes into car of woman tending to injured owl in Keene (0) Possible bus driver strike could hit region starting Thursday (0) Most Popular Photos Most Popular Videos Sections Home News Sports Entertainment Business Opinion Community Life & Style Photos Videos Online Features Weather Services About Us Contact Us Rack Locations Advertise Place an Ad Subscription Services Submit to the Sentinel Site Index Add Search Toolbar Contact us Submit news, events, letters, etc. SentinelSource.com Phone number: 603-352-1234 E-mail: webmaster@keenesentinel.com Address: 60 West Street Keene, NH 03431 Search Search in: All News Sports Entertainment Life & Style News/obituaries Business Opinion Community Photo Galleries Video © Copyright 2016, SentinelSource.com, Keene, NH. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Remember me on this computer Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
null
null
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 4:06am Sat 19 November Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation World Videos Climate Australia Pacific Asia USA South America Europe Middle East Africa Disasters Strange but True Photos The Big Read: In some parts of open-carry America, even a trip to Walmart can require an AR-15 By Terrence McCoy 5:42 PM Monday Sep 19, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print United States Jim Cooley carries his AR-15 semiautomatic rifle into his home after having it fixed. Cooley almost never leaves his home unarmed. Photo / The Washington Post / Jabin Botsford All Jim Cooley wants to do is buy some soda. "You want to come to Walmart?" he asks his wife. "No," Maria says. "Pretty please?" Jim asks. "I'm not going to sit there and have the police called on you. I mean, I don't want to see that crap," Maria says, knowing what a trip to Walmart means. She knows her 51-year-old husband has two guns inside the house, and this afternoon it won't be the 9mm, which he straps on with a round in the chamber when grabbing lunch at his favorite fast-food restaurant or visiting a friend's auto shop. It'll be the AR-15 semiautomatic rifle, which he brings when going somewhere he thinks is dangerous, like the Atlanta airport, where he's taken it loaded with a 100-bullet drum, or Walmart, where he thinks crowds could pose an easy targets for terrorists. In a country of relaxing gun laws where it's now legal to open-carry in 45 states and there are 14.5 million people with carry permits, every day seems to bring a new version of what open carry can mean. In Kentucky, it's now legal to open-carry in city buildings. In downtown Cleveland, people carried military-style rifles during the Republican National Convention. In Howell, Michigan, last month, a father went openly armed to his child's middle-school orientation. In Mississippi, it's now legal to open-carry without a permit at all. And in Georgia, which has passed a "guns everywhere" bill and has issued nearly 1 million carry permits, Jim Cooley is staking out his version of what's acceptable as he keeps pleading with his wife. "I got to get soda." Maria sighs. She worked the night before assembling air-conditioner compressors at a nearby factory, and in a few hours, she knows she'll have to leave for another third shift. "Yeah," she says, giving in. "I might as well get this travesty out of the way." Continued below. Related Content Pregnant teen shot to death in Chicago but baby survives Cartoon: Auckland ratepayers v Duco Political Roundup: In defence of Gareth Morgan's new party "What travesty?" "You carrying a big ol' rifle in the store, scaring the hell out of all the Walmart shoppers." "There's no difference between carrying a rifle and carrying a handgun," he says. "You tried that last time, remember?" Maria says, stepping into a pair of flip-flops and running her fingers through her hair. "And what happened? Barrow County sheriffs. Three or four of them." "They can't tell me what and what not to carry," Jim says. "You know I wouldn't listen to them anyway." "Well, you go one way in the store; I'll go the other," Maria says. "Then when they say, 'Ma'am, do you know this person?' I'll say, 'No, I've never seen him before in my life.' " He places a lit cigarette into an ashtray, walks into his bedroom, reaches behind its door, picks up the AR-15, snaps in a magazine with 15 rounds, and slings the rifle around his left shoulder so it rests against his torso. "Ready?" he asks. "Yeah," she says, grabbing her purse and following her husband out the door for an afternoon trip to Walmart to buy soda. Jim Cooley smokes a cigarette as he rests after doing errands at his home in Winder, Ga. Photo / The Washington Post / Jabin Botsford The gun Jim Cooley carries is the ATI Omni-Hybrid Maxx AR-15 semiautomatic rifle. It cost him $579.99. It weighs 6.25 pounds, is 35 inches long, and fires bullets as fast as the trigger can be pulled, and, as Jim has learned, fits nicely between the front seats of a white minivan with peeling paint on the front and a bumper sticker on the back that says, "I (heart) Law." Jim goes everywhere now with a gun - if not the AR-15, then his sidearm - and is so reliant on one being close by that it surprises him to think the majority of his life was lived otherwise. He was raised in a working-class family in Chicago, where he can't imagine living now because of its strict gun laws. But they didn't bother him then. He didn't hunt. He didn't fear for his safety. If his dad had a gun, no one knew. He grew up without a gun, went to church without a gun, married Maria without a gun, began raising two children without a gun, and settled into a life that felt as safe as it was dependable. But then it began unraveling, starting when he was fired from a trucking job days after telling Maria, who was pregnant with their first child, to quit her job and focus on the baby, that he could support them both. Their first bankruptcy filing wasn't far behind, then the second, and the third, and then they were moving to Florida, where Maria had family and where Jim got a job with a grocery chain. It transferred him to Winder, and he moved the family into a middle-class neighborhood struggling with crime and drugs. Jim now steers past the house of a neighbor who sold him his first gun - a .380 semiautomatic for $100 - so he could protect his family from that crime, then past Winder's only gun shop where he took his dad so he could buy a gun, too. He lights a cigarette, feels the breeze from an open window because the air conditioner is broken, and takes a sip of soda from a big mug that says Athens Regional Medical Center. It's a memento of sorts from the day in late 2008 when he emerged from that hospital with three stents in his heart, debts worth $41,052.51 and a dawning realization he was now disabled, broke and would never work again. After the heart attack, he lost most of the circulation in his legs, received three more stents and started using an electric scooter whenever he had to walk long distances. He told Maria he was all used up, a drag on the family. She should think about leaving him. But she wouldn't, even after the hospital sued him for unpaid medical bills, even after he was arrested when he carried his .380 outside a school board meeting, even after he came home one day with an AR-15. He shot it at a nearby firing range and, feeling a sense of control that had gone missing in his life, told Maria he could now keep the family safe. She now sits at his side, as always, in the passenger seat. At first, she didn't understand the changes she saw in the man she married 24 years ago. Why did he suddenly want a gun when he never mentioned one before? Why did he want her to get one, too? Why did he put two four-inch knives inside the car's passenger-side door? And why all the security cameras? Maria glances at a small screen beneath the rearview mirror: It shows feeds from surveillance cameras affixed inside the car that start recording when someone turns the ignition. Jim Cooley drives his van with five security cameras recording to the grocery store in Winder, Ga. Photo / The Washington Post / Jabin Botsford Jim Cooley feeds bees at his home in Winder, Ga. Photo / The Washington Post/ Jabin Botsford But Maria went along with all of it. She bought a .380 semiautomatic and has gotten used to taking it with her wherever she goes. She got used to the cameras, too, including the seven Jim placed around the house's perimeter. She began to understand why he was so concerned about crime, about terrorists, about the need to protect their family because they couldn't count on the government to do it for them. Last year, when he showed her his new AR-15 and asked her to shoot it, she did, feeling intimidated afterward. But then she did it again. And when he started bringing the rifle not just to the range, but to Atlanta, to the airport, inside Walmart, she eventually went along with that, too. So much of her life involves accommodating him now, including just before they left for Walmart and he asked her to send a Facebook message to a local deputy about his plans. "What do you want me to tell him?" Maria had asked. "Say, 'Hey, buddy, I'm going to Walmart, and I'm going to have my AR with me, so if any call comes over the radio, you know it's me," Jim told her. Maria sat at a laptop in a bedroom cluttered with stacks of documents, some of which detailed foreclosure proceedings against the house, and saw the browser had 35 tabs open. One was a YouTube video of something called "Police State 101." Another showed the dictionary definition of the word "law." Another was a fringe website her husband classifies as "underground," the sort he started visiting more frequently after he joined a Georgia militia in late 2014 and decided it was up to him to protect his family from foreign and government threats. She messaged the deputy, then looked at Jim's Facebook page. It bore pictures of her husband carrying guns and posts about a country dissolving into chaos and videos about people stopping intruders with guns, people killing burglars with guns, people shooting big guns, small guns, all kinds of guns, that he watches late into the night. She came back to the kitchen table, where Jim sat and smoked. "At least I notified the sheriff's department ahead of time," he said. He looked at Maria. "Come on, come to Walmart with me," he said. "I got to get soda." So she went along with that, too, and now here she is, pulling into a parking spot outside Walmart, and her husband is reaching for an AR-15 that he tells her sometimes he would have no problem using against a thief breaking into their house, or a violent protester in the streets of Milwaukee, or a terrorist in Syria, or, if necessary, even a stray dog on their lawn. Jim Cooley stands for a portrait with his AR-15 semiautomatic rifle at his home. Photo / The Washington Post / Jabin Botsford The Walmart Supercenter is outside of downtown Winder, next to the Subway, the Great Clips, the GameStop, and buffered by a parking lot that can easily fit hundreds of cars, but is rarely more than half-full on weekdays. There are two entrances. One is beside the landscaping section and says "Home and Garden" above the doorway. The other, which Jim now walks through, leads to another Subway, this one just inside the supercenter. As Maria goes ahead, Jim veers to the right, where he climbs into a complimentary electric scooter, repositions his AR-15 so its barrel points toward the scuffed vinyl floor, and rolls into the store. "Hey, Maria," he calls when catching up to her. "Do we need any lunch meat?" "I'll go get some salami," she says. "All right," he says, now alone, and accelerates the scooter deeper into the store, crossing into the grocery section. Two middle-aged women stand beside a refrigerator, talking. One of them looks at Jim, sees the gun around his neck and goes silent. The other woman turns, and when she sees the gun, her expression freezes, too. But it's not the fearful looks that Jim notices as he rolls past. It's a nearby sale. "Eighty-eight cents for a loaf," he says and keeps moving toward the back of the store. Not everyone sees his AR-15, which is partially obscured by the cart. One man walks past without a second look. So does a woman, making her way into the clothing section. One couple give Jim wide berth, their eyes on his scooter and, briefly, his gun. And then Jim gets where he's going - the soda aisle - and sees what he's looking for. He reaches out and, grunting, pulls free a 24-pack of Diet Dr. Thunder. Trying not to jostle the AR-15, he leans forward and, twisting awkwardly, drops the box into the scooter's front cart, accidentally tearing it open. "They don't make these things like they used to," he says quietly and grabs another 24-pack of Diet Dr. Thunder, placing this one inside the cart more gently. In search of Maria, he continues into the dairy section, where he wheels past a father and his young daughter who stares at his rifle, into aisle 9, where he puts a large can of Great Value Classic Roast Coffee into his cart, and finally back to the front of the supercenter, where he sees Maria ordering salami. She takes the soda and coffee out of his cart and places it in her own. She gestures at a nearby cheesecake. "They got strawberry swirl," she says. He is leaning forward. The muzzle of the loaded gun is pressing against his shoe. Now it's sliding under his shoelaces. "Give me the strawberry swirl," he says, and as Maria heads toward the checkout line with the cheesecake, the salami, the coffee and the soda, he straightens up and the muzzle slides free of his shoe. He steers toward the front doors, parks the scooter, slowly stands and walks outside, and that's when a group of employees standing just outside the entrance notices the gun. "Is that what I see?" one will later recall saying. "What do we do if he comes in the store?" "If someone feels uncomfortable, what can we do?" They continue staring as Jim walks into the parking lot toward the car. "You know my grandfather was murdered, right?" one of the employees says, and as they launch into a discussion of a robbery and shooting that happened in 1973, they are in the midst of a late summer afternoon in 2016 with its own set of shootings. In California, by the end of this day, a 61-year-old man will have been shot to death at a carwash. In Virginia, an intruder will have burst into a home and killed a 24-year-old man inside. In Missouri, a woman will have shot and killed a man she said was chasing her. And meanwhile, in Georgia, Jim is braking hard on the ride home, causing his AR-15 to topple forward. "Can you hold onto that for me, please?" he asks Maria. "Yeah," she says, putting the gun back where it was, and without further incident they continue on their way home, where Jim puts away his AR-15, sits down at the kitchen table and takes a drink of Diet Dr. Thunder. - Washington Post By Terrence McCoy Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Wyn Drabble: Xmas shopping made easy Trade Me can help you with your Christmas shopping. No, of course it's not too early… Hawke's Bay Today Hapu boost for Food Hub A sign of the potential of iwi development in Hawke's Bay's economic future has come… Bay of Plenty Times Arena packed for awards night The annual Sports Awards were packed out with glammed up guests, celebrating the sporting… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Speedway ace Michael Pickens talks highs and lows It has been a year of triumph and tragedy for Michael Pickens... Viva Red-carpet winners at the NZ Music Awards From Aaradhna to Bic Runga and Samantha Hayes, these were our favourite fashion looks… Bite Coffee walnut cake To make the cake Heat oven to 160C fan bake. Grease a 22cm cake tin. Place oil, sugar… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2016, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf05 at 19 Nov 2016 04:29:43 Processing Time: 124ms
IN CUSTODY: East Prairie man accused of violently beating woman - KAIT Jonesboro, AR - Region 8 News, weather, sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY - Home Recalls Trending Stories Slideshows National Entertainment Terrorism around the world Strange Education News President-elect Donald Trump Right This Minute Video Coverage Iraq Crisis Mobile Apps Available Email & Text Alerts LOCAL 2016 General Election races Business - Money Watch CrimeStoppers Your Voice Your Vote 2016 Religion Today Technology Tracking Region 8 Pump Patrol WEATHER INTERACTIVE ALERTS MAP River Stages INTERACTIVE RADAR StormTRACK Doppler 8 Radar Window Farmers' Forecast SkyCAM Network Central Dealerships StormTracker SneezeCAST Region 8 News LIVE or Latest Weather and disaster coverage Mobile Apps Available Winter Weather Closings & Cancellations SPORTS Football Friday Night online edition 2016 World Series A-State Red Wolves Arkansas Razorbacks Region 8 Outdoors Subscribe/Manage Text Alerts SEC Digital Network Video Video Health Affordable Care Act Health & Medical Home Health Connections SneezeCAST Cold & Flu Baby Faces - Presented by NEA Baptist Mobile Apps Available LIFESTYLE Main Holiday Helper Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style VideoBytes Press Releases TV KAIT-TV Programming Schedule NBC Region 8 - What's On Fix It - Finish It Flip My Food ABC.com NBC.com Children's Television Act Compliance Mobile Apps Available COMMUNITY Region 8 Community Calendar Stay Focused and Drive Pledge Teacher of The Year - Scholarship Salute Take a Road Trip kait8.com Obituaries GR8 Acts of Kindness Region 8 Crime Watch Region 8 Pump Patrol Religion Today Energy Alert System Mobile Apps Available About Us KAIT Contact Info Meet Our News Team Contact Region 8 News Contact Our Sales Team Digital Sales Region 8 News LIVE or Latest KAIT Jobs KAIT 50th Anniversary: 1963-2013 Mobile Apps Available Contests GR8 Acts of Kindness - Promotion Rules GMR8 Birthday Club IN CUSTODY: East Prairie man accused of violently beating woman 2016-09-17T18:18:06Z2016-09-22T23:01:57Z Written by Zach Robinson, Digital Producer Email Connect zrobinson@kfvs12.com Joseph Phillip Latamondeer (Source: Sikeston DPS) Joseph Phillip Latamondeer (Source: Sikeston DPS) SIKESTON, MO (KFVS) - A man accused of brutally beating a 25-year-old woman is now in custody. According to Mississippi County Sheriff Keith Moore, Joseph Phillip Latamondeer, 40, of East Prairie, was taken into custody on Thursday afternoon, September 22. Sheriff Moore said Latamondeer was at his dad's home in Mississippi County when he was arrested around 4:30 p.m. The sheriff's department had to make entry and found Latamondeer hiding inside the home. He was taken to the Mississippi County Jail. Sheriff Moore said Sikeston police assisted in the arrest. On Friday, at 1:52 a.m., officers were sent to Missouri Delta Medical Center in Sikeston, Mo. to assist another agency in reference to a domestic assault. Further investigation revealed that the domestic assault began at Walmart in Sikeston. The victim said she was assaulted by her boyfriend of one month, who was identified as Joseph Phillip Latamondeer. On Wednesday, September 14, the victim said it started at Walmart in Sikeston when Latamondeer punched her in the face in the parking lot before going inside for a few items.  Afterwards, they then drove to Hardee's to get some food. While in the drive-thru she said she tried to run away because she was afraid. The victim said she went up to Hardee's and attempted to go inside but the doors were locked. There were two other vehicles in the drive-thru, so she went to the first vehicle and they told her to leave. The second vehicle allowed her to talk and climb in the back seat. As she climbed inside, Latamondeer allegedly drug her out of the vehicle by her hair and arms and threw her into his vehicle. The victim said they then drove out of Sikeston city limits and to County Road 820 in New Madrid County where his truck broke down from overheating. She said she then tried to run again but he caught her. She stated he started kicking her several times in the sides and then threw her back into the truck and drove to Mississippi County to a place called 'Rock Bottoms.' The victim said they then got on an ATV, where Latamondeer started attacking her again. After the assault, he then drove her home. The victim said that this was not the first time he assaulted her, but she could not recall exact dates or times. The officer delivering the probable cause statement said the following about the injuries: "It is clear based on his actions in the past and this new charge that he is going to continue to commit violent acts towards women without any disregard for what he is doing or the amount of pain he inflicts. Based on my 25+ year working in law enforcement this was by far the most bruising I have ever seen on a victim as a result of being assaulted." The probable cause statements indicated the victim had burns on her back and chest that looked to be from a cigarette, according to medical personnel at Missouri Delta Medical Center. The report states she also had bruising on her face, chin and neck, on her left arm, covering the entire arm above the elbow, bruising all over her back, on her buttocks, bruising on her upper left leg and knee covering almost the entire thigh, three large bruises on her right upper thigh and knee, multiple bruises on her chest and stomach area. The victim also had approximately 16 bite marks on her back, chest, arms and legs. She had 8 broken ribs, broken in multiple places. She was in kidney failure as a result of the assault, requiring dialysis, and also has a bruised heart sustained from the domestic assault, according to investigators. The victim's mother says her daughter's friend called her because she could not get inside the victim's home in East Prairie, but could hear her crying. Her mother then went inside to find her daughter crying on the edge of her bed, saying that her whole body hurt. Her mother said she could see the bruising on her face, neck, and arms. The victim recounted the events of the night, saying she was afraid to go to the hospital. The victim's father said he received a phone call from the victim's mother saying their daughter had been hurt. He arrived at the home and learned that Latamondeer had allegedly beaten her, apparently because she told him she planned on leaving the state. Latamondeer has several prior felony convictions. He now faces charges of domestic assault, first degree - serious physical injury, kidnapping, and armed criminal action. Download the KFVS News app: iPhone | Android Copyright 2016 KFVS. All rights reserved. Latest WiresMore>> National Stories National Tech stories from the AP wire Tech stories from the AP wire Technology stories from the Associated Press. Technology stories from the Associated Press. Strange Stories Strange News Health Stories Health Stories Political Stories from the Associated Press Political Stories from the Associated Press Get the latest news on national politics. Get the latest news on national politics.    Region 8 News</span><a class="customMoreLink" href="/Global/category.asp?C=4391" target="_top">More >></a>Region 8 NewsMore>> Police chief claims DHS failed to respond to report of abandoned baby Police chief claims DHS failed to respond to report of abandoned baby Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 9:16 AM EST2016-11-18 14:16:41 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 10:07 AM EST2016-11-18 15:07:42 GMT In an interview, West Memphis Police Chief Donald Oaks expresses frustration with the Dept. of Human Services. (Source: KATV) West Memphis Police Chief Donald Oaks said it took hours for DHS to respond after his officers found a 2-month-old in the Krystal Burgers parking lot. West Memphis Police Chief Donald Oaks said it took hours for DHS to respond after his officers found a 2-month-old in the Krystal Burgers parking lot. TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash reported on Main, Johnson TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash reported on Main, Johnson Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 7:29 AM EST2016-11-18 12:29:53 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 9:16 AM EST2016-11-18 14:16:04 GMT Craighead County Dispatch reports an accident with injuries on Main St. and E. Johnson Ave. Craighead County Dispatch reports an accident with injuries on Main St. and E. Johnson Ave. City plans to demolish flea-infested home City plans to demolish flea-infested home Posted: Thursday, November 17 2016 11:25 PM EST2016-11-18 04:25:15 GMT Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 11:48 PM EST2016-11-18 04:48:13 GMT (Source: KAIT) In a city council meeting, Corning officials moved forward with taking bids on a home that was involved in a hoarding case two years ago. In a city council meeting, Corning officials moved forward with taking bids on a home that was involved in a hoarding case two years ago. Special Report: Living on SNAP benefits Special Report: Living on SNAP benefits Posted: Thursday, September 15 2016 1:13 PM EDT2016-09-15 17:13:29 GMT Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 10:41 PM EST2016-11-18 03:41:45 GMT (Source: KAIT) Across America, millions of people are suffering from what’s now called “food insecurity." In laymen’s terms it means they do not know where their next meal is coming from.   Across America, millions of people are suffering from what’s now called “food insecurity." In laymen’s terms it means they do not know where their next meal is coming from.   Schools investigate after possible racial slurs at end of football game Schools investigate after possible racial slurs at end of football game Posted: Thursday, November 17 2016 10:26 PM EST2016-11-18 03:26:43 GMT Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 10:35 PM EST2016-11-18 03:35:23 GMT (Source: Raycom Media) Tensions were high during the Alma/Blytheville high school playoff football game this past Friday, but it was actions after the game that opened an investigation. Tensions were high during the Alma/Blytheville high school playoff football game this past Friday, but it was actions after the game that opened an investigation.    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Friends, family identify mother killed at 2-year-old's birthday party Friends, family identify mother killed at 2-year-old's birthday party Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 10:27 AM EST2016-11-18 15:27:42 GMT Seven people have been shot and at least one is dead after a shooting in Dyersburg. Seven people have been shot and at least one is dead after a shooting in Dyersburg. Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Updated: Thursday, November 10 2016 12:28 PM EST2016-11-10 17:28:34 GMT Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday. Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday. Reports: Sessions tapped as Trump's AG pick, Pompeo as CIA chief Reports: Sessions tapped as Trump's AG pick, Pompeo as CIA chief Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 7:10 AM EST2016-11-18 12:10:04 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 8:43 AM EST2016-11-18 13:43:09 GMT Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-AL, was among the first in Congress to support Donald Trump for president. Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-AL, was among the first in Congress to support Donald Trump for president. Man dissolves in Yellowstone hot spring Man dissolves in Yellowstone hot spring Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 3:18 AM EST2016-11-18 08:18:55 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 3:18 AM EST2016-11-18 08:18:54 GMT A man dissolved in acidic water after he fell into Yellowstone hot spring. A man dissolved in acidic water after he fell into Yellowstone hot spring. Wrong number may be bringing strangers together for Thanksgiving Wrong number may be bringing strangers together for Thanksgiving Posted: Wednesday, November 16 2016 8:37 PM EST2016-11-17 01:37:33 GMT Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 10:50 AM EST2016-11-17 15:50:38 GMT Jamal Hinton, a high school senior, was in class on Monday when he got a text from a woman he didn’t know inviting him for a holiday dinner. What happened next has gone viral. Jamal Hinton, a high school senior, was in class on Monday when he got a text from a woman he didn’t know inviting him for a holiday dinner. What happened next has gone viral. Cutting the Cord: How Americans are ditching cable services Cutting the Cord: How Americans are ditching cable services Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 6:49 PM EST2016-11-17 23:49:44 GMT (Source: WSFA 12) For decades, the television has been the centerpiece of American homes. But the way we watch our favorite shows is changing. For decades, the television has been the centerpiece of American homes. But the way we watch our favorite shows is changing. Billboard raises eyebrows in Rankin County Billboard raises eyebrows in Rankin County Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 5:54 PM EST2016-11-17 22:54:58 GMT A billboard is turning heads, raising eyebrows and concern in Rankin County. It is on Highway 80 about a mile past the airport in Pearl. A billboard is turning heads, raising eyebrows and concern in Rankin County. It is on Highway 80 about a mile past the airport in Pearl. news City manager: Talladega police officer fired for sharing racist posts on Facebook City manager: Talladega police officer fired for sharing racist posts on Facebook Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 12:12 AM EST2016-11-17 05:12:59 GMT Talladega City Manager Patrick Bryant says Talladega Police Officer Joel Husk was fired Wednesday after sharing racist posts on his Facebook page. Talladega City Manager Patrick Bryant says Talladega Police Officer Joel Husk was fired Wednesday after sharing racist posts on his Facebook page. Stephen Hawking gives humanity 1,000 more years on Earth Stephen Hawking gives humanity 1,000 more years on Earth Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 5:07 AM EST2016-11-18 10:07:24 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 7:05 AM EST2016-11-18 12:05:10 GMT Stephen Hawking recently suggested that humans find a new planet to live because he believed that humanity probably has 1,000 years left on Earth. Stephen Hawking recently suggested that humans find a new planet to live because he believed that humanity probably has 1,000 years left on Earth. Teen dies after riding roller coaster in Memphis Teen dies after riding roller coaster in Memphis Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 6:03 PM EST2016-11-17 23:03:31 GMT Caitlin Rose Williams (Source: wallerfuneralhome.com) A 17-year-old died after riding a roller coaster in Memphis.  A 17-year-old died after riding a roller coaster in Memphis.     Can't Find Something? 472 CR 766 Jonesboro, AR 72401 (870) 931-8888 FCC Public File publicfile@kait8.com (870) 336-1817 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
null
null
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it National In Jim Cooley’s open-carry America, even a trip to Walmart can require an AR-15 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Terrence McCoy September 17 Follow @terrence_mccoy Jim Cooley carries his AR-15 semiautomatic rifle into his home after getting it repaired in Winder, Ga. Cooley, who also owns a 9mm handgun, almost never leaves his home unarmed. (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post) WINDER, Ga. —All Jim Cooley wants to do is buy some soda. “You want to come to Walmart?” he asks his wife. “No,” Maria says. “Pretty please?” Jim asks. “I’m not going to sit there and have the police called on you. I mean, I don’t want to see that crap,” Maria says, knowing what a trip to Walmart means. She knows her 51-year-old husband has two guns inside the house, and this afternoon it won’t be the 9mm, which he straps on with a round in the chamber when grabbing lunch at his favorite fast-food restaurant or visiting a friend’s auto shop. It’ll be the AR-15 semiautomatic rifle, which he brings when going somewhere he thinks is dangerous, like the Atlanta airport, where he’s taken it loaded with a 100-bullet drum, or Walmart, where he thinks crowds could pose easy targets for terrorists. In a country of relaxing gun laws where it’s now legal to open-carry in 45 states and there are 14.5 million carry permits, every day seems to bring a new version of what open carry can mean. In Kentucky, it’s now legal to open-carry in city buildings. In downtown Cleveland, people carried military-style rifles during the Republican National Convention. In Howell, Mich., last month, a father went openly armed to his child’s middle-school orientation. In Mississippi, it’s now legal to open-carry without a permit at all. And in Georgia, which has passed a “guns everywhere” bill and has issued nearly 1 million carry permits, Jim Cooley is staking out his version of what’s acceptable as he keeps pleading with his wife. “I got to get soda.” Maria sighs. She worked the night before assembling air-conditioner compressors at a nearby factory, and in a few hours, she knows she’ll have to leave for another third shift. “Yeah,” she says, giving in. “I might as well get this travesty out of the way.” “What travesty?” “You carrying a big ol’ rifle in the store, scaring the hell out of all the Walmart shoppers.” “There’s no difference between carrying a rifle and carrying a handgun,” he says. “You tried that last time, remember?” Maria says, stepping into a pair of flip-flops and running her fingers through her hair. “And what happened? Barrow County sheriffs. Three or four of them.” “They can’t tell me what and what not to carry,” Jim says. “You know I wouldn’t listen to them anyway.” “Well, you go one way in the store; I’ll go the other,” Maria says. “Then when they say, ‘Ma’am, do you know this person?’ I’ll say, ‘No, I’ve never seen him before in my life.’ ” He places a lit cigarette into an ashtray, walks into his bedroom, reaches behind its door, picks up the AR-15, snaps in a magazine with 15 rounds, and slings the rifle around his left shoulder so it rests against his torso. “Ready?” he asks. “Yeah,” she says, grabbing her purse and following her husband out the door for an afternoon trip to Walmart to buy soda. *** After performing errands, Jim Cooley smokes a cigarette while resting at his home in Winder. (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post) The gun Jim Cooley carries is the ATI Omni-Hybrid Maxx AR-15 semiautomatic rifle. It cost him $579.99. It weighs 6.25 pounds, is 35 inches long, and fires bullets as fast as the trigger can be pulled, and, as Jim has learned, fits nicely between the front seats of a white minivan with peeling paint on the front and a bumper sticker on the back that says, “I ♥ Law.” Jim goes everywhere now with a gun — if not the AR-15, then his sidearm — and is so reliant on one being close by that it surprises him to think the majority of his life was lived otherwise. He was raised in a working-class family in Chicago, where he can’t imagine living now because of its strict gun laws. But they didn’t bother him then. He didn’t hunt. He didn’t fear for his safety. If his dad had a gun, no one knew. He grew up without a gun, went to church without a gun, married Maria without a gun, began raising two children without a gun, and settled into a life that felt as safe as it was dependable. But then it began unraveling, starting when he was fired from a trucking job days after telling Maria, who was pregnant with their first child, to quit her job and focus on the baby, that he could support them both. Their first bankruptcy filing wasn’t far behind, then the second, and the third, and then they were moving to Florida, where Maria had family and where Jim got a job with a grocery chain. It transferred him to Winder, and he moved the family into a middle-class neighborhood struggling with crime and drugs. Jim now steers past the house of a neighbor who sold him his first gun — a .380 semiautomatic for $100 — so he could protect his family from that crime, then past Winder’s only gun shop where he took his dad so he could buy a gun, too. He lights a cigarette, feels the breeze from an open window because the air conditioner is broken, and takes a sip of soda from a big mug that says Athens Regional Medical Center. It’s a memento of sorts from the day in late 2008 when he emerged from that hospital with three stents in his heart, debts worth $41,052.51 and a dawning realization he was now disabled, broke and would never work again. After the heart attack, he lost most of the circulation in his legs, received three more stents and started using an electric scooter whenever he had to walk long distances. He told Maria he was all used up, a drag on the family. She should think about leaving him. But she wouldn’t, even after the hospital sued him for unpaid medical bills, even after he was arrested when he carried his .380 outside a school board meeting, even after he came home one day with an AR-15. He shot it at a nearby firing range and, feeling a sense of control that had gone missing in his life, told Maria he could now keep the family safe. She now sits at his side, as always, in the passenger seat. At first, she didn’t understand the changes she saw in the man she married 24 years ago. Why did he suddenly want a gun when he never mentioned one before? Why did he want her to get one, too? Why did he put two four-inch knives inside the car’s ­passenger-side door? And why all the security cameras? Maria glances at a small screen beneath the rearview mirror: It shows feeds from surveillance cameras affixed inside the car that start recording when someone turns the ignition. Cooley drives his van, which is equipped with five security cameras, to a grocery store in Winder. (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post) Cooley, 51, looks up videos of an anti-Muslim protest at his home in Winder. (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post) But Maria went along with all of it. She bought a .380 semi­automatic and has gotten used to taking it with her wherever she goes. She got used to the cameras, too, including the seven Jim placed around the house’s perimeter. She began to understand why he was so concerned about crime, about terrorists, about the need to protect their family because they couldn’t count on the government to do it for them. Last year, when he showed her his new AR-15 and asked her to shoot it, she did, feeling intimidated afterward. But then she did it again. And when he started bringing the rifle not just to the range, but to Atlanta, to the airport, inside Walmart, she eventually went along with that, too. So much of her life involves accommodating him now, including just before they left for Walmart and he asked her to send a Facebook message to a local deputy about his plans. “What do you want me to tell him?” Maria had asked. “Say, ‘Hey, buddy, I’m going to Walmart, and I’m going to have my AR with me, so if any call comes over the radio, you know it’s me,” Jim told her. Maria sat at a laptop in a bedroom cluttered with stacks of documents, some of which detailed foreclosure proceedings against the house, and saw the browser had 35 tabs open. One was a YouTube video of something called “Police State 101.” Another showed the dictionary definition of the word “law.” Another was a fringe website her husband classifies as “underground,” the sort he started visiting more frequently after he joined a Georgia militia in late 2014 and decided it was up to him to protect his family from foreign and government threats. She messaged the deputy, then looked at Jim’s Facebook page. It bore pictures of her husband carrying guns and posts about a country dissolving into chaos and videos about people stopping intruders with guns, people killing burglars with guns, people shooting big guns, small guns, all kinds of guns, that he watches late into the night. She came back to the kitchen table, where Jim sat and smoked. “At least I notified the sheriff’s department ahead of time,” he said. He looked at Maria. “Come on, come to Walmart with me,” he said. “I got to get soda.” So she went along with that, too, and now here she is, pulling into a parking spot outside Walmart, and her husband is reaching for an AR-15 that he tells her sometimes he would have no problem using against a thief breaking into their house, or a violent protester in the streets of Milwaukee, or a terrorist in Syria, or, if necessary, even a stray dog on their lawn. *** Cooley poses for a portrait with his AR-15 semiautomatic rifle at his home in Winder. (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post) The Walmart Supercenter is outside of downtown Winder, next to the Subway, the Great Clips, the GameStop, and buffered by a parking lot that can easily fit hundreds of cars, but is rarely more than half-full on weekdays. There are two entrances. One is beside the landscaping section and says “Home and Garden” above the doorway. The other, which Jim now walks through, leads to another Subway, this one just inside the supercenter. As Maria goes ahead, Jim veers to the right, where he climbs into a complimentary electric scooter, repositions his AR-15 so its barrel points toward the scuffed vinyl floor, and rolls into the store. “Hey, Maria,” he calls when catching up to her. “Do we need any lunch meat?” “I’ll go get some salami,” she says. “All right,” he says, now alone, and accelerates the scooter deeper into the store, crossing into the grocery section. Two middle-aged women stand beside a refrigerator, talking. One of them looks at Jim, sees the gun around his neck and goes silent. The other woman turns, and when she sees the gun, her expression freezes, too. But it’s not the fearful looks that Jim notices as he rolls past. It’s a nearby sale. “Eighty-eight cents for a loaf,” he says and keeps moving toward the back of the store. Not everyone sees his AR-15, which is partially obscured by the cart. One man walks past without a second look. So does a woman, making her way into the clothing section. One couple give Jim wide berth, their eyes on his scooter and, briefly, his gun. And then Jim gets where he’s going — the soda aisle — and sees what he’s looking for. He reaches out and, grunting, pulls free a 24-pack of Diet Dr. Thunder. Trying not to jostle the AR-15, he leans forward and, twisting awkwardly, drops the box into the scooter’s front cart, accidentally tearing it open. “They don’t make these things like they used to,” he says quietly and grabs another 24-pack of Diet Dr. Thunder, placing this one inside the cart more gently. In search of Maria, he continues into the dairy section, where he wheels past a father and his young daughter who stares at his rifle, into aisle 9, where he puts a large can of Great Value Classic Roast Coffee into his cart, and finally back to the front of the supercenter, where he sees Maria ordering salami. She takes the soda and coffee out of his cart and places it in her own. She gestures at a nearby cheesecake. “They got strawberry swirl,” she says. He is leaning forward. The muzzle of the loaded gun is pressing against his shoe. Now it’s sliding under his shoelaces. “Give me the strawberry swirl,” he says, and as Maria heads toward the checkout line with the cheesecake, the salami, the coffee and the soda, he straightens up and the muzzle slides free of his shoe. He steers toward the front doors, parks the scooter, slowly stands and walks outside, and that’s when a group of employees standing just outside the entrance notices the gun. “Is that what I see?” one will later recall saying. “What do we do if he comes in the store?” “If someone feels uncomfortable, what can we do?” They continue staring as Jim walks into the parking lot toward the car. “You know my grandfather was murdered, right?” one of the employees says, and as they launch into a discussion of a robbery and shooting that happened in 1973, they are in the midst of a late summer afternoon in 2016 with its own set of shootings. In California, by the end of this day, a 61-year-old man will have been shot to death at a carwash. In Virginia, an intruder will have burst into a home and killed a 24-year-old man inside. In Missouri, a woman will have shot and killed a man she said was chasing her. And meanwhile, in Georgia, Jim is braking hard on the ride home, causing his AR-15 to topple forward. “Can you hold onto that for me, please?” he asks Maria. “Yeah,” she says, putting the gun back where it was, and without further incident they continue on their way home, where Jim puts away his AR-15, sits down at the kitchen table and takes a drink of Diet Dr. Thunder. Here’s what you need to know about the guns some are calling “the gold standard for mass murder,” after Orlando shooter Omar Mateen used the assault-style rifle Sig Sauer MCX to kill at least 49 people. (Editor's note: This video has been updated with more specific information.) (Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post) national Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters national Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments are now closed. We turn off the comments on stories dealing with personal loss, tragedies or other sensitive topics. For more details, please see our our discussion guidelines  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Terrence McCoy covers poverty, inequality and social justice. He also writes about solutions to social problems. Follow @terrence_mccoy Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 ‘You can’t hit a girl like that!’ Officer caught on camera punching woman in the face. 2 Stephen Hawking just gave humanity a due date for finding another planet 3 Japanese American internment is ‘precedent’ for national Muslim registry, prominent Trump backer says 4 Man who dissolved in boiling Yellowstone hot spring slipped while checking temperature to take bath 5 Why a Minn. mom is suing her transgender teen and the clinic that gave her hormones Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game national Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
null
Menu Cricket Football WWE Basketball F1 Tennis Kabaddi Hockey Golf Badminton Gaming Futsal Motorsports Cycling Athletics Rugby Boxing Squash Shooting Winter Sports Swimming Wrestling Cue More > Home SK हिन्दी About Contact Us Internship Homepage WWE WWE News: Buff Bagwell Explains Why He is Suing WWE, reactions to CM Punk's UFC 203 loss Buff Bagwell explains WWE he is currently suing WWE by Chris Featherstone @cravewrestling News 17 Sep 2016, 18:45 IST Buff Bagwell opens up on a range of topics pro-wrestling   Throughout his career, Marcus Alexander "Buff" Bagwell has been the subject of a world of controversy on many occasions. From interviews expressing his feelings of other talent, to the debacle against Booker T on an episode of Raw, Bagwell is viewed by many as one of the most notorious people in pro wrestling. In a recent interview on the Pancakes and Powerslams Show, he lived up to his celebrity status in many ways.  While he has shared his view on the match with Booker T on many occasions, Bagwell was asked about his short-lived career in TNA, appearing in 2002, 2003, and 2006. During his one-off appearance in 2006, he had the option to become Sting's tag team partner during an angle. Instead, the spot was given to Samoa Joe. Bagwell did not agree with this decision, as he does not believe that Joe is a big draw.  "Samoa Joe, to me, I've never got that," Bagwell expressed. "I know he's very popular. I know he's very good in the ring, I think he's a great wrestler, I like to watch him. But when you've got a chance to do a storyline, to the world of wrestling fans, who's going to be Sting's tag team partner, and the options are Lex Luger, Marcus Bagwell, and Samoa Joe. I mean, who in the heck is Samoa Joe? And Luger wasn't fit enough, so I fit the part perfectly." He added, "I really don't know where [TNA] were going with that, except maybe a push for Samoa Joe? Me and Samoa Joe haven't spoke 10 words together. He was on one independent show with me in Cleveland, and he got mad because I was in the main event and he wasn't. To me, Samoa Joe is a fat, out of shape guy who looks like he should not be in a wrestling ring, and I've not heard or seen anybody ever draw a dollar with him."  Bagwell would also state that CM Punk ultimately was not over, because he does not pass the "Walmart Test". Bagwell stated, "Here's how I look at it. If I was a promoter like Vince McMahon or Ted Turner, if I was trying to make money in the wrestling industry, I would judge it by having a person walk through Walmart. If CM Punk walked through Walmart even as popular as he is, he's not going to get noticed as much as Hulk Hogan walking through Walmart. The reason why I say Walmart, is [because] that is our fanbase."  Regarding his debut at UFC 203, he added, "He was able to stay over for a year and not have a fight, and then you go out and take such a big fight and get beat up. I mean, brother, that leaves not a dent, not a scratch, that leaves a scar. I'm not sure that can be fixed. So, it was a bad, bad decision, but whoever his manager is to keep his name getting said without having a fight, weighing a buck fifty; thin as a rail, he doesn't look like a tough guy, I heard some things but he don't look it. But to be able to get talked about on a pretty regular basis, bravo [claps]! But when you go out and get beat up real bad, that is really bad. I was rooting for him, because it makes us all look good. We're all pro wrestlers. But, instead, he goes out there and gets his brain beaten out." Last month, it was revealed that Bagwell was suing WWE for royalties for being used on the WWE Network without being compensated. Bagwell gave some very interesting, and rational, details of why he decided to sue the company. He explained, "I was sitting at home one day, and - keep in mind, I was called up about the concussion lawsuit going on, you know how the boys are, there's a lot of trash in this business; a lot of it - I remember me and Lex [Luger] talking about it like come on man, really? No one made me do anything, it was a scam, reaching out for things. It's ridiculous. Well, I've probably over the years had three or four or five of those kind of phone calls, where somebody saw a loophole, trying to get everybody together to go after Vince, and everytime I'm like, you gotta be kidding me. One day I get a call, about a year ago, probably, from a lawyer, super great guy, his name is Matthew Peterson, and he talks to me for a minute and says, 'I'm doing a thing where I'm checking on independent contracts; I know a lot about WCW’. He made me give him my resume over the phone. And it was a good one. I liked the way he spoke, I liked the way he talked, he said, 'basically, what I do is I look at your contract, and I see if you felt like you've been mistreated at all; and if you do, we look at some openings and see how you feel about that.' I said, I'll send you a copy of my contract today so you can look at it and see what you think! So, I sent him my contract, and I realize that in a class action lawsuit, there's a bunch of people always. Well, there aren't a whole lot of people who worked for the WCW, WWF, and WWE, and I fall in that real small group of names that did that. So, maybe that's why I thought this one was intriguing at first. I said that only thing I'm upset about, is every single week, I hear somebody say, 'you were on WWE, the nWo part is on now, and you beat up Scotty Riggs'. The first time I heard that, no big deal, didn't think anything about it. All of a sudden, I'm hearing 2 Cold Scorpio, Scotty Riggs, Nasty Boys. So me and this lawyer started talking, and he sees that they didn't - through their wording - fire me. They released me. I realized that I wasn't getting any checks anymore. Every once in a while I would get a 100 dollar check, a 200 dollar check here and there, but nothing was ever WWE Network. It was always some kind of nWo tape that I was on, or t-shirts. And the last thing I got from them, and that's what got me on this, was probably 5,6,7 years ago; and it was probably a hundred bucks. All of a sudden, I'm hearing the Network, Network, Network, and I'm always on it. And little kids come up to me and say, 'Yeah I saw you! My daddy watched you on TV!' So, me and the lawyer started talking, and sure enough, he finds a loophole where they owe me a breakdown that they have to pay me a certain amount of money quarterly. And that's all it basically boils down to."  Bagwell also explained one way that WWE would try to get out of the current lawsuit, which is being hired back by the company. While he stated that he would be open to returning, WWE would never give him that opportunity again.  For latest WWE News, live coverage and rumours visit our Sportskeeda WWE section. Fetching more content... Latest Sports News Cricket Football Pro-Wrestling and more.. Sportskeeda Home SK हिन्दी About Site Map Copyright © 2015 Absolute Sports Private Limited. All rights reserved.


null
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWfor home delivery Home News Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Specialty Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast USA Today Obituaries Photos/Video Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Weekly Ads More Home News Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Specialty Weather USA Today Obituaries Photos/Video Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Weekly Ads firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Social Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 33 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Human remains behind Wal-Mart identified The remains were near a busy intersection west of Vero Beach Post to Facebook Human remains behind Wal-Mart identified The remains were near a busy intersection west of Vero Beach  Check out this story on tcpalm.com: http://www.tcpalm.com/story/news/crime/indian-river-county/2016/09/18/human-remains-behind-wal-mart-identified/90617472/ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Human remains behind Wal-Mart identified Elliott Jones , elliott.jones@tcpalm.com 5:49 p.m. EDT September 18, 2016 Sheriff's crime scene marker (Photo: ELLIOTT JONES/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS) 33 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE INDIAN RIVER COUNTY — A badly decomposed body found near Wal-Mart was a woman from Melbourne, according to the Indian River County Sheriff’s Office. She is identified as Tisa Lynn McCann, 44. There were no signs she was slain, sheriff's spokesman Lt. Eric Flowers said. Investigators are waiting on tests to see if anything she ingested contributed to her death, he said. Her remains were found Sept. 10 when a delivery truck driver noticed an odd smell behind the Wal-Mart, west of the county’s busiest intersection: State Road 60 and 58th Avenue. The driver found the body in a wooded area near Wal-Mart and an Applebee’s restaurant. No further information was available on Sunday. Read or Share this story: http://www.tcpalm.com/story/news/crime/indian-river-county/2016/09/18/human-remains-behind-wal-mart-identified/90617472/ More Stories Port St. Lucie Animal Control vehicles vandalized Nov. 17, 2016, 8:31 p.m. 52nd annual St. Helen's Harvest Festival in Vero Beach Nov. 17, 2016, 7:58 p.m. Search continues for missing boater off Jensen Beach Nov. 17, 2016, 6:56 p.m. Reports: Trump offers Flynn national security adviser job Nov. 17, 2016, 11:21 p.m.
Check out the latest theme park experiences and attractions Savings Squad Save money with consumer news and deals Business Savings Squad | Shopping & Deals Hump Day Deals: Resident discounts, clearance sales and more Wednesday Wednesday Billboard. Wednesday Billboard. Judy PadillaContact Reporter Check out clearance and limited time sales. Orlando Improv: Admission for 2 for $15, valid until Oct. 29. Get the deal here. Walmart: Up to 60% off select bikes, most with free shipping or in-store pickup. Get the deal here. Crate & Barrel: Clearance sale on select items. Up to 80% off.  Get the deal here. Find more local deals at groupon.com   Florida Resident discounts Why should tourists have all the fun?  Check out these Central Florida attraction discounts for Florida residents. Proof of residency may be required and discount may require an online purchase: UNIVERSAL STUDIOS:  Save over $45 on gate prices on multi-day tickets when you purchase online. The more you buy, the more you save.  Get the deal here. WALT DISNEY WORLD: Florida residents save more on multi-day tickets. Get the deal here. LEGOLAND:  Book early and get up to $15 on your ticket.  Get the deal here. SEA WORLD:  Florida Residents save $30* on a 2-Park Combo Ticket. Spend a day at SeaWorld and a day at Aquatica in Orlando. Get the deal here. Garage Sales! Where are the upcoming garage sales around Central Florida this week? See where all the local deals are before the weekend gets here.  http://advapps.trb.com/osgaragesales/   Find us on Facebook and Twitter for additional deals and savings: https://www.facebook.com/OSTwoCents https://twitter.com/OSTwoCents Get deals text alerts: http://www.orlandosentinel.com/alerts Get the Your Weekly Two Cents newsletter: http://membership.orlandosentinel.com/newsletters Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016, Orlando Sentinel SeaWorld Orlando Back to the Savings Squad home page Open for business: Orlando-area retail and restaurant openings Pictures: Central Florida cheap eats All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 73°

null
null
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Fri,  18 November 2016 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   1STPRIMFMF 8.50   -0.10 -1.16%   AAMRATECH 25.80   -0.10 -0.39%   ABB1STMF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   ABBANK 19.40   1.70 9.60%   ACI   1.10   ACIFORMULA 157.30   1.30 0.83%   ACMELAB 102.90   -0.10 -0.10%   ACTIVEFINE 39.20   0.30 0.77%   AFCAGRO 45.70   0.70 1.56%   AFTABAUTO 56.50   0.30 0.53%   AGNISYSL 18.60   0.30 1.64%   AGRANINS 17.20   -0.50 -2.82%   AIBL1STIMF 8.00   0.00 0.00%   AL-HAJTEX 94.50   -0.90 -0.94%   ALARABANK 15.20   0.10 0.66%   ALLTEX 9.30   0.70 8.14%   AMBEEPHA 442.00   4.40 1.01%   ANLIMAYARN 26.70   0.50 1.91%   ANWARGALV 73.00   5.10 7.51%   APEXFOOT 359.20   -4.70 -1.29%   APEXTANRY 124.50   2.10 1.72%   APOLOISPAT 16.00   -0.10 -0.62%   ARGONDENIM 28.00   -0.10 -0.36%   ASIAINS 16.40   -0.20 -1.20%   ASIAPACINS 16.30   -0.10 -0.61%   ATCSLGF 10.40   0.10 0.97%   ATLASBANG 112.20   -0.50 -0.44%   AZIZPIPES 61.80   -5.40 -8.04%   BANGAS 121.90   11.00 9.92%   BANKASIA 17.70   0.30 1.72%   BATASHOE 1175.00   -4.70 -0.40%   BATBC   14.20   BAYLEASING 20.40   0.20 0.99%   BBS   -1.90   BDFINANCE 10.30   0.30 3.00%   BDLAMPS 171.00   0.20 0.12%   BDTHAI 22.40   -0.30 -1.32%   BDWELDING 9.10   0.10 1.11%   BEACHHATCH 8.30   -0.20 -2.35%   BEACONPHAR 18.80   0.00 0.00%   BERGERPBL 2350.00   -50.00 -2.08%   BEXIMCO 22.30   0.10 0.45%   BGIC   -0.10   BIFC   0.00   BNICL   -0.80   BRACBANK 65.80   -0.10 -0.15%   BRACSCBOND 1040.00   10.00 0.97%   BSC   -2.90   BSCCL   -0.70   BSRMLTD 140.60   -0.30 -0.21%   BSRMSTEEL 94.70   0.60 0.64%   BXPHARMA 81.90   0.10 0.12%   BXSYNTH 5.80   -0.10 -1.69%   CENTRALINS 17.20   0.40 2.38%   CITYBANK 23.50   0.20 0.86%   CITYGENINS 14.60   -0.50 -3.31%   CMCKAMAL 14.70   0.80 5.76%   CNATEX 8.00   0.10 1.27%   CONFIDCEM 109.00   -5.60 -4.89%   CONTININS 16.50   -0.50 -2.94%   CVOPRL 194.00   0.70 0.36%   DACCADYE 6.90   0.10 1.47%   DAFODILCOM 33.70   0.10 0.30%   DBH   0.10   DBH1STMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   DELTALIFE 99.30   -1.20 -1.19%   DELTASPINN 8.30   -0.20 -2.35%   DESHBANDHU 8.30   -0.20 -2.35%   DHAKABANK 16.20   0.10 0.62%   DHAKAINS 20.60   0.60 3.00%   DOREENPWR 113.70   0.50 0.44%   DSSL   1.00   DULAMIACOT 7.70   0.70 10.00%   DUTCHBANGL 106.10   -0.40 -0.38%   EASTERNINS 24.30   0.50 2.10%   EASTLAND 20.50   -0.30 -1.44%   EASTRNLUB 908.90   -27.70 -2.96%   EBL   -0.10   EBL1STMF 5.00   -0.20 -3.85%   EBLNRBMF 4.70   0.10 2.17%   ECABLES 142.00   -1.60 -1.11%   EHL   -0.70   EMERALDOIL 33.70   0.10 0.30%   ENVOYTEX 36.60   0.50 1.39%   ETL   -0.60   EXIM1STMF 6.60   0.10 1.54%   EXIMBANK 10.80   0.20 1.89%   FAMILYTEX 8.00   0.30 3.90%   FARCHEM 19.50   0.20 1.04%   FAREASTFIN 9.70   -0.10 -1.02%   FAREASTLIF 64.00   0.10 0.16%   FASFIN 11.40   -0.10 -0.87%   FBFIF   0.10   FEDERALINS 10.10   -0.30 -2.88%   FEKDIL 22.30   -0.40 -1.76%   FINEFOODS 19.80   0.00 0.00%   FIRSTFIN 7.00   0.10 1.45%   FIRSTSBANK 12.20   0.20 1.67%   FORTUNE 46.40   3.10 7.16%   FUWANGCER 14.20   0.80 5.97%   FUWANGFOOD 12.70   0.40 3.25%   GBBPOWER 15.00   0.30 2.04%   GEMINISEA 780.60   -10.90 -1.38%   GENNEXT 6.90   0.10 1.47%   GHAIL   -1.00   GHCL   -0.30   GLAXOSMITH 1565.20   -3.00 -0.19%   GLOBALINS 13.00   0.10 0.78%   GOLDENSON 15.40   0.20 1.32%   GP   3.20   GPHISPAT 29.00   0.50 1.75%   GRAMEENS2 10.50   0.10 0.96%   GREENDELMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELT 46.60   -0.20 -0.43%   GSPFINANCE 20.40   0.30 1.49%   HEIDELBCEM 545.00   -0.20 -0.04%   HFL   -0.40   HRTEX   0.40   IBBLPBOND 972.00   4.00 0.41%   IBNSINA 211.90   0.20 0.09%   ICB   -0.70   ICB1STNRB 18.90   0.20 1.07%   ICB2NDNRB 7.80   -0.10 -1.27%   ICB3RDNRB 4.40   -0.10 -2.22%   ICBAMCL2ND 5.20   -0.10 -1.89%   ICBEPMF1S1 6.00   0.10 1.69%   ICBIBANK 4.00   0.00 0.00%   ICBSONALI1 6.00   0.00 0.00%   IDLC   0.40   IFIC   1.00   IFIC1STMF 4.80   0.00 0.00%   IFILISLMF1 6.60   -0.10 -1.49%   ILFSL   0.00   IMAMBUTTON 10.60   0.00 0.00%   INTECH 11.70   0.30 2.63%   IPDC   -0.30   ISLAMIBANK 30.30   0.90 3.06%   ISLAMICFIN 15.70   0.20 1.29%   ISLAMIINS 17.30   0.10 0.58%   ISNLTD 12.90   0.40 3.20%   ITC   -0.50   JAMUNABANK 14.60   0.20 1.39%   JAMUNAOIL 192.70   -0.20 -0.10%   JANATAINS 12.40   -0.40 -3.13%   JMISMDL 156.00   -1.10 -0.70%   JUTESPINN 54.20   0.70 1.31%   KARNAPHULI 14.30   0.10 0.70%   KAY&QUE 26.00   -2.50 -8.77%   KBPPWBIL 17.10   -0.10 -0.58%   KDSALTD 66.20   0.40 0.61%   KEYACOSMET 10.00   0.20 2.04%   KOHINOOR 432.00   -4.00 -0.92%   KPCL   0.20   KPPL   -0.10   LEGACYFOOT 18.40   0.10 0.55%   LINDEBD 1343.00   0.60 0.04%   LRGLOBMF1 6.70   0.10 1.52%   MAKSONSPIN 7.00   0.00 0.00%   MALEKSPIN 15.40   0.00 0.00%   MARICO 1212.10   -24.40 -1.97%   MATINSPINN 37.40   0.90 2.47%   MBL1STMF 7.00   0.00 0.00%   MEGCONMILK 7.00   0.10 1.45%   MEGHNACEM 91.10   -2.90 -3.09%   MEGHNALIFE 53.10   0.10 0.19%   MEGHNAPET 5.40   0.00 0.00%   MERCANBANK 14.30   0.30 2.14%   MERCINS 14.00   -0.10 -0.71%   METROSPIN 6.40   0.10 1.59%   MHSML   0.20   MIDASFIN 22.80   -2.20 -8.80%   MIRACLEIND 37.80   -1.10 -2.83%   MITHUNKNIT 67.40   5.00 8.01%   MJLBD   -0.90   MODERNDYE 182.60   -5.30 -2.82%   MONNOCERA 36.30   0.50 1.40%   MONNOSTAF 589.10   6.00 1.03%   MPETROLEUM 181.70   -0.40 -0.22%   MTB   0.10   NATLIFEINS 173.80   0.30 0.17%   NAVANACNG 56.60   -0.80 -1.39%   NBL   -0.10   NCCBANK 10.80   0.30 2.86%   NCCBLMF1 6.80   0.00 0.00%   NFML   0.00   NHFIL   -0.20   NITOLINS 21.40   -0.30 -1.38%   NORTHERN 219.00   19.90 9.99%   NORTHRNINS 18.70   -0.40 -2.09%   NTC   0.80   NTLTUBES 126.40   -3.20 -2.47%   OAL   0.30   OLYMPIC 309.90   1.20 0.39%   ONEBANKLTD 15.10   0.30 2.03%   ORIONINFU 59.20   -0.80 -1.33%   ORIONPHARM 40.20   -0.70 -1.71%   PADMALIFE 22.80   0.20 0.88%   PADMAOIL 186.10   -0.30 -0.16%   PARAMOUNT 19.80   0.50 2.59%   PENINSULA 24.20   -0.20 -0.82%   PEOPLESINS 16.60   0.00 0.00%   PF1STMF 4.60   0.00 0.00%   PHARMAID 246.00   0.00 0.00%   PHENIXINS 22.30   0.60 2.76%   PHOENIXFIN 24.50   0.20 0.82%   PHPMF1 4.30   -0.10 -2.27%   PIONEERINS 29.40   -0.10 -0.34%   PLFSL   0.00   POPULAR1MF 4.50   0.10 2.27%   POPULARLIF 68.70   -0.40 -0.58%   POWERGRID 54.90   -0.30 -0.54%   PRAGATIINS 25.90   0.40 1.57%   PRAGATILIF 87.70   -0.40 -0.45%   PREMIERBAN 9.20   0.10 1.10%   PREMIERCEM 83.60   -0.90 -1.07%   PREMIERLEA 10.10   -0.10 -0.98%   PRIME1ICBA 5.00   -0.10 -1.96%   PRIMEBANK 15.50   0.40 2.65%   PRIMEFIN 8.10   0.10 1.25%   PRIMEINSUR 17.10   0.40 2.40%   PRIMELIFE 57.50   -0.80 -1.37%   PRIMETEX 22.10   -0.40 -1.78%   PROGRESLIF 50.00   0.80 1.63%   PROVATIINS 14.30   -0.40 -2.72%   PTL   0.20   PUBALIBANK 19.90   0.00 0.00%   PURABIGEN 16.40   -0.10 -0.61%   QSMDRYCELL 100.40   1.80 1.83%   RAHIMAFOOD 84.60   -1.40 -1.63%   RAHIMTEXT 233.80   2.70 1.17%   RAKCERAMIC 61.80   2.80 4.75%   RDFOOD 15.60   -0.50 -3.11%   RECKITTBEN 1590.00   9.50 0.60%   REGENTTEX 12.90   -0.20 -1.53%   RELIANCE1 7.90   0.00 0.00%   RELIANCINS 46.10   -0.30 -0.65%   RENATA 1094.00   1.70 0.16%   REPUBLIC 16.70   -0.10 -0.60%   RNSPIN 17.10   -0.30 -1.72%   RSRMSTEEL 48.20   2.10 4.56%   RUPALIBANK 26.80   0.90 3.47%   RUPALIINS 17.40   0.10 0.58%   RUPALILIFE 36.70   0.90 2.51%   SAFKOSPINN 11.40   -0.10 -0.87%   SAIFPOWER 48.00   -12.60 -20.79%   SAIHAMTEX 13.90   0.20 1.46%   SALAMCRST 27.60   0.40 1.47%   SALVOCHEM 13.50   0.10 0.75%   SAMATALETH 24.00   -0.30 -1.23%   SAMORITA 62.40   0.50 0.81%   SANDHANINS 29.80   0.60 2.05%   SAPORTL 39.40   0.40 1.03%   SEBL1STMF 11.70   0.00 0.00%   SEMLLECMF 9.70   0.40 4.30%   SHAHJABANK 13.80   0.10 0.73%   SHASHADNIM 62.00   -1.00 -1.59%   SIBL   0.00   SIMTEX 20.50   0.50 2.50%   SINGERBD 182.80   -0.10 -0.05%   SINOBANGLA 23.60   0.30 1.29%   SONALIANSH 194.00   0.60 0.31%   SONARBAINS 15.10   -0.20 -1.31%   SONARGAON 8.70   0.00 0.00%   SOUTHEASTB 17.50   0.50 2.94%   SPCERAMICS 8.10   0.20 2.53%   SPCL   -1.20   SQUARETEXT 65.20   -0.60 -0.91%   SQURPHARMA 246.00   -1.70 -0.69%   STANDARINS 17.50   -0.50 -2.78%   STANDBANKL 10.40   0.40 4.00%   STYLECRAFT 1620.00   10.50 0.65%   SUMITPOWER 34.60   0.70 2.06%   SUNLIFEINS 18.00   0.20 1.12%   TAKAFULINS 18.00   -0.20 -1.10%   TALLUSPIN 8.30   0.20 2.47%   TOSRIFA 17.50   -0.30 -1.69%   TRUSTB1MF 4.80   -0.10 -2.04%   TRUSTBANK 23.50   0.40 1.73%   TUNGHAI 10.60   -0.10 -0.93%   UCB   0.20   UNIONCAP 13.00   0.40 3.17%   UNIQUEHRL 40.00   1.20 3.09%   UNITEDAIR 4.60   0.00 0.00%   UNITEDFIN 20.50   0.30 1.49%   UNITEDINS 24.60   0.10 0.41%   UPGDCL 142.40   0.60 0.42%   USMANIAGL 93.00   2.00 2.20%   UTTARABANK 23.60   -0.20 -0.84%   UTTARAFIN 58.00   -0.40 -0.68%   VAMLBDMF1 8.90   0.10 1.14%   WATACHEM 162.00   5.80 3.71%   WMSHIPYARD 24.80   -0.20 -0.80%   ZAHEENSPIN 15.30   0.20 1.32%   ZAHINTEX 15.20   -0.10 -0.65%   Latest News Banding together in anti-tobacco battle The necessity of leisure and recreation The task that lies ahead Into the era of Trumpism Home delivery of medicine Scots, Welsh can have say in Brexit court case BMW, Baidu joint project on self-driving cars breaks down Stocks stay positive for 3rd consecutive week Mallika Sherawat punched, tear gassed in Paris Fiat Chrysler teams up with Amazon to sell cars online Chinese yuan weakens to lowest level in eight years TIME - 09:29 pm National Envoy urges world to continue supporting Afghanistan Economy France cuts 2016 growth target to 1.4pc World Scots, Welsh can have say in Brexit court Stock Stocks stay positive for 3rd consecutive week Crackdown on tax evasion from imported goods soon TOP NEWS Mexican central bank ups interest rates to endure Trump   BD occupies 124th spot in UN e-government survey Fake news has power to destroy democracy: Obama Khaleda prioritises on ‘consensus’ to form next EC NATO 'absolutely confident' of Trump leadership in alliance Trump offers security adviser job to Flynn 73 die in Mozambique tanker blast Abe has ‘great confidence in Trump’ Oil prices drop Asian shares tremble Banding together in anti-tobacco battle November 18, 2016, 9:22 pm While reflecting upon the game changing successes in the field of tobacco control on the sidelines of the 47th Union World Conference on Lung Health in Liverpool, UK, Dr Tara Singh Bam, Regional Adviser for Tobacco Control at the International Read more The necessity of leisure and recreation November 18, 2016, 9:21 pm Terms like leisure and recreation relate to a period of free time in which individuals are exempted from duties and responsibilities and are able to engage in activities of their choice, not imposed by any need and prerequisites. Recreational and Read more Economy Fed could raise interest rates ‘soon’: Yellen  The chair of the US Federal Reserve, Janet Yellen, has indicated that it could raise interest rates "relatively soon". She said this on Thursday in Congressional testimony that included a pledge BIDA bids to improve doing business rankings November 17, 2016, 11:25 pm US factory production rise in Oct November 17, 2016, 12:57 pm ‘Govt plans to reduce fuel oil prices soon’ November 17, 2016, 7:50 pm Inbound travelling drops in Q1 November 17, 2016, 6:45 pm Tofail flogs Pakistan for 'absurd' claim November 16, 2016, 6:33 pm Finance Banks struggling to hit turnover heights The listed banks have failed for the fourth consecutive year to regain the top position in the turnover board of the country's both bourses although over five years have already elapsed since the last stock market debacle. Banks used to dominate Business leaders want gradual opening up of capital account Classified loans leap to Tk 143.60b in 9 months Call to increase budget allocation for child-related initiatives MoF demands Tk 30b for credit underwriting Editorial Hindrance to desirable industrial growth Reading between the lines of the report on industrial productivity Hindrance to desirable industrial growth Reading between the lines of the report on industrial productivity Op-Ed Reserve 40 per cent seats for women and children MOVEMENT of common people in capital Dhaka has turned out Reserve 40 per cent seats for women and children MOVEMENT of common people in capital Dhaka has turned out Women's Entrepreneurship Day, 2016 ENTREPRENEURS are the vanguards of progress as they are the Women's Entrepreneurship Day, 2016 ENTREPRENEURS are the vanguards of progress as they are the Missing the pulse Beyond the bickering, nastiness and stomach turning rhetoric, politicians have Missing the pulse Beyond the bickering, nastiness and stomach turning rhetoric, politicians have Stock SE Asia stocks mostly fall  Most Southeast Asian stock markets fell on Friday, in line with boarder Asia, after US Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen's China stocks edge lower Nikkei share rises to 10-1/2-month high US stocks rise; bank stocks gain Stocks extend winning spell for third day AB Bank emerges as turnover leader on DSE Persistent buy pressure pushes market to the green Hong Kong shares up slightly  Hong Kong stocks flat  National Bangabandhu Satellite wins ITU award Bangabandhu Satellite project has received the ‘ITU Telecom World Awards 2016’. State Minister for Telecommunication Tarana Halim received the award from International Telecommunication Union (ITU) Secretary General Houlin Zhao on Thursday night in Bangkok. Bangladesh is given the award in the category for ‘Recognition of Excellence’, the minister said in a Facebook post. Bangabandhu Satellite-1 is scheduled to be launched in December 16 Man gets life-term for killing wife War criminal Yusuf Ali dies  High land price dents garment village dream BNP to contest N'ganj city polls Indo-Bangla meet on disputed Tripura enclave JS body suggests dope test for students Two more PWs testify in Kibria killing case US lauds steps to calm minorities' fears Trade and Market BMW, Baidu joint project on self-driving cars breaks down German automaker BMW and Chinese internet giant Baidu will end their joint research on self-driving cars, executives for the two firms said on Friday, with Baidu now searching for new global research partners. Wang Jing, the head of autonomous car development at Baidu, told Reuters the company was now using cars from Ford's Lincoln in its US testing, declining to elaborate. "I'm Fiat Chrysler teams up with Amazon to sell cars online Chinese yuan weakens to lowest level in eight years BGMEA settled 9,670 complaints thru ADR since 1998 Indian farmers fear lost crops and income after 'black money' move VW announces massive job cuts Gold drops to 5-1/2-month low  Tesla gets approval for $2.6b SolarCity takeover PL in record $700m Chinese TV rights deal World Tanker explosion claims 73 lives in Mozambique JOHANNESBURG, Nov 18 (AP): A fuel tanker exploded in northern Mozambique as residents gathered around to buy fuel from the driver on Thursday, killing 73 people and injuring 110 others, Mozambican media reported. Dozens of charred bodies were scattered around the blast site in the town of Caphiridzange in Tete province, and government officials believed more bodies might be in surrounding woods, Radio Mozambique reported. Some badly burned people had tried to run into a nearby river, the radio said. A truck ... Syria army intensify Aleppo air campaign Iraqi forces advance into Mosul under fire Pakistan navy "pushed" Indian submarine clear of its waters Sci-tech SpaceX aims to launch internet from space Private rocket firm SpaceX has applied for government permission to launch satellites that will provide global broadband internet access, reports Whitson becomes oldest woman in space  Hidden ocean found on Pluto Twitter suspends alt-right accounts Education BUP holds seminar on economic development The closing ceremony of a two-day international seminar on 'Strategic leadership for sustainable economic development' was held at the Bijoy Auditorium of Bangladesh University of Professionals (BUP) at Mirpur Cantonment in the city on Thursday, says an ISPR press release. BUP organised the programme. H T Imam, adviser of political affairs to the prime minister, was present as the chief guest while former governor of Bangladesh Bank Dr Mohammed Farashuddin was present as one of the keynote speakers in the seminar. Another ... Less taking primary school certificate test this year UGC declares certificates by 18 private universities illegal   AMAL, dedicated healthcare service for underprivileged children Sports Vikings back in winning streak beating Kings by 19 runs CHITTAGONG, Nov 18 (UNB): After four successive defeats in the 4th Bangladesh Premier League, Chittagong Vikings bounced back with a Shami shatters Cook’s stump in early blow Du Plessis charged by ICC PL in record $700m Chinese TV rights deal Health Japan sets 50pc price cut for cancer drug Japan's health ministry has set a 50 per cent cut in the price of Opdivo, a costly immune system-boosting cancer Awareness the main catalyst to control growth of diabetes World Diabetes Day being observed DGHS for stern steps against some clinics, hospitals in city Entertainment Mallika Sherawat punched, tear gassed in Paris Bollywood actress Mallika Sherawat has been punched and sprayed with tear gas by three masked attackers in an upmarket part Bob Dylan skipping Nobel ceremony Nation celebrates Nabanna International Folk Fest 2016 ends in city Politics BNP to contest N'ganj city polls The BNP has decided to take part in the upcoming Narayanganj City Corporation (NCC) polls scheduled to be held on Parties observe 40th death anniv of Bhasani AL local govt nomination board's meeting today Nation pays trubutes to Bhasani Country Two bikers die after crash with truck Two motorcyclists were killed and three people were injured in a road crash at Jogdol Bazar in Panchagarh sadar upazila Missing youth found dead in Narail 26 Raigram village women change lot making 'Nakshi Kantha' Cultivation of short-duration Aman paddy on increase in N-region PHOTO GALLERY Industries Minister Amir Hossain Amu showing the GI (Geographical Indication) certificate, registered for Jamdani before handing it over to Bangladesh Small and Cottage Industries Corporation (BSCIC) Chairman Mustaq Hassan Md Iftekhar at the conference room of the ministry on Thursday. – PID photo Two foreigners along with a Bangladeshi literature buff going through a book at a stall at Bangla Academy premises on Thursday – the first day of the 3-day Dhaka LiT Fest. – FE photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina waves from the VVIP lounge of Dhaka’s Hazrat Shahjalal (RA) International Airport upon her arrival from Morocco on Thursday after attending two high level segments of COP-22 in Marrakech. – Focus Bangla photo Chief of Army Staff of the Nepali Army General Rajendra Chhetri called on President Abdul Hamid at Bangabhaban on Wednesday. - PID Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina delivers her speech at the UN Climate Change Conference (COP-22) at Bab Ighli in the Moroccan city of Marrakech. – Focus Bangla more news The task that lies ahead November 18, 2016, 9:20 pm Into the era of Trumpism November 18, 2016, 9:19 pm Home delivery of medicine November 18, 2016, 9:17 pm Chinese yuan weakens to lowest level in eight years November 18, 2016, 9:09 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 114 ISSUES DECLINED 80 Most popular 73 die in Mozambique tanker blast November 18, 2016, 10:47 am Banks struggling to hit turnover heights November 18, 2016, 12:34 am Oil prices drop November 18, 2016, 11:21 am High land price dents garment village dream November 18, 2016, 12:36 am Work on 55-km road linking Padma Bridge begins November 18, 2016, 12:31 am Thrust on journos unity November 18, 2016, 12:28 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG NORTHERN 199.10 219.00 208.80 219.00 10.00 DSSL 10.30 11.30 11.30 11.30 9.71 ABBANK 17.70 19.40 17.70 19.40 9.60 MITHUNKNIT 62.40 67.40 61.00 66.80 7.05 ANWARGALV 67.90 73.00 68.50 72.50 6.78 FORTUNE 43.30 46.90 43.80 46.20 6.70 FUWANGCER 13.40 14.30 13.50 14.20 5.97 CMCKAMAL 13.90 14.70 14.00 14.60 5.04 IFIC 18.20 19.20 18.10 19.10 4.95 RAKCERAMIC 59.00 62.20 59.60 61.80 4.75 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation ABBANK 17.70 19.40 17.70 19.40 9.60 MITHUNKNIT 63.20 67.40 61.00 67.40 6.65 ANWARGALV 68.50 73.00 68.50 73.00 6.57 FORTUNE 43.80 46.90 43.80 46.40 5.94 PARAMOUNT 18.80 20.20 18.80 19.80 5.32 FUWANGCER 13.50 14.30 13.50 14.20 5.19 CMCKAMAL 14.00 14.70 14.00 14.70 5.00 PRIMEINSUR 16.30 17.20 16.30 17.10 4.91 NORTHERN 208.80 219.00 208.80 219.00 4.89 IFIC 18.40 19.20 18.10 19.20 4.35 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG SAIFPOWER 60.60 49.70 47.90 48.50 -19.97 MIDASFIN 25.00 25.00 22.80 23.10 -7.60 BNICL 19.50 19.60 18.50 18.70 -4.10 CONFIDCEM 114.60 115.60 109.00 109.90 -4.10 EBL1STMF 5.20 5.20 5.00 5.00 -3.85 RDFOOD 16.10 16.10 15.30 15.50 -3.73 ETL 18.80 19.10 17.80 18.10 -3.72 AZIZPIPES 67.20 68.00 61.80 64.80 -3.57 BBS 48.00 48.80 46.00 46.40 -3.33 CITYGENINS 15.10 15.30 14.50 14.60 -3.31 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation AZIZPIPES 68.00 68.00 61.80 61.80 -9.12 MIDASFIN 25.00 25.00 22.80 22.80 -8.80 KAY&QUE 28.50 29.00 26.00 26.00 -8.77 CONFIDCEM 115.60 115.60 109.00 109.00 -5.71 BNICL 19.60 19.60 18.50 18.70 -4.59 BBS 48.30 48.80 46.00 46.10 -4.56 NTLTUBES 132.30 135.00 126.00 126.40 -4.46 ETL 19.00 19.10 17.80 18.20 -4.21 CITYGENINS 15.20 15.30 14.50 14.60 -3.95 MODERNDYE 190.00 190.00 182.60 182.60 -3.90 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 2007200820092010201120122013201420152016 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved Powered by :
Print   Email   Font Resize Community News Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- Sept. 17 - Sept. 19 Posted:   09/17/2016 07:03:19 AM MDT Today, Sept. 17 Recycling Collection — 8 to 11 a.m., southeast corner of Walmart parking lot. Collection includes: Plastic #1, plastic #2 natural (milk cartons), plastic #2 colored (detergent bottles, shampoo, etc.) and both aluminum and tin cans. No glass. Sugar Beet Days — 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., Logan County Courthouse Square. Logan County Humane Society Pet Expo and Adoption Fair — 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., Johnson and Associates, 400 S. Division Ave. Information: Carol 970-522-3279. Narcotics Anonymous — 1:30 p.m., First Christian Church. Information: 970-520-1474. NJC 75th Anniversary 5k Water Run — 6:30 to 7:30 a.m. check in, 8 a.m. race, Cosmetology Building, 1102 Sidney Ave. Entre fee $20 for adults (age 12 and over), $10 for youth (ages 7-11), free for ages 6 and under. Registration forms available at Hays Student Center room 116. Information: 970-521-6658. Heritage Center Dance Group — 6:30 to 10 p.m., Joe Judd. Cost $7. Everyone is welcome. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 9 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Sunday, Sept. 18 Air Force Birthday Celebration — 11 a.m. to 1 p.m., Home Depot. Free lunch for all veterans. Advertisement Sugar Beet Days — 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., Logan County Courthouse Square. Zion Congregational Church Soup Kitchen — 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m., 5th Street and Chestnut. Come to the back door and down the stairs. Free. Meals served to anyone who is hungry and in need of a hot meal. Movie Matinee — 4 p.m., 315 W. Railroad Ave., Iliff. Free popcorn. Monday, Sept. 19 SilverSneakers Yoga — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Tai Chi — 11:30 a.m., Heritage Center. Cards and Pool, Pinochle — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. Body Sculpting and Tone Class — 5:15 to 6 p.m., Ayres Elementary. Cost is $5 per session. To sign up, call instruction and Wellness Specialist Angie Myers at 521-3226. Circle of Parents in Recovery Group — 5 to 6 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Free childcare is provided. No enrollment requirement, join at any time. Information: cleanslatemngr@frcsterling.org, 970-520-2939 or www.facebook.com/logancleanslate. RE-1 Valley School Board — 6 p.m., Hagen Administration Center. Logan County Child Care Association — 6:30 to 8:30 p.m., Trinity Lutheran Church, fellowship hall. Stephanie Weeder, 522-5942. Clean Slate Recovery Group — 6:30 to 7:30 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Open to anyone struggling with addiction. Information: Christie Orozco 970-526-6500, 970-520-2939 or csrecovery1028@gmail.com, Facebook or Twitter. Spunk and Spirit Christian Writers Group — 6:30 to 8 p.m., Life Fellowship in Fort Morgan. VoteWise — 6:30 p.m., The Joy Mission, 3rd and Maple St., Julesburg. Learn about government function, examine U.S. Constitution and how to exercise your rights as a voter. Everyone is welcome. (Through Nov. 7). TOPS: Take Off Pounds Sensibly — 7 p.m., VFW Hall, 803 Phelps St. Call 522-8396. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 7:30 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Military Family Support Group — 7:30 p.m., Family Resource Center. Come in back door. Bill, Denise Gaynor, 522-3794; or LuAnn Travis, 522-6356. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED Sterling Regional MedCenter recognizes staff Courtesy photoSterling Regional MedCenter recognized staff in the Radiology, Radiation Oncology, Nuclear Medicine and Ultrasound departments during the week of Nov.   Full Story   MORE RELATED HEADLINES Public invited to participate in Parade of Trees Tickets required for library's Christmas tea   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Follow us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter AOL Mail Click to Open Quick Navigation Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Search The Web Search Business Careers Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate My Portfolios Resources Finance Collective Wal-Mart names the 25 hottest holiday toys of 2016 Before you go, we thought you'd like these... READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE Share Aol.com Editors Sep 6th 2016 1:22PM Summer sales are coming to a close, and to some of us avid shoppers, that means we have one thing next on our radar: holiday shopping! Lucky for us, Wal-Mart just unveiled its annual list of the top holiday toys of 2016. The retailer polled hundreds of kids ages 18 months to 12 years to find out what items are topping their wish lists this year -- and while several newcomers made the rankings, classic names like Star Wars, Disney and Barbie still prove to be crowd favorites. Six of the 25 toys are exclusive to Wal-Mart. Says Anne Marie Kehoe, Vice President of Toys at Wal-Mart U.S., "We are confident our assortment hits the mark with kids of all ages - we have playsets, ridealongs, licensed merchandise even toys that fly." So what toys are kids asking from Santa this holiday season? Check out Wal-Mart's list of hottest toys: 18 PHOTOS Wal-Mart's top holiday toys of 2016 See Gallery Wal-Mart's top holiday toys of 2016 Num Noms Lipgloss Truck, $29.94 Also get it on Amazon here Little Live Pets Puppy, $54.82 Also get it on Amazon here Doc McStuffins Hospital Care Cart, $49.98 Also get it on Amazon here  Disney Princess Carriage– Walmart exclusive, $398.00 FurReal Friends Torch, My Blazin’ Dragon, $79.00 Also get it on Amazon here Barbie Rainbow Cove Princess Castle Playset, $94.00 Also get it on Amazon here Nerf N-Strike Elite HyperFire Blaster, $44.99 Also get it on Amazon here Razor PowerCore E100 Electric Scooter, $149.00 Pom Pom Wow Decoration Station, $29.97 Also get it on Amazon here Pie Face Showdown! Game, $24.86 Also get it on Amazon here Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Remote Control Skateboarding Mikey, $59.00 Tyco Terra Climber Remote Control Vehicle, $88.00 Also get it on Amazon here Paw Patrol Zooming Marshall, $69.00 Sky Viper Streaming Drone, $74.50 Also get it on Amazon here My Little Pony Explore Equestria Crystal Empire Castle, $38.88 Also get it on Amazon here Fisher Price Little People Sit ‘n Stand Skyway, $35.82 Also get it on Amazon here Hatchimals, $59.97 Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE SHOW CAPTION + HIDE CAPTION – See the full list below: Num Noms Lipgloss Truck, $29.94 Pom Pom Wow Decoration Station, $29.97 Doc McStuffins Hospital Care Cart, $49.98 FurReal Friends Torch, My Blazin' Dragon, $79.00 Little Live Pets Puppy, $54.82 Fisher Price Little People Sit 'n Stand Skyway, $35.82 My Little Pony Explore Equestria Crystal Empire Castle, $38.88 Pie Face Showdown! Game, $24.86 Nerf N-Strike Elite HyperFire Blaster, $44.99 Tyco Terra Climber Remote Control Vehicle, $88.00 Barbie Rainbow Cove Princess Castle Playset, $94.00 Sky Viper Streaming Drone, $74.50 Razor PowerCore E100 Electric Scooter, $149.00 Hatchimals, $59.97 Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Remote Control Skateboarding Mikey, $59.00 Paw Patrol Zooming Marshall, $69.00 Disney Princess Carriage, $398.00 Paw Patrol Zooming Marshall, $69.00 Star Wars Electronic R2D2 Hot Wheels AI Racing Playset My Life As Food Truck Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice Batcave Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Mega Lair Playset Vtech Go! Go! Smart Wheels Treasure Mountain Train Adventure More from AOL.com: What your old toys are worth now The 20 most-loved airlines in the world 4 hotels that are worth more than $1 million a room Tags holiday shopping walmart Read Full Story Credit Card Compare Whether you're looking for great travel rewards or low annual fees, find the card that's right for you. Compare Now Find your dream job jobs by From Our Partners Congress Gives Homeowners Who Owe Less Than $300-625K a Once-in-a-Lifetime Mortgage Bailout LowerMyBills The Latest from our Partners 1 - 6 of 15 A jaw-dropping 21-month 0% intro APR credit card 8 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The best balance transfer credit cards of 2016 Mortgage rates hit 2.75% APR (15 yr fixed). Are you eligible? Reverse mortgages: Too good to be true? Veterans could receive up to $42,000 with these VA benefits Obama urges homeowners to switch to 15 yr fixed If you owe less than $300k, use Obama's once-in-a-lifetime mortgage relief program Why aren't homeowners 62+ taking advantage of a Reverse Mortgage? One-stop approach to retirement investing Earn 10x the national average in your savings account CD Accounts can earn you up to 2% APY The Best Company to Work for in Every State in America The Most Educated Cities in America 10 Job Skills That Will Get You Hired in 2017 The Cost of Child Care in Every State 25 Ridiculously Weird Items Sold Through Amazon 20 Biggest, Safest Family Cars You Can Buy Recommended For You Millennials, money, and the future AP: Trump has offered national security adviser job to Flynn Twitter CEO apologizes for white supremacy ad What a Trump presidency could mean for Amazon.com Donald Trump's name is everywhere -- but what does he actually own? Apple is exploring making iPhones in the US — 'the cost will more than double' Yellen says Fed could raise interest rates 'relatively soon' What percent of Wells Fargo customers are closing their accounts? Shop Our Favorite Deals Buy It Pearl Drop & Leaf Lariat Style Necklace Buy It Whimsical Leaf Double-Sided Swing Stud Earrings Buy It Bluetooth Shower Speaker Buy It Bluetooth 3.0 Smartwatch with Camera & Pedometer Buy It Solid 14kt Gold French Lock Hoops Buy It DashCam Hi-Res Car Video Camera & 8GB MicroSD Card Buy It Guardian Angel Necklace Buy It Smokeless Indoor Stovetop Grill Buy It Enhance Emergency Weather Radio with Flashlight,... Buy It Bluetooth Earmuff and iGloves Bundle Buy It Portable Handheld Steamer Buy It Gold Collagen Masks: 3-Pack Buy It Mother & Daughter Bracelet Buy It Reversible Plaid Cozy Scarf Buy It Inspirational Charm Necklace Buy It Charmsies Hair Accesories: 2 or 5 Pack Buy It 'Crystal in a Rose' Earrings Buy It Sheer Lace Crochet Trim Scarf Buy It Tara Island Collection White Double Strand Pearl... Buy It Stainless Steel Wine Chilling Stick, Aerator & Pourer Buy It Blue Apron: 3 Delivered Meals for 2 People Buy It Layze Flexible Universal Car Mount Buy It Kiribati Collection Baroque Pearl Pendant Buy It Herb Mill & Grinder Buy It Soft Beauty Makeup Sponges: Set of 5 Buy It Moon Dance Silver Crescent Earrings Buy It SainSonic Wireless HD Stereo Earphones Buy It Genuine Tanzanite Round Sterling Silver Studs Buy It Rosetta Stone Language Box Set (Levels 1-4) Buy It Buy One, Get One Free: Washable Makeup Organizer Buy It Nail Polish Bottle Holder Buy It FresheTech Splash Tunes Bluetooth Shower Speaker Buy It Copper Wire String Lights Buy It Fruit & Vegetable Slicer Buy It FRESHeBUDS Pro Magnetic Bluetooth Earbuds Buy It A-Audio Legacy Noise Cancelling Headphones with... Buy It Carteret Heated Eyelash Curler Buy It Makeup Artistry Course Buy It DUOPRO Curling & Flat Iron Buy It Salad-to-Go Bowl Buy It Trendy Cell Phone Cross Body Bag Buy It Car Plug-In Air Purifier Buy It Spa Cocoon Microfiber Bathrobe & Beach Towel Buy It Metallic Nail Art Set Buy It Complete Skin Solutions Advanced Anti-Aging B5 Gel... Buy It Digital Meat Thermometer Fork Buy It DermaCessity Gold Peptide Replenishing Serum Buy It Code Black Drone with HD Camera Buy It Nut Mini Tracker Buy It Montana Blue Graduated Swarovski Elements Crystal... Buy It Cleo Bracelet Buy It ProX by Olay Advanced Facial Cleansing System with... Buy It Nut Find 3 Smart Tracker Buy It Smart Bluetooth Fitness Watch Buy It DermaCessity Bio-Cellulose Under-Eye Peptide Face Mask Buy It Adorn by LuLu 'Tree of Life' Stacked Bracelet Buy It Collapsible Purse Organizer Buy It 'Dream a Little Dream' Infinity Scarf Buy It SMART FIT Mini Health & Fitness Monitor Watch Buy It Sulu Sea Collection Pearl Drop Earrings Buy It Oral-B Compatible Replacement Toothbrush Heads: Pack... Buy It Kasa LED Low Energy Bluetooth Smart Bulbs: 2-Pack Buy It Comfort Bamboo Pillows With Memory Foam: 2-Pack (Queen) Buy It Martian Notifier Smartwatch Buy It Leather-Style Wrap Bracelet Watch Buy It VINEBOX Premium Wine Club Buy It Avocado Joy Slicer Buy It DermaCessity Gold 24K Gold-Plated Beauty Massage Bar Buy It iPhone Charging Dock Station Buy It AIR Ionic Car Air Purifier & Charger Buy It Hand Stylus Buy It Advanced Home Teeth Whitening 3D Kit Buy It Beach Girl Bangle Buy It Handheld Portable Air Conditioner Buy It Professional Blackhead & Blemish Extractor Tool Kit Buy It Urge Basics Snakeskin MFi Certified Lightning Cable... Buy It IllumiBowl Toilet Night Light Buy It The Traveler Makeup Bag Buy It Diamond Pro Ultrasonic Toothbrush with UV Sanitizer Buy It Mermaid Turquoise Anklet Buy It Thai Five Elephant Bangle Buy It Bed Light Deluxe 2-Sensor Kit Buy It 6.5-Ft Apple MFi-Certified Lightning Cable: 3-Pack Buy It Luxury Gemstone Leather Bracelet Watch Buy It Facial Hair Removal Tool & Bonus Razor Buy It Makeup Brush Cleaner Buy It Complete Skin Solutions Botox In A Bottle Buy It Sculptor 32-Piece Wood Makeup Brush Set Buy It Whitening Pro System Buy It Egg Yolk Suction Separator Buy It Rotating Car Phone Stand Buy It Maxboost 3100mAh Battery Case for iPhone 6/6s Buy It Casetify Apple Watch Band: $70 Credit Buy It Ray-Ban Camo Aviator Classic Sunglasses Buy It Mujjo iPhone 6/6s Leather Wallet Case Buy It Massage for Beginners Buy It Elise Joan Fitness: Lifetime Membership Buy It OILILIO Fill & Pour Prep Tool Buy It Bone Conduction Bluetooth Headphones Buy It CHEXMATE Collection Wristlet Wallet Check out our new shop More to Explore From Our Partners Trump will remake agency that ruled against Vegas hotelCNNMoney Will supermarket food prices jump under Trump?CNNMoney New tax cuts may not be as big as Trump toutedCNNMoney Trump 'came after me like a dog with a bone'CNNMoney Facebook, Google to halt ads on fake news sitesCNNMoney Yuan hits lows not seen since the financial crisisCNNMoney 15,000 mosques are going greenCNNMoney Adult FriendFinder probing claims of a second hackCNNMoneyBy PubExchange Fri, Nov 18 °F Set Your Location City, State, or Zip Mail Search Sign In / Join My Account Log Out News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Sports Games Video Shop Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile © 2016  AOL Inc.
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Gymnastics Girls Volleyball Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Softball Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Sponsored Blogs Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments 'Shoplifter' shot by cops in Walmart parking lot: mayor Print Email Michaelangelo Conte | The Jersey Journal By Michaelangelo Conte | The Jersey Journal The Jersey Journal Follow on Twitter on September 17, 2016 at 3:00 AM, updated September 17, 2016 at 9:25 AM comments A man suspected of shoplifting at the Walmart in Kearny yesterday morning was shot by a police officer when he drove his vehicle at the officer while trying to flee, the town's mayor said yesterday afternoon. The accused shoplifter, Ramon Martinez, 43, of Newark, and a second man, Diego C. Dosreis, age 28, also of Newark, have been charged, Hudson County Prosecutor Esther Suarez said. Martinez is charged with eluding, receiving stolen property and shoplifting. Dosreis has been charged with receiving stolen property, Prosecutor's Office spokesman Ray Worrall said. The Kearny police officer who shot Martinez was not injured, but he was evaluated at a local hospital, which is standard procedure when an officer fires his weapon, Kearny Mayor Al Santos said. The officer, who was not identified, is a veteran of the force, the mayor said. Martinez was struck in "an extremity," the Prosecutor's Office said, and he is in stable condition at a local hospital. Santos said the shooting appeared to be justified. "The suspect is believed to have been a fleeing shoplifter and he threatened the officer with his vehicle," Santos said. "The officer had to respond. He shot at the suspect because he was threatened by the suspect's vehicle as he tried to get away from the police officer trying to apprehend him." Santos said the officer fired multiple shots and at least one struck Martinez in the parking lot of the store on Harrison Avenue. The incident is being reviewed, as is customary, by the Hudson County Prosecutor's Office, which did not provide any further details on the incident. "When faced with an oncoming car, it seems to me it was an appropriate response," Santos said. "The incident is under review and if there are any questions, we will be looking at them." Santos credited his detectives for tracking down the shoplifter and his alleged accomplice. "The detectives who were able to apprehend the suspect, their police work was outstanding," Santos said. "The suspect had fled after the shooting in the parking lot and the Kearny Detective Squad, based on information they collected at scene, were able to apprehend him later in Newark. "It's important that the suspect was arrested ... (as) it is also a deterrent because you know there is an effective response and police officers will be on the scene promptly and an arrest will be made." Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries N.J. News In Your Inbox From local news to politics to entertainment and sports, the twice daily Right Now eNewsletter has all of the New Jersey news you need! Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Get Healthy: Health & Fitness Info for N.J. Why STDs are up in N.J., a ranking of all 21 counties A purpose-driven life offers surprising protection against Alzheimer's These 25 hospitals got the top grade in safety ratings MORE HEALTH & FITNESS NEWS » Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Tennis Girls Golf Girls Swimming Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Field Hockey Boys Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Equestrian Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Rugby Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating My Recipe Box Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Weddings Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu News Videos Sports Videos High School Sports Videos Entertainment Videos Ann Arbor Videos Bay City Videos Detroit Videos Flint Videos Grand Rapids Videos Jackson Videos Kalamazoo Videos Lansing Videos Muskegon Videos Saginaw Videos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments 'Blair Witch' review: More of the same lame game of shaky-cam and teenage twits Print Email John Serba | jserba@mlive.com By John Serba | jserba@mlive.com MLive.com Follow on Twitter on September 17, 2016 at 7:25 AM, updated September 17, 2016 at 7:27 AM comments FILM REVIEW 'Blair Witch' 2 stars (out of 4) MPAA rating: R for language, terror and some disturbing images Cast: James Allen McCune, Callie Hernandez, Corbin Reid, Brandon Scott Director: Adam Wingard Run time: 89 minutes "Blair Witch" is the right and proper sequel to 1999's "The Blair Witch Project," a movie I loved for its rough-and-tumble ingenuity, but eventually grew to hate. At the time, directors Eduardo Sanchez and Daniel Myrick forged fresh ground with an approach so raw, ragged and cheap, it suspended our disbelief like no fiction before it. The technique was shrewdly simple: amateurish, wobble-and-thrash camcorder cinematography previously seen in every home movie ever made, but no one was savvy enough to capitalize on yet. It's the essence of do-it-yourself filmmaking – use mom's credit card to buy a camera at Wal-Mart, strap it on and go. As for proper lighting? Framing? Acting? Writing? Surely, you jest. And as happens in the wake of such innovation, copycats began flooding screens big and small with faux-found footage horror stories that show a toe or elbow of the spectre, demon or zombie that's murdering dirt-stupid teenagers, thus saving on budget and rightly assuming that what we don't see, and therefore imagine in our own irrational minds, is often scarier than a state-of-the-art makeup or CGI job. The "Blair Witch Project" imitators quickly grew tiresome and irksome, and the shaky cam more gruesome than any monstrous antagonist. A dashed-off meta-sequel, 2000's "Book of Shadows: Blair Witch 2," gamely attempted a different approach, and its self-referential tone was rejected outright as a creative failure, and the film was quickly disowned by everyone, even diehard horror mavens who will sit through any feature with a slashy font on the poster and a few gallons of red corn syrup. Which leads us to this new "Blair Witch," which follows the original film chronologically, and returns to the tried, true, very tired form. The conceit is more complicated, and therefore more contrived. James (James Allen McCune) is the brother of Heather, the iconic close-up hyperventilator from the first movie. After whatever happened to her at story's end, no trace of her was found, even by search parties. Banking on a blurry clue in a YouTube video, James believes he can find his long-lost sibling in the dreaded Black Hills Woods, which are steeped in folklore about an 18th-century persecuted witch haunting anyone who dares wander the trails. His friend Lisa (Callie Hernandez) is following his story for her documentary class project. They recruit friends Peter (Brandon Scott) and Ashley (Corbin Reid) for a camping trip, with local Blair Witch experts Lane (Wes Robinson) and Talia (Valorie Curry) eventually tagging along. Which totals six eggs in this twit omelet, likely soon to be devoured by whatever moaning ghoul lurks among the trees in search of a tender, gullible breakfast. 'Sully' review: Tom Hanks is remarkable, as usual, in typically sobering Clint Eastwood drama To underscore the technological advancements of the last 18 years, the core four are outfitted with earpiece cams and a drone, and even Lane drags along his video camera. So that's five amateur cinematographers giving us the same first-person blur of trees and dirt illuminated only by a flashlight with fickle battery power, and soundtracked with much, much yelling. The first night in the woods, they're greeted by immense howling noises and the sounds of large tree limbs cracking, coming from both nowhere and everywhere. They wake to find weird twig-totems hanging around the site, and decide enough is enough. But the path out leads them through an apparent fracture in the space-time continuum, and right back to the same spot for another night of unwise solo treks into the foliage for firewood and private urination. It was then I noticed the sharp metallic squeak of a theater chair a few spots down the row, integrating itself into the picture, inadvertently upstaging the action on the screen, which began to resemble the stock slasher films in which pinheaded mortals are picked off one at a time by a lurking plot device. But hey, at least Jason Voorhees adhered to most laws of physics (save for the one about staying dead once you're no longer alive), therefore establishing at least a rudimentary set of "rules" for the narrative. "Blair Witch" shows no interest in such things. It throws one vague, random supernatural phenomenon after another at its protagonists, begging us to describe it as suggestive horror instead of conceptual slop. This might be forgivable if director Adam Wingard ("The Guest," "You're Next") employed more of the vivid imagery of the film's final moments, set in a house that seems to have crawlspaces beneath crawlspaces, and attics atop attics. His use of lightning flickers and cramped interiors finally conjures the suffocating intensity "Blair Witch" needs to transcend the clichés of this ramshackle subgenre. One of the characters squeezes into the type of dirt tunnel that's so tight, I figured if that was me, I'd drown myself in the inch of dingy water she was crawling through. But I also decided I'd rather stuff myself into that hole than sit through another derivative visual jigglefest of a horror movie like this again. 'The Light Between Oceans' review: Michael Fassbender, Alicia Vikander anchor deep melodrama 'The Sea of Trees' review: Matthew McConaughey can't save cornball melodrama 'Morgan' movie review: Anya Taylor-Joy gives derivative sci-fi a malevolent boost Movie review: Frightening 'Don't Breathe' keeps it simple, stupid, and is better for it Entertainment Listings Events Music Food More Michigan Entertainment Search for events throughout Michigan Read the latest music news and concert reviews Get television news Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Site Map Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home About us Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook News Maine Police Searching For Woman Who Disappeared at Walmart Parking Lot News Maine Police Searching For Woman Who Disappeared at Walmart Parking Lot By Jim Liao, Epoch Times | September 18, 2016 AT 5:16 PM Last Updated: September 18, 2016 5:17 pm Maine Police are searching for a Fairfield woman who has been missing since late August. Valerie Tieman, 34, was last seen with her husband Luc Tieman on Aug. 30 at a Wal-Mart parking lot.  The couple had parked in a red pickup truck. Luc Tieman then went into the store while Valerie remained in the car, but when he returned, she was missing. Two weeks after the incident, Valerie’s parents residing in South Carolina reported her missing to Fairfield police on Sep 16. As to why Luc waited to report the incident, Maine State Police spokesman Steve McCausland said, “I don’t have an explanation as to his inaction,” reports WABI-TV. McCausland added that police will be investigating the Walmart surveillance camera and financial records, as well as talking to Valerie’s friends and family. Luc Tieman also told the Morning Sentinel that his wife had “run off” before, though he didn’t provide additional details. Valerie Tieman is being described by police as 5 foot 7, 165 pounds, and with short brown hair and eyes. Anyone with information on the whereabouts of Tieman are asked to call state police in Augusta at 624-7076 or the Fairfield police. Editor’s Picks What Trump’s Presidency Means for Health Care Sector Grass-Roots and Professional, Anti-Trump Protests Seek Healing and Political Change ‘Human Rights is Part of the DNA of America’: An Interview with Gary Locke on Hillary Clinton, China, and the 2016 Election Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in NewsJudge: No Sharing Selfies With Marked California BallotsIran’s Supreme Leader Criticizes Both Clinton and TrumpSean Hannity Apologizes for Fake Story on Michelle Obama, ClintonRussia Won’t Give up Disputed Islands Latest in News News Judge: No Sharing Selfies With Marked California Ballots News Iran’s Supreme Leader Criticizes Both Clinton and Trump News Sean Hannity Apologizes for Fake Story on Michelle Obama, Clinton News Russia Won’t Give up Disputed Islands News Police: 6 Dead After Buses Crash in Baltimore News Wo Foo Tai Po Upsets South China in HKFA Senior Shield Quarter Final News Stingray Injuries Spike at Southern California Beach News Experiencing Shen Yun Orchestra is ‘Kind of Like Being in a Dream’ News Shen Yun Symphony Orchestra Leaves Audience With an Indescribable Experience × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
Log In News Stories News Obits Sports Classifieds Photos Facebook Twitter The Village Reporter Serving Williams & Fulton Counties In Northwest Ohio Home Page Subscribe Buy Locally Advertise Order Classified News Suggestions Contact Us Recent Headlines: November 17, 2016 | Delta Students Learn About To Thwart Bullies By Being ‘Cool’ November 17, 2016 | Edon High School To Present “Bye Bye Birdie” The Musical November 14, 2016 | Wauseon FFA Alumni Hosts Donkey Basketball Fundraiser Game November 14, 2016 | Norwayne Wrestles Away Playoff Win From Swanton Bulldogs November 14, 2016 | Gas For Vets Fundraiser A Success In Pioneer November 14, 2016 | Land Bank Will Try To Acquire, Demolish 20 Homes In 2017 November 14, 2016 | Delta American Legion Post Honors Vietnam Veterans November 14, 2016 | Bryan City Council Moves Forward On 2016 Miscellaneous Sewer Project November 14, 2016 | New Fire District & Pay Raises Discussed by Delta Village Council November 14, 2016 | Edon Co-Op Celebrates Successful Year; Director Announces Retirement Search for: Home News (Subscription Required) Wauseon Board Of Education Approves New Personnel Posted By: Forrest Church September 18, 2016 The Wauseon Exempted Village Board of Education took the following actions at the September meeting: Approved the following donations: •Practice gear, helmets and shoulder pads from Wauseon Midget Football to the JH football team with an approximate value of $8,205 •$15,750 from the Wauseon Athle... Subscription Required Subscription support allows our reporters and photographers to travel into our Williams and Fulton County communities to cover local news. Just as a gas station sells gas or a restaurant food; we have published newspapers since the 1800's due to our faithful local residents providing financial support via subscriptions and/or picking up a hard copy at local stores. LOG IN now if you are already a subscriber to view this story and gain full website access.  Thank you for your support! START YOUR SUBSCRIPTION for instant access (little as $6.00 per month).  Signing up takes just a few minutes. PURCHASE A SINGLE COPY at counter sale locations located throughout Williams and Fulton Counties ($1.50 per copy). REQUEST ONLINE CREDENTIALS if you are already a paid subscriber and need your web access login information (no extra charge). *News stories are often placed on our website up to a week prior to being published within both our online and print editions. Purchasing a subscription gives access to all live website stories along with both our online and print mailed editions.   Username or E-mail Password Remember Me     Forgot Password Local News Sponsored In Part By: SHARE TWEET PIN SHARE Previous post Next post Subscriber Information Log In Account Information Request Credentials (Paid Subscribers Only) Subscribe Now This Week’s Sponsors Most Popular Recent Posts Tell Us: What Are You Thankful For? Paul Heisey Named Citizen Of The Year At West Unity Chamber Banquet Frances Lerma (1964 - 2016) Dale L. Klopfenstein (1934-2016) Peggy L. Chamberlin (1932 - 2016) West Unity Three Arts Club Hosts An Election Day Supper Archbold Man Talks About Appearing On ‘Wheel Of Fortune’ Madison Bonney Of North Central Traded Volleyball For A Pair Of State Records Don E. Ford (1939 - 2016) News Categories Classified Ads (Free Viewing) (7) News (Subscription Required) (6,687) Obituaries (Free Viewing) (1,490) Online Edition / Current (Subscription Required) (3) Online Edition Archives (Free Viewing) (5) Publisher's Favorite Stories (23) Sports (Subscription Required) (2,518) Thanksgiving 2016 (1) Hours Of Operation 115 Broad Street Montpelier, Ohio 43554 1-419-485-4851 Monday - Friday 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. Search Our Website Search for: Copyright 2016 - The Village Reporter Share This Story On Facebook Share This Story On Twitter
Home Weather 74° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Walmart thief hopeful for job...at Walmart Operations safe surrender Garin Flowers, WTSP 2:16 PM. CDT September 18, 2016 Walmart thief hopeful for job...at Walmart (Photo: WTSP) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST ST. PETERSBURG, Fla.-- Yes, that's a real headline, and this actually happened.  On Saturday, the Pinellas County Sheriff's Office held its annual Operation Safe Surrender. PCSO partners with the courts to allow people with outstanding non-violent misdemeanor warrants to safely turn themselves in and have their warrants reviewed. RELATED STORY: Operation Safe Surrender - 38 misdemeanor warrants processed, purged That helps potentially resolve the case instead of there being an arrest. But, listen to this. There was a moment in court that stopped the judge in his tracks. A woman pleading guilty for stealing a cart of merchandise from Walmart shared her interesting plan to turn her life around. Here's how the conversation went:  Judge: “Do you work?” Defendant: “I’m looking for [work], I have an interview. I’m waiting for Walmart to call me back at Pinellas Park. I have an interview with them.” Judge: “I’m on candid camera aren’t I?” “How do you think it’s gonna go when the background shows that you tried to take a cart full of stuff from -- well -- Walmart?” “A lot of times, that’d be a disqualifier. What do I know? There, I’m over it.”  That prompted some laughs from the judge, staff members and even the bailiffs. But, all jokes aside, the court collected $1,113 in fees and fines. No arrests were made during the event.  CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Texans players given warnings ahead of Mexico game High speed chase ends with deadly crash Ex-teacher pleads guilty to sexually assaulting student Houston Forecast for Friday morning Family that returned husky is given new dog 21-year-old Carl Conyers found safe Brutal new details in teen's murder Search continues for missing UH student Check before renting out home for Super Bowl Representative's son missing More Stories Mother: Missing UH student, Congressman's son found safe Nov 18, 2016, 4:51 a.m. Woman dies after car slams into pole, splitting it in half Nov 18, 2016, 5:33 a.m. Donald Trump offers Jeff Sessions attorney general post Nov 18, 2016, 6:18 a.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Election 2016 Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Animals Food CBS TV Shows City Pros More... Sandwich Generation Movie Minute Tech-Gaming More Features Rodeo Houston Obituaries Life in Balance Buffalo Bayou Park Day For Night Great Day Houston Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer © 2016 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS cars.com Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Tampa Bay Times: Subscribe Make Payment/Renew Missed Paper Vacation Stop E-Paper TBO: Advertise Contact Us AUTOS HOMES JOBS Friday, Nov 18, 2016 73° Home Local News US & World Sports Entertainment Radar Weather Special Sections Politics Trump connects with fed-up folks in Pasco County By ADAM C. SMITH Times political editor Published: September 18, 2016 HOLIDAY — Donald Trump’s prospects for winning the White House will probably rise or fall among the strip malls and 1,000-square-foot ranch homes of southwest Pasco County. In this working-class suburb of Tampa Bay, finding people enthusiastically supporting Hillary Clinton is tough. Finding people enthusiastically supporting Trump is less difficult. Finding people fed up with the status quo is a piece of cake. “It’s not that I like Trump that much, it’s that I dislike Hillary so much. I don’t think (Barack) Obama did anything for us, and I see it continuing with Hillary. At least with Trump, there’s a chance for some change, and I’m all for change,” said 66-year-old retiree Ken Seekford, plunging into a bowl of soup at Jimmy’s Restaurant in downtown New Port Richey. A lifelong Democrat who moved to Pasco from Maryland two years ago, Seekford is so turned off by Clinton that he switched his registration to Republican after watching the Democratic National Convention. “Look at everything she was caught in,” he said. “With those emails, somebody asks her, ‘Did you wipe your hard drive?’ And she says, ‘What do you mean, with a rag?’ Come on, she’s smarter than that.” Trump can’t win the presidency without winning Florida, and many observers question how he can win Florida if he fails to do better among Florida’s one in three minority voters. That’s not expected to happen. So how is it that poll after poll shows Trump running neck-and-neck with Clinton, with a real shot at winning Florida’s 29 electoral votes? The answer lies behind the Advanced Auto Parts and Big Lots stores along U.S. 19, in 40-year-old subdivisions with names like Holiday Lakes Estates, Beacon Square and Regency Park. Those who divide Florida into political territories call this corner of Pasco County Florida House District 36. And unlike the vast majority of legislative districts across America, the roughly 100,000 voters here tend to be independent-minded and unpredictable. Thirty-five percent are registered Republicans, 34 percent Democrats and 31 percent belong to neither party. In 2008 and in 2012, Obama narrowly carried Florida House District 36, and narrowly won Florida. But a poll of likely voters taken in July by a Democratic polling firm found Trump with a double-digit lead over Clinton — 51 percent to 39 percent — in this district. • • • Southwest Pasco County looks tailor-made for Trump: 90 percent white, nearly 90 percent without college degrees, median household income of about $34,000. Also, widespread anxiety over crime and a deteriorating quality of life. In the 1970s, this was a blue-collar retirement mecca that attracted Northeasterners who could buy a comfortable two-bedroom ranch with attached garage for $10,000. Many of these same homes sold for more than $140,000 during the peak of the housing bubble in 2006, only to see their values plummet to less than $50,000 today. The numbers help explain how Trump is defying the conventional political wisdom that Florida’s fast-changing demographics will make the state a steep climb for a Republican nominee so weak among minority voters. That conventional wisdom also may underestimate Clinton’s unpopularity based on conversations inside the VFW post, outside the Walmart and inside Jimmy’s Restaurant. “She should be in jail, and you or me would be if we did what she did with those emails,” said Dorothy Jay of Holiday over lunch at Jimmy’s with her husband. “At least Trump is not going to be taking payoffs from people wanting something.” “I don’t trust her, and we don’t need another four years of Obama,” said Alan Jay, who moved with his wife to the area from Long Island in 1994. “Trump’s problem is that he has diarrhea of the mouth. He speaks before he thinks, but what comes out of his mouth is honest.” Republican pollster Wes Anderson, who works for the Rebuilding America Now super PAC helping Trump, said Clinton has at least as much to do with Trump’s strength in Florida as Trump. “Everyone talks about Trump’s negatives, and we kind of miss the point that Hillary Clinton has just as strong negatives as he does — and in some ways hers are more telling,” Anderson said. “This is a change election, and she is anything but that. Whether she likes it or not, she wears the mantle of the political establishment. ... That is actually what’s happening in Florida.” Even as Clinton dramatically outspends Trump on TV ads in Florida and builds a more robust voter-turnout operation, the candidates are virtually tied. The average of recent Florida polls compiled by RealClearPolitics.com on Friday had Trump with 45.1 percent support and Clinton with 44.4 percent. “The assumption is it’s because Trump is running up the score in the markets where Republicans have to run up the score when they win Florida,” said Anderson. “I think that’s only half of the story. There are lots of places where she is underperforming, and I do think it’s going to come down to Tampa and Orlando.” Candidates and political operatives in competitive legislative races in Hillsborough and Pinellas counties say they see Trump running much stronger than expected. Democratic state Rep. Amanda Murphy represents District 36 and keeps her distance from Clinton while knocking on doors or talking with residents, many of whom recently experienced severe flooding from Hurricane Hermine. She said she understands the sentiments of Trump backers she encounters. “People do want change, and I understand that,” said Murphy, who stresses to people that she is not a lifelong politician and is focused on Tallahassee, not Washington. The district used to be represented by Republican Mike Fasano, now Pasco’s tax collector, who said he hears plenty of anecdotal evidence about Trump’s strength. “I don’t know that they are as much in love with Donald Trump as they are disgusted with the whole process, and they have been disgusted by it for years,” Fasano said. “People are just tired of the old regimes in Washington, whether it be Republicans or Democrats, and whether it’s Mitch McConnell or John Boehner or Hillary Clinton. They’re just tired of it. They feel understandably like they’re not being told the truth, and they’re tired of being pushed aside.” Even if Trump wins this district comfortably, he could lose Florida. Charlie Crist, the populist Republican-turned-Democratic candidate for governor, beat Rick Scott by 10 percentage points here in 2014 but still lost narrowly statewide. • • • Four years ago, Mitt Romney lost this district to Obama by 2,404 votes, or nearly 4 percentage points. But this year’s super wealthy Republican nominee is connecting far better with the blue-collar voters of Pasco than 2012’s super wealthy nominee. Among the transplanted Northeasterners, Trump is more Queens than Wall Street. “Trump works with laborers and goes up and pats them on the back. Hillary doesn’t do that,” said Seekford, sitting at Jimmy’s. “Hillary doesn’t even want to touch a commoner. It might rub off on her.” At Jimmy’s with his wife, 84-year-old Democrat Joe Trumbauer talked about how tough it is caring for his wife with Alzheimer’s because he can’t afford help. He’s a loyal Democrat, a former Mack Truck auto worker from Allentown, Pa., but is intrigued by Trump. “We didn’t get a Social Security raise in the last two or three years — and that’s Democrats in the White House,” Trumbauer said. “I do in a way want to vote for Trump, but I’m afraid to because I don’t know what he’s going to do.” Even Clinton supporters in the area sounded sheepish about supporting her. Inside Randolph Ford VFW Post 7845 in Port Richey, where most of the boisterous men and women at the bar said they liked Trump, retired Air Force veteran John Rodgers, 80, said Clinton supporters like himself tend to be more low-key. “It’s because she’s been in politics for so long,’’ Rodgers said. “It’s hard to get excited about and trust someone who’s been in politics so long.” Contact Adam Smith at asmith@tampabay.com. Follow @AdamSmithTimes. Tweets from https://twitter.com/TBOcom/lists/politics-on-tbo Local News Is one of Tampa Bay's premier condo towers sinking? Fennelly: It's impossible not to feel bad for Steven Stamkos Jameis Winston: How the Bucs quarterback is imitating Brett Favre Good year at USF could mean big bonus for president Judy Genshaft Hillsborough firefighter wanted in bar fight is suspected motorcycle gang member Email Email newsletters Contact Us Advertising info Place an ad online Letters Subscription Manage account Subscribe Vacation stop More Info Legal notices About us Privacy statement Terms & conditions About our ads About our company Jobs Social Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Affiliates Centro Tampa Highlands Today © 2016 Times Publishing Inc.
null
View mobile site View mobile site Follow us on         Tulsa's 24-Hour News, Weather and Traffic Hi, (not you?) | Member Center | Sign Out Sign In | Register recent on-air advertisers Now Playing Now PlayingNews-Talk 740 KRMG Tulsa's 24-Hour News, ... Listen Live Search Home News Top Stories Oklahoma News US News World News Breaking News Text Alerts Weather 5-Day Forecast KRMG NexRad HD Radar Severe Weather Preparedness TAKE ACTION: Avoid illness during the summer heat Winter Weather Tips Severe Weather Text Alerts School/Business/Church Closings LIVE StormCenter Chase Cameras Traffic Accidents in Tulsa Current ODOT Construction Projects Traffic Cameras Find the lowest gas prices Accident Report Form Red Alert Traffic Texts The KRMG Morning News Behind the Scenes Blog JAMIE DUPREE Jamie Dupree on Twitter Inside KRMG Air Staff Submit A News Tip KRMG Insider Newsletter Event Guide Community Page How To Advertise On KRMG Concerts Contact Us CoxHSHub.com Tulsa Live Events Union Football Shows KRMG Morning News Herman Cain Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity KRMG Evening News Clark Howard Kilmeade & Friends The Dana Show Chad Benson Show Wheels Car Care Show KRMG.com Presents Voices of Oklahoma Radio KRMG Ask the Experts Weekend The KRMG Gardening Show Contests The KRMG App KRMG TEXT ALERTS Breaking News Alerts Weather Alerts Red Alert Traffic 3 Big Things Home   >  News   >  Local Posted: 2:00 p.m. Sunday, Sept. 18, 2016 Driver reportedly hits bicyclist, leaves the scene He was caught a short time later View Larger  Gary Day Related Dash-cam video shows pantsless DUI driver being arrested Hot air balloon pilot had DUI record Get the KRMG app! By Michael Purdy Sand Springs, Okla. — A 19-year-old driver was tracked down Saturday morning, after allegedly hitting a bicyclist with his vehicle.   The incident happened in front of a Walmart on Morrow Road.   Sand Springs police say Gary Day didn't stick around the scene.  Instead, he left the area with an unidentified passenger.   However, Day didn't get very far.  "Ofc. Barnett activated his emergency lights and conducted a traffic stop with the suspect vehicle, which turned south onto 113th West Avenue and pulled into a parking lot at 3810 South 113th West Avenue," police said.   Once in custody, Gary Day confessed to drinking the night before and taking "some pills." No word on if the passenger was arrested.  We do know he was chatty with officers. "That (passenger) was scared he would get into trouble because he is on probation, so he told Gary to leave," police said.  "Gary then left to take (passenger) to his mother." Day was eventually booked into the Tulsa County Jail.   [Information from arrest and booking report] There are no comments yet. Be the first to post your thoughts. Sign in or register.     Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Trending News Girl suspended for using child-sized butter knife to cut peach at school Happy 88th birthday Mickey Mouse! Which restaurants are open on Thanksgiving Day 2016? 1 dead, 6 others shot at birthday party in Tennessee Reports: Sen. Jeff Sessions tapped to be Trump attorney general, Pompeo to head CIA   News/Weather/Traffic News Weather Traffic Event Guide Events Follow and Share RSS Feeds Advertisers and Sponsors How to Advertise Recent on-air advertisers Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Tulsa Coupons Rare - Conservative News About Us Contact Us Work With Us EEOC Statement Help Audio Help Video Help Search Help   © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group   View mobile site View mobile site Enterprise Feedback Management Survey Software Sign In / Register Sign in with your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign in with your email {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? {* /userInformationForm *} New User?Create a New Account Sign In / Register Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In / Register Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} You're Almost Done! Select a display name and password {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Tell us about yourself {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Create a New Account Select a display name and password Already have an account? Sign In {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Tell us about yourself {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account Already have an account? Sign In {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent you a confirmation email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Close Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification To sign in you must verify your email address. Fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* resendVerification_emailAddress *} {* newPasswordFormButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Sign in
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Another Huge Walton Trade Highlights Insider Selling: Wal-Mart, Charter Communications, UnitedHealth, Commerce Bancshares and More By Lee Jackson September 18, 2016 9:57 am EST Print Email Tweet The markets sure took shareholders on a wild ride last week, and one thing that was notably absent was insider selling. While there were trades, and insiders were making some moves, the volume was dwarfed by insider buying, and in a volatile market that is a good sign for long-term investors. With third-quarter earnings only a couple of weeks away, windows for insiders may be starting to close up. We cover insider selling every week at 24/7 Wall St., and we like to remind readers that just because an individual or 10% institutional owner sells stock, that is no cause for immediate alarm. Many top executives, and even directors, are compensated with stock and often sell just to diversify portfolios or purchase other assets. Here are companies that reported notable insider selling last week. Wal-Mart Inc. (NYSE: WMT) had a member of the founding family of the company selling a massive chunk of the stock for the second week in a row. Rob Walton, who is a 10% owner and a director at the retail giant, sold a total of 2.1 million shares of the stock at prices that ranged from $70.57 to $71.97 apiece. The total for the sale was posted at an incredible $150 million. The stock closed trading last Friday at $72.87, so some was definitely left on the table. Charter Communications Inc.‘s (NASDAQ: CHTR) president sold stock last week. John Bickham parted with a total of 36,825 shares of the media giant at prices between $256.73 and $257.13. The total for the sale was $10 million. The company offers various entertainment, information, and communications solutions to residential and commercial customers. Shares ended the day last Friday at $265.94, so a good chunk was left on the table. UnitedHealth Group Inc. (NYSE: UNH) had a director at the company selling shares last week. That director sold a block of 40,000 shares at prices that ranged from $134.90 to $135.80 per share. The total for the sale was posted at $5 million. Shares closed on Friday at $138.47, well above the director’s selling price. Commerce Bancshares Inc. (NASDAQ: CBSH) had a vice chairman parting with stock last week. Some 50,000 shares of the stock were sold at prices that ranged from $50.00 to $50.24. The total for the sale was posted at $3 million. Commerce Bancshares operates as the bank holding company for Commerce Bank. Its stock closed Friday at $48.73 a share, so the timing looks solid. Paycom Software Inc.‘s (NYSE: PAYC) chief information officer thinned his stake last week. William Kerber sold 55,000 shares at prices between $52.00 and $52.29. That netted him $3 million. Paycom Software provides cloud-based human capital management software solutions for small to mid-sized companies in the United States. The stock closed Friday at $48.56, so some very good timing for this sale. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   These companies also reported insider selling last week: Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (NASDAQ: ACHC), Argan Inc. (NYSE: AGX), MSCI Inc. (NYSE: MSCI) and United Rentals Inc. (NYSE: URI). The decidedly lower volume comes on the heels of recent weeks that saw huge selling, and again the slowdown may be related to insider windows shutting for earnings season, However that certainly wasn’t the case with insider buying. By Lee Jackson « Why This Tiny Drop in the Rig Count May Bring at Least Some Concern Massive Buffett Trade Again Highlights Insider Buying: Phillips 66, Seattle Genetics, Penske Automotive, Wisdom Tree Investments and More » Read more: Investing, Insider Activity, Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (NASDAQ:CBSH), Charter Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ:CHTR), UnitedHealth Group (NYSE:UNH), United Rentals, Inc. (NYSE:URI) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities With the Highest Poverty Rates America's Poorest Cities 50 Worst Cities to Live In The Worst Companies to Work For The Richest Town in Every State Recent Ardagh Registers for IPO Cotiviti Files for Secondary Offering 5 Large Cap Tech Giants On Sale and It Is Time to Buy Will More Black Friday Discounts Offset Pre-Election Slump? Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Walt Disney Co. Could Be a Top Stock Pick for 2017 America's 10 Most Profitable Big Banks 3 Stocks to Buy With Dividends Yielding More Than 4% U.S. leading economic indicators rise 0.1% in October DryShips' stock was up 64% prior to volatility trading halt DryShips' stock halted for volatility Stocks Can See Clearly Now Upbeat Data Sparks Rally in Housing Stocks and ETFs Can Nutrisystem (NTRI) Stock Continue to Grow Earnings? A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively Rio Tinto in spotlight as Australia fraud police targets resources industry Abercrombie & Fitch quarterly sales fall again Is Mallincrockdt Too Risky to Buy Right Now? How To Know When To Dial Your Confidence Up—Or Down Trump Falsely Claims He Stopped Ford From Leaving Kentucky For Mexico Trump-Loving Man Throws Tantrum At Black Starbucks Employee Over Coffee Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: What Is Socially Responsible Investing? An increasing number of investors are looking at more than just financial statements to pick investments. Should you join the growing crowd looking to do well by doing good? Jordan Wathen (TMFValueMagnet) Sep 18, 2016 at 2:27PM Photo by: Getty Images. One of the hottest trends in asset management today is socially responsible investing, sometimes referred to as ethical investing. Socially responsible funds, which include 150 mutual funds and index funds, managed more than $135 billion in assets early in 2016. Some managers, most notably, Trillium, specialize in this strategy. What's popular isn't necessarily what's good for your portfolio, however. What is socially responsible investing? The definition of socially responsible investing depends largely on who you ask, though the strategy is perhaps best defined by what it excludes rather than what it includes. The category's largest funds avoid investments in particular industries that fail tests for social responsibility. One of the largest and most successful funds in the category, the Parnassus Core Equity Fund (NASDAQMUTFUND:PRBLX), specifically avoids companies that generate a significant portion of their revenue from alcohol, tobacco, weapons, nuclear power, gambling, fossil fuels, or from operations in the country of Sudan.   Todd Ahlsten, one of two of Parnassus Core Equity Fund's portfolio managers, once said in an interview that selecting which stocks to avoid for reasons of social responsibility is "a judgement call." He explained that the fund won't invest in Coca-Cola because fund management doesn't "think it's necessarily a healthy product for society." Similarly, the fund has avoided investing in Wal-Mart, because it sees the company as "destroying the downtown areas of Middle America." Neither of these companies would otherwise be left out from the fund by less subjective criteria listed in the fund's prospectus, which simply names industries and geographies it generally avoids investing in.  Vanguard's FTSE Social Index Fund (NASDAQMUTFUND:VFTSX) roughly matches the Parnassus fund's omissions, adding adult entertainment as a revenue source that can lead to a company's exclusion from its fund. Where most such funds aim to avoid particular industries that do not get the green light for social responsibility, other smaller funds make a concentrated effort to invest in companies that exhibit particular ideologies or characteristics. The recently launched SDPR SSGA Gender Diversity Index ETF specifically invests in companies with a high ratio of women to men at the executive level, giving extra weight to gender diversity on boards of directors. The fund advisor even goes so far to state that it intends to make charitable contributions to organizations that "seek to enhance gender equity through educational efforts," noting that these contributions will be benchmarked to the size of the fund. In an interview with the New York Times, Kristi Mitchem, head of the Americas institutional client group at State Street, said that the company believes that "the signal has excess return," suggesting that companies with a greater percentage of women in leadership roles would outperform companies that do not. The fund's marketing materials make references to Europe, noting that several European countries have passed legislation that requires 30% to 40% of corporate board members to be female. In the United States, just 19.2% of board seats in S&P 500 companies are held by women. The ETF hopes that "by investing in companies with gender-diverse senior leadership, SHE may inspire conversation and action to increase gender diversity in company leadership teams," according to marketing materials. Hard to draw lines Many companies exhibit business practices that may qualify them as being socially responsible, while exhibiting others that would disqualify them from the socially responsible label. Costco, frequently heralded for its generous compensation packages for even the lowest-level retail employees, was for a long time the No. 3 distributor of tobacco products. Costco is therefore a leader on socially responsible wages, but it participates tangentially in a business (tobacco) that many see as unfit for a socially responsible fund. The Parnassus fund owns shares of National Oilwell Varco, a major supplier of services and equipment to the oil and gas industries, despite the fact the fund otherwise tries to avoid companies with fossil fuel connections. Admittedly, one could argue that National Oilwell Varco's products attempt to make the industry safer and cleaner, a fair point. Funds can also take very different stances on the same company. Microsoft, which doesn't appear in Parnassus' fund because of its "competitive dynamics," according to an interview, is the second-largest holding in Vanguard's FTSE Social Index Fund. Why invest in socially responsible funds? Investors may take comfort in knowing that their investment returns aren't a result of addictive products like tobacco, or diabetes-causing sodas. Other controversial investments include publicly traded private prisons, which generate more revenue and profits when more people are incarcerated, a reality that may conflict with an investor's moral compass. There is a case to be made that limiting a fund's potential investment universe could negatively affect returns. Cigarettes and other tobacco products are a public health disaster, but a capitalist's dream. The tobacco industry produced the best stock market returns of any industry over a period spanning from 1900 to 2010.  Studies have shown that some of the strategy's cornerstones have merit. Companies whose executives make frequent personal use of carbon-spewing corporate planes underperform others. Another study found that high employee satisfaction was correlated with higher stock market returns over a 27-year period. And while nuclear power may or may not be good for humanity at large, what cannot be debated is the fact that utility stocks broadly underperformed the market average from 1927 to 2011, with greater volatility in investment returns, suggesting that portfolios that have avoided utilities -- for socially responsibility reasons or otherwise -- have outperformed by avoiding an underperforming sector of the stock market. Of course, like any investment strategy or fund type, actual results for socially responsible funds have been mixed. The reality is that more than half of all stock market funds by assets under management will necessarily underperform the average, while only a minority of assets will outperform, due in large part to the fact that the average fund's performance is reduced by fees whereas the stock market average return is not. The Parnassus Core Equity Fund trounced the returns of the S&P 500 over the last 15 years, with an annualized return of 9% compared to the index's 6.4%. Vanguard's index fund has so far been a laggard, returning an average of one percentage point less than the S&P 500 over the last 15 years.  Smart investors exist on both sides of the dividing line, and whether or not it makes sense to invest with socially responsible guidelines in mind is ultimately a personal decision. But with 150 dedicated socially responsible funds on the market in 2016, it's becoming increasingly clear that the strategy's principles are very much here to stay. Jordan Wathen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Costco Wholesale and National Oilwell Varco. The Motley Fool owns shares of Microsoft. The Motley Fool recommends Coca-Cola. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jordan Wathen (TMFValueMagnet) Jordan is a value investor who believes incentives matter. Moats, floats, and compelling valuations.   Follow @jwthn   Send Jordan an email Article Info Sep 18, 2016 at 2:27PM Financials Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $68.97 down $0.22 (-0.32%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $150.88 down $0.32 (-0.21%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $60.54 down $0.10 (-0.16%) Coca-Cola NYSE:KO $41.13 up $0.01 (0.02%) National Oilwell Varco NYSE:NOV $35.16 down $0.15 (-0.42%) Vanguard FTSE Social Index Fund Investor Shares NASDAQMUTFUND:VFTSX $14.11 up $0.09 (0.64%) Parnassus Income Trust- Equity Income Fund (The) NASDAQMUTFUND:PRBLX $39.83 up $0.19 (0.48%) Read More The Election Has Hurt Online Retail Sales Why Total Oil Is Investing in Iran Is Pfizer Rethinking a Company Spin-Off? It's Time to Stop Doubting Best Buy Better Buy: Wal-Mart Stores Inc. vs. Target Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
News The Middle East Africa Asia Europe North America & Oceania South America Special Features Syria Watch Due to the dire nature of the situation in Syria, Impunity Watch has elected to dedicate an entire page to following the story as it develops. The information below is culled from a variety of sources and will be updated periodically. Any commentary does not necessarily reflect the views of Impunity Watch. *WARNING SOME VIDEOS MAY CONTAIN GRAPHIC IMAGES* Journal About Us Contact Us Search → NavigationNewsThe Middle EastAfricaAsiaEuropeNorth America & OceaniaSouth AmericaSpecial FeaturesSyria WatchJournalAbout UsContact Us News Published on September 18th, 2016 | by Portia Skenandore-Wheelock 0 US Prisoners Launch a Nation-wide Strike in Protest of “Prison Slavery” by Portia K. Skenandore-Wheelock Impunity Watch Reporter, North America UNITED STATES — On Friday prisoners in 40 prisons in at least 24 states went on a coordinated strike, refusing to do their assigned jobs, and are demanding an “end to prison slavery.” This is one of the largest prison strikes attempted in decades. The date of the start of the strike coincides with the 45th anniversary of the 1971 Attica prison uprising. The Industrial Workers of the World’s Incarcerated Workers Organizing Committee (IWOC) and the Free Alabama Movement organized and announced the strike in a statement, “Slavery is alive and well in the prison system, but by the end of this year, it won’t be anymore. This call goes directly to the slaves themselves.” Prisoners in states across the US went on strike Friday to protest the exploitation of their cheap, and sometimes even free, labor. (Photo courtesy of the Independent) As state budgets have been cut the over 2 million prisoners in the United States have been a source of cheap, and in some states free, labor. New work programs have prisoners repairing public plumbing, doing underwater welding, cleaning up roadkill, and maintaining public spaces. Prisoners’ jobs also go beyond public works and services. Corporations, such as Starbucks, Wal-Mart, Victoria’s Secret, McDonald’s, IBM, and AT&T, have tapped into prison labor by making deals with both private and public prisons. Prisoner laborers make 12 to 40 cents per hour yet the annual dollar value of their work output is estimated to run in the billions. “We want people to understand the economics of the prison system. It’s not about crime and punishment. It’s about money,” says Melvin Brooks-Ray, founder of the Free Alabama Movement and an inmate for 17 years. Since labor law does not consider prisoners employees, they are not allowed to unionize. IWOC is trying to change that and encourages prisoners to join without charging union dues. IWOC’s site says, “You cannot change this situation through a grievance process that doesn’t work…or through courts that are clearly against you…or through petitions to lawmakers who don’t care about you because you don’t vote…or through hunger strikes against prison officials who want you to starve…or through letters to newspapers who have ignored this situation for decades.” Prisoners in different states have other demands beyond fair wages for their work, such as an end to long-term solitary confinement policies, poor healthcare, poor quality of food, violent attacks, overcrowding, fairer parole policies, and reinstating educational courses for high school diplomas. “Different prisoners have different goals and aims, it’s looking like it’s going to be a state-by-state thing,” said Brianna Peril, co-chair of IWOC and a former prisoner. In response to these non-violent strikes, many prisons are engaging in lockdowns and barring prisoners’ access to communication. For further information, please see: Democracy Now! – Nationwide Prison Strike Launches in 24 States and 40 Facilities Over Conditions & Forced Labor – 9 September 2016 The Guardian – Inmates Strike in Prisons Nationwide Over ‘Slave Labor’ Working Conditions – 9 September 2016 The Independent – Inmates Launch Massive Nationwide Strike to Protest ‘Modern Slavery’ in US Prison System – 9 September 2016 Vice News – Prisoners all Over the US are on strike for ‘an end to prison slavery’ – 9 September 2016 Wired – How to Organize the Largest US Prison Strike Ever…From Inside Prison – 9 September 2016 Print PDF Tags: Free Alabama Movement, Industrial Workers of the World's Incarcerated Workers Organizing Committee, labor rights, prison slavery, prison strike, prisoners' rights, United States prisons About the Author Portia Skenandore-Wheelock Related Posts No related posts found! Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Back to Top ↑ 148 Fans 561 Followers Syria Watch Popular Posts They’re (Not) Lovin’ It. McDonalds And Labor Violation In Brazil 0 comments Protesters Clash with Police over Kumtor Gold Mine 0 comments Chinese Teacher Detained for Allegedly Abusing Kindergarten Children 0 comments Pakistan and China Among Countries With Highest Execution Rates 0 comments China’s Push for Accelerated Urbanization is Pushing Migrant Workers Toward Homelessness 0 comments About Us 0 comments Western Leaders Invited to Inspect Zimbabwe’s “Blood Diamond” Fields 0 comments Indian Court Orders Death Sentence for Three Rapists 0 comments Oil-rich Nigeria’s Lack of Sanitation Contributing to Cholera Outbreak 0 comments Red Cross “Can’t Cope” with Syria Situation 0 comments Impunity Watch App Available Impunity Watch is excited to offer its first mobile app! The app is available on the Android Market, and we are working to develop an app for the Apple Market, which we expect to have available soon. To download the app for your smartphone from the Android Market, Just Click Here! Or scan this Code: Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 March 2007 January 2007 December 1969 March 208 Impunity Watch ...had I only known... © 2013 Impunity Watch About Us Contact Us Links Back to Top ↑
null
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Gymnastics Girls Volleyball Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Softball Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Sponsored Blogs Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Loose change becomes a problem | Bob Shryock Column Print Email Bob Shryock | For NJ.com By Bob Shryock | For NJ.com South Jersey Newspapers Email the author on September 18, 2016 at 8:00 AM, updated September 18, 2016 at 8:14 AM comments Bob ShryockTimes file photo  Like many who drop their loose change into some sort of container upon arrival home from work, Chris McGuigan religiously dumped his coins into a water cooler jug — the old-fashioned type, several feet high with thick glass. Over several years, Chris collected quite a few coins — a whopping $2,500 worth, in fact. But that's not the only story here. Figuring out how to get rid of all those pennies, nickels, dimes and quarters was. "Over time it became full to the very top," Chris says. "I just left it in my garage for a year or two, since I never seemed to have the time to deal with it." When he retired from his job as store manager of a Walmart earlier this year, Chris had hip replacement surgery and decided he could deal with his massive coin problem during recovery. That's when the problems started. First he had to figure out how to get the coin out of the jug — at least 400 pounds worth. "We couldn't hit it with a hammer because the glass would be mixed in with the coins. We tried to use a hose with our wet vac and suck the coins out. That didn't work. So I called glass companies that repair car windows, and glass window installers. I hoped they'd have a way to cut the glass. I needed them to come to the house because I couldn't move the 400-pound-plus jug. No one said they could come out. "My son decided to try a long screwdriver and coat hanger to get the coins out a little at a time. After a full day he succeeded to put the coins in deep lasagna pans to support the weight." Then Chris had to figure out where to take all the loose coin. He called six banks. Most had removed their coin-counting machines. The only banks that still had counters had limits on how much you could bring. Or you had to be a customer. He tried his own bank. He'd been with them for 40 years and had six accounts. "They said they'd take the coin but I had to wrap all of it. I went to the bank but they didn't have enough wrappers. There was a demand on wrappers, so I had to go to six different banks to get enough. "Each day I spent about six hours wrapping coins by hand. I learned weekdays, 10 to 10:30 a.m., were the best times since the banks were slow then. The second week of wrapping coins I was getting close to the end and I was in my bank on routine business. I told the manager I'd likely be in the following week with my coins; he said that would be fine." But when the manager asked Chris how much he had - between $2,000 and $3,000 — he told Chris he couldn't take that much. Chris said he reminded the manager he'd been banking there for 40 years and had six accounts. Sorry, he was told. There wasn't  room. "I said the safe was huge and, wrapped, the coins didn't require much space." The frustrated Chris sarcastically told the manager "Perhaps I should take the coins every time I go shopping, the movies, out to dinner, or to the hardware store, etc. etc." The manager said he had an idea. He suggested Chris bring the coins to his bank at 9 a.m. on a Wednesday. He said he'd deposit it and give it to the bank courier so it doesn't require storage. "I said fine, I'll be there. Then he added there probably would be a service charge for handling the coin." Chris told the manager he'd spent two weeks, six hours a day, counting coin. How much would the service charge be? Chris got a phone call from the manager on Tuesday afternoon. He had more bad news. The bank courier couldn't take the coin. "He didn't have a reason. Perhaps the truck was too small. He suggested I go to eight or 10 branches around Gloucester County and give each one a few hundred dollars until the coin was gone. I said that was ridiculous." Chris decided to call the Walmart store he'd managed in Turnersville and speak to the current manager. "By now the coin was counted — $2,500. She said to bring it in and she'd exchange it for cash." Chris had come to the conclusion that to have a lot of coins is not necessarily a good thing. "I had $2,500 and couldn't do anything with it." Bob Shryock may be reached at bshryock@njadvancemedia.com. Find NJ.com on Facebook. Video of the Day 301 Moved Permanently Moved Permanently The document has moved here. Apache Server at videos.nj.com Port 80 South Jersey News In Your Inbox Get the best of today's South Jersey news, community features and sports in your inbox every day at noon with the South Jersey News Flash eNewsletter. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Gymnastics Girls Volleyball Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Softball Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Sponsored Blogs Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Death, discrimination and despair in N.J.'s temp industry By Kelly Heyboer NEW BRUNSWICK — As the sun begins to rise, Rafael Sanchez emerges from the unheated garage that serves as his home and joins the other temporary workers hustling toward French Street. He becomes part of a small crowd gathering outside of one of several storefront temporary employment agencies that line the busy street. While the rest of the city is waking up, this immigrant neighborhood in the heart of Middlesex County is bustling. At 6 a.m., a gray van rumbles up to the agency Sanchez and about a dozen people silently climb inside. The van travels 30 miles south to a factory near Trenton. Rafael Sanchez, a Mexican immigrant living in the U.S. illegally, came to the U.S. in 2001 to work as a temp worker. Sanchez rents a small room built inside a garage on a dead end street in New Brunswick. (Andre Malok | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com)  For the next eight hours, Sanchez, 65, will stand at a packaging machine on an assembly line. Though he is a temp — short for  temporary worker — he has worked in this same factory for six years. The Mexico native earns $10 an hour with no paid vacation days, few benefits and little hope of ever getting a raise. After his temp agency takes out taxes, the cost of the van ride and other fees, Sanchez will take home $295 at the end of the week, according to his pay stubs. "Not enough," Sanchez says, in Spanish, with a weary smile. As an immigrant living in the country illegally, he says this is the best job he can find. The business of providing blue-collar temps to factories and warehouses is booming in New Jersey, which now has one of the largest concentrations of temp workers in the nation, according to federal statistics. The increasing demand has helped spawn what researchers call "temp towns." They are places like Union City, Elizabeth and, especially, New Brunswick, with dozens of small temp agencies and neighborhoods full of temp workers. Rafael Sanchez walks to a temp agency in New Brunswick where he will catch a van to a factory near Trenton. (Andre Malok | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com)  But New Jersey's "temp towns" have a dark side. Workers and activists say the sector of the temporary employment industry supplying blue-collar workers to warehouses and factories is rife with mistreatment. They complain about low pay or not being paid at all, rampant racial and sexual discrimination, unsafe working conditions and a system that seems to exploit them at every turn. Many temps, including Sanchez, are immigrants living in the U.S. illegally. They say the storefront temp agencies in Hispanic neighborhoods routinely overlook their illegal status and provide them with a vital link to paying jobs in New Jersey's growing network of warehouses and factories. Because few temps are willing to risk deportation by reporting mistreatment to authorities, workers say they often endure working conditions reminiscent of the troubled countries they fled. With assistance by Reveal from The Center for Investigative Reporting -- a nonprofit news organization based in California -- NJ Advance Media spoke to dozens of temp workers, temp agency recruiters, labor activists, government officials and experts over several months about the industry in New Jersey. Among the findings, which reflect a national investigation by Reveal: Racial discrimination is widespread in temp agencies supplying blue-collar workers. In New Jersey, agencies sending workers to warehouses and factories in Central and North Jersey are overwhelmingly located in Hispanic neighborhoods, according to one study. Workers allege companies prefer, and often request, Hispanic temps, who are less likely to complain about low pay or poor conditions because many of these workers are new immigrants or are living in the country illegally. Gender discrimination is rampant in the employment agencies. Women are often paid less than men in blue-collar jobs. Photos taken by New Labor, a local activist organization, show some temp agencies advertise "women's jobs" and "men's jobs," in what a Rutgers University report calls a blatant violation of federal law. Many warehouses and factories offer little, if any, safety training to temps. At least three workers have died in recent years, including a temp who was crushed while sorting packages at an Amazon fulfillment center in Woodbridge in 2013, according to U.S. Department of Labor's Occupational Safety and Health Administration reports. Other New Jersey companies have been fined for exposing temp workers to hazardous chemicals, excessive noise and other dangerous conditions. Several prominent temp agencies in New Brunswick and surrounding towns appear to be operating without a license, in violation of state law, according to a check of a state database of licensed firms. When questioned about the unlicensed firms, the state Division of Consumer Affairs, which oversees licensing of temp agencies, said it would investigate. However, a department spokeswoman admitted Consumer Affairs has not investigated any temp agencies in years. Booming business While parts of the U.S. economy have struggled to recover from the recession, the temp industry is thriving. Last year, there were nearly 3 million temps employed nationwide, an all-time record, according to data from the federal Department of Labor Statistics. Other studies conducted by the temp industry say the numbers are much higher and as many as one in 10 workers nationwide is temporary. "There are more temp industry offices in the U.S. than (restaurants of) the big three burger companies —  McDonald's, Burger King and Wendy's — combined," said George Gonos, a labor studies professor at Florida International University. Middlesex County alone averaged between 18,000 and 23,000 temp workers a month last year, according to federal statistics. Temp workers made up more than 6 percent of the county's workforce, nearly triple the national average. Passaic and Burlington counties also have some of the highest percentages of temp workers in the nation. While temps may bring to mind the image of the "Kelly Girl" office worker who is hired to do a few days of filing or reception work, the industry has changed. About half of temp workers nationwide work in transportation or "light industrial" jobs in warehouses and factories, according to government statistics. Temp workers gather inside one of more than a dozen temp agencies in New Brunswick. Many workers are sent to low-paying jobs in local warehouses and factories. (Andre Malok | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com)  Every time a consumer picks up something at Wal-Mart or orders something on Amazon, chances are good a temp worker has handled the merchandise. The low cost of these workers helps keep down the price of products and helps companies offer cheap, fast shipping. In New Jersey, the temp industry has been fueled by the surge of container ships bringing foreign-made goods into the Port of Newark, the second-busiest port in the nation after the combined Ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach. To handle the goods, companies have built giant warehouses and distribution centers near the New Jersey Turnpike. Many companies and retail chains also save money by hiring third-party logistics firms to run the warehouses, according to researchers who study the industry. The logistics firms often hire temp agencies to supply staff for the warehouses to easily increase or decrease the number of workers during busy or slow seasons. Some workers become "perma-temps," working in the same warehouse for years without getting hired as permanent employees with benefits. 'I am illegal": One temp's story Temp workers in New Jersey warehouses and factories typically earn between $8.38 (minimum wage) and $12 an hour, and have no guarantee of work every day, according to workers. In many New Jersey warehouses and factories, the temp workforce is entirely Hispanic, Gonos said. In a 2011 study, Gonos and Rutgers professor Carmen Martino mapped dozens of blue-collar temp agencies in New Brunswick, Union City, Elizabeth, Paterson, Passaic, Plainfield, Trenton and other cities. Nearly all the agencies were located in or bordering on neighborhoods with the highest percentage of Hispanic residents. Warehouse supervisors and employers want Hispanic workers, due in part to the fact that they are likely to accept low pay and difficult conditions because they are either new immigrants or are living here illegally, Gonos said. "The reason they do that is they are the most vulnerable workforce and hardworking," Gonos said. "And the temp agencies exploit them to the hilt." The New Jersey Staffing Alliance, the industry group that represents the state's temp agencies, disputes any allegations of widespread mistreatment of temporary workers. Temp firms are closely watched by several state and federal agencies and undergo regular audits by their workers' compensation insurance providers, said Elaine Balady, a spokeswoman for the New Jersey Staffing Alliance and a 30-year industry veteran. "We have to meet the standards, and I think as an industry we do," said Balady, president of the Assurance Group, a Bergen County-based temp agency, executive search and consulting firm. But Balady said there may be some temp agencies that are mistreating workers. "Like every industry, there are some people who don't follow the rules," Balady said. "NJSA doesn't support that." Hiring unauthorized workers It is unclear how many temp workers in New Jersey are immigrants living here illegally. Louis Kimmel, executive director of the New Brunswick-based worker activist group New Labor, says a large percentage of temp workers in immigrant neighborhoods turn to agencies because they are not authorized to work in the U.S. "Temp agencies set up shop basically wherever there are Latino neighborhoods in New Jersey," said Kimmel, who has spent more than 15 years advocating for temp workers. "So that's New Brunswick, Perth Amboy, Paterson, Union City, Passaic, Plainfield." Workers say it is easy to purchase forged Social Security cards or simply share stolen or fake Social Security numbers to fill out temp agency applications. Louis Kimmel, executive director of New Labor, speaks to temp workers as they marched through New Brunswick in August carrying a new mural depicting the plight of blue-collar workers in the temp industry. (Andrew Miller | For NJ Advance Media)  "That's the way everyone does it. You're able to find papers," said Carmelo Hernandez, 56, a temp worker who came to the U.S. illegally from Mexico and says he has had the same $10.25-an-hour assignment unloading trucks at a clothing company warehouse for nine years. Balady, the spokeswoman for the New Jersey Staffing Alliance, said her employment agency is among those that use E-Verify, the government's online system to check if a potential employee's name matches the Social Security number on his or her application. Some states, including Arizona, Mississippi, South Carolina and Alabama, require employers to check E-Verify before hiring someone. New Jersey is among the states that don't require employers to use E-Verify. Lyneer Staffing Solutions, a national temp agency with an office in New Brunswick, uses E-Verify and tries to confirm all its temps are in the country legally, said Bryan Smith, president of the Lawrenceville-based firm. But the process is not foolproof, he said. "All of our employees go through the full compliance and verification process," Smith said. "If people are presenting documents that are not theirs, we can't police everybody." In a 2013 lawsuit, the former director of human resources at Lyneer accused the temp agency of intentionally using and hiring "illegal and/or undocumented employees." The lawsuit was settled out of court and neither side would comment on the case. At Delta Personnel Services, president and chief executive officer Stan Lyskowski said his temp agency uses E-Verify to confirm temps are in the country legally only if a company requests it. Delta places as many as 600 temps a week out of its offices in New Brunswick, Bound Brook and Somerset, said Lyskowski, a 30-year veteran of the temp industry. Under New Jersey law, temp agencies are not required to investigate whether the social security cards and immigration documents handed over by employees are legitimate. "We certainly don't knowingly employ any illegal aliens," said Lyskowski. "If the documents presented to us look legitimate ... we process the person." From packing flowers to boxing candy Temp workers participate a march organized by the activist group New Labor in New Brunswick in August. The marchers carried new murals commissioned by the group depicting the plight of temp workers in New Jersey. (Andrew Miller | For NJ Advance Media)  The temp agencies in New Brunswick are easy to spot. They are the businesses lit before dawn year-round. Inside, there are rows of men and women sitting in folding chairs. Some look anxious. All look weary. They are waiting for their names to be called for a job for the day. The stakes are high. If their names are not called, they don't get paid. If they don't get paid too many days in a row, they can't pay their rent and they can't buy food. Some are lucky to score "perma-temp" positions, assigned to the same warehouse or factory every day for years. Others sit in the agencies daily, waiting for short-term assignments. Reynalda Cruz said she spent nearly two decades working on and off for On Target, Delta, Olympus and a long list of other local temp agencies in her New Brunswick neighborhood. Over the years, she packed flowers, boxed up candies, sorted packages, worked on an assembly line at a pharmaceutical company and did other jobs at a series of warehouses across Central Jersey. If she complained that the agency vans were overcrowded or the warehouses were unheated, or questioned whether the chemicals she was breathing were dangerous, Cruz said she usually heard the same answer. "All the jobs are the same. They say, 'You don't want it? There's someone else,'" said Cruz. Frustrated with the treatment she received daily, she left temp work a few years ago to become a community organizer with New Labor, the worker advocacy organization in New Brunswick. Some of Cruz's former employers, including On Target, did not respond to requests to comment on how they handle complaints from workers. Olympus is no longer in business. The owner of Delta Personnel Services disputed Cruz's claim that his temp agency fails to respond to workers' complaints about safety and working conditions. The agency has an extensive screening process to inspect worksites and check the safety record of companies before placing temps in warehouses and factories, said Lyskowski, Delta's owner. Delta pays more than $700,000 for worker's comp insurance each year in the event someone is injured, he said. It would be bad business to ignore the safety of temp workers and risk driving up the cost of that insurance, he added. "We pride ourselves on that," Lyskowski said. "We're going to get bit by having an inordinate amount of injuries." There is little Delta can do about worker complaints about excessive hot or cold conditions in warehouses, which are often unheated and unairconditioned, company officials said. But the agency has pulled workers out of some jobs, including a warehouse where temps complained they were required to work in a freezer without insulated suits. Delta has also removed temps from warehouses where they were asked to perform duties outside of their job descriptions, including driving forklifts, company officials added. "We've actually walked away from companies because (temps) were doing things that weren't reported to us," said Maritza Hernandez, Delta's operations manager. It is a complicated process to get workers from the street to the factory in the temp industry. Under the system, companies or logistics firms call in orders to the temp agencies for a certain number of workers. It is up to the agency to select workers. The agencies usually are paid a certain amount per worker. After paying the worker, the agencies keep the rest of the fee for expenses and profits. Because agencies do not need to explain why they choose one worker over another for an assignment, temps say discrimination often goes unchecked. Several logistics firms declined to comment on hiring practices in the industry. 'Culture of flirting' Last year, Rutgers University researchers released a study on the conditions female temp workers face in New Jersey warehouses. The study, based on interviews with dozens of temps in New Brunswick, found widespread gender discrimination and sexual harassment. New Jersey women working as temps described a "culture of flirting" in which temps who respond favorably to sexual comments or inappropriate touching from warehouse or factory supervisors are rewarded with better jobs or easier work, according to the report by Rutgers' Center for Women and Work. The women who complain about harassment risk not getting called back for assignments. So most stay silent, the study found. "They don't have other options, really. I don't think that they are willing to endure it — they have to," said Danielle Lindemann, one of the Rutgers researchers, now working as an assistant professor of sociology at Lehigh University. Women temps also were routinely paid less than men for the same assembly line work and were rarely given higher-paying forklift operator jobs, the study found. The report included photos of signs in Spanish in New Brunswick temp agencies advertising work "for men only" and lower-paying jobs "for women."  "They are doing things that are blatantly and patently illegal," Lindemann said. Activists with New Labor, the New Brunswick-based workers group, said they took the report to several agencies, including Lyneer Staffing Solutions and On Target, late last year to show managers. Some agencies let New Labor activists remove the signs, said Kimmel, the group's executive director. Representatives of On Target did not respond to requests for comment. Bryan Smith, the president of Lyneer, said he was unaware there were signs advertising men's and women's jobs in his New Brunswick branch. "That is absolutely not our policy," Smith said. Germania Hernandez, a longtime temp now working as a community organizer in New Brunswick, said it is unlikely conditions have improved for female temps since the 2015 Rutgers report highlighted the alleged abuses. Temp workers sit inside On Target Staffing, an employment agency in New Brunswick, before dawn. The agency is one of more than a dozen temp firms in the city. "Work available every day," the sign in the window says in Spanish. (Ed Murray | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com)   Hernandez, 43, said she spent years going to assignments where she had no opportunity to ask about getting one of the better-paying "men's" positions at the warehouses. "Simply, I was told to sit there. Go over here or go over there," Hernandez said through a translator. "Sometimes they didn't tell us what they were going to pay us or how many hours we were going to work. ... It was as if we were sent like a doll or something." If temp workers want to complain about agencies, it is often difficult to know where to turn. Temp agencies are overseen by a complex web of state and federal agencies, including the state Division of Consumer Affairs, the federal Occupational Health and Safety Administration, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and both the state and federal labor departments. Under New Jersey law, a temporary agency must put up a $1,000 bond and apply for a license for each office it opens in the state. But an NJ Advance Media check of several large agencies in and around New Brunswick found at least four prominent firms that appeared to be unlicensed, according to the database of 2,200 licensed temp agencies and employment consulting companies available on the state Division of Consumer Affairs' website. When asked about the locations, a department spokeswoman confirmed the temp agencies appeared be "engaging in unauthorized activities" and would be reviewed. In 2013, Command Center, an Idaho-based temp agency, paid $27,800 in a settlement with the state after being accused of opening offices in Newark and Paterson without a license. The state began investigating when temp workers hired to do post-Hurricane Sandy cleanup work complained Command Center was not paying them as promised. In the settlement, Command Center did not admit to doing anything wrong. It has closed its New Jersey offices. Since that investigation three years ago, there have been no attempts to crack down on illegal temp agencies in New Jersey, said Lisa Coryell, a spokeswoman for the state Division of Consumer Affairs. "The division has not received complaints about any employment agency or temporary help service firm ... in recent years," Coryell said. A spokeswoman for the state Department of Labor, which investigates complaints about workers not getting properly paid, said it has no statistics on how many investigations it has done into temp agencies because it does not track cases by industry. The federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, which oversees complaints of gender and racial discrimination, has taken temp agencies to court in several high-profile cases in Chicago. However, the number of investigations the commission has done in New Jersey is so low there are no statistics available for recent years, said Raechel Adams, EEOC's acting regional attorney for the New York district, which includes New Jersey. All workers, even those living in the country illegally, have the legal right to complain about safety hazards, discrimination or other abuses, federal officials aid. "We are absolutely interested in pursuing these kinds of cases," Adams said. "EEOC does absolutely pursue cases regardless of (immigration) status." Deaths on the job The federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration – known as OSHA-- investigates workplace accidents and safety complaints. The agency started a campaign three years ago to focus on safety for temp workers. The problem is temp workers often get little or no safety training from their agency, factory or warehouse because it is unclear who is responsible for training the workers. "The temp workers are often put in the position where no one is taking responsibility," said Steven Kaplan, OSHA's assistant regional administrator for federal enforcement operations. At least three temp workers from New Jersey died on the job in recent years. Ronald Smith, of Irvington, was working for the temp agency Abacus when he was crushed in a conveyer belt at an Amazon fulfillment center in the Avenel section of Woodbridge in 2013, according to OSHA reports. Mark Jefferson, of Trenton, was a Labor Ready temp when he died in 2012 while working in extreme heat as a garbage collector for Waste Management in Hopewell Borough, the reports said. James Hoyt, a Labor Ready temp from Bogota, was killed in 2012 when he was crushed by a 2,500-pound rack of computers that tipped over while he was loading them into a truck. Hoyt's family was disappointed when OSHA fined the agency and other companies involved in the accident $2,800. "We thought it was toothless — $2,800? That's not much of a deterrent," said his brother, Mike Hoyt. "It's nobody's job to keep these people safe. It's all put on the workers. These temp workers are kind of cannon fodder." Labor Ready, Waste Management and Abacus did not respond to requests to comment on the deaths of their temp employees. Kelly Cheeseman, an Amazon spokeswoman, also declined to comment on the 2013 death of the temp employee in its Avenel warehouse. But she said temp employees make up a small percentage of Amazon's workforce. "Nearly 90 percent of employees across the company's U.S. fulfillment network are regular, full-time employees. As a way of finding high-quality permanent employees to manage variation in customer demand, we also employ seasonal associates," Cheeseman said.     In 2015, OSHA conducted 219 inspections of factories and warehouses in New Jersey and handed out $1.9 million in penalties in its effort to focus on temp safety, according to agency records. In each case, OSHA officials said they fined the company and the temp agency because both are expected to take responsibility for workplace safety. OSHA is trying to ensure "temp workers aren't falling through the cracks," said Kaplan, OSHA's assistant regional administrator. Looking for solutions Temp workers at New Labor, a worker activist group in New Brunswick, join artist Willis Humphrey in April to create banners to highlight the struggle of worker rights in New Jersey. (Noah K. Murray/NJ Advance Media for NJ.com)  Carmen Martino was working as a labor union official in the 1990s when he began to notice long lines of workers waiting to get into New Brunswick temp agencies. At the time, most temp workers in New Brunswick were African-American, Martino said. But the workforce gradually changed to  Hispanic as new immigrants arrived. Martino helped form New Labor, the activist group many temp workers turn to for help. He now studies the temp worker phenomenon as an assistant professor of professional practice at Rutgers University's School of Management and Labor Relations. Though temp workers are slowly getting more attention from government authorities, little has improved in New Brunswick, Martino said. "It feels like the conditions have deteriorated," Martino said. "It wasn't as bad in the beginning as it is now." New Labor has increased efforts to intervene when temps are not paid or face dangerous conditions. In recent years, the group said it has helped workers fight for tens of thousands of dollars in unpaid wages. But New Labor's plan to start its own nonprofit temp agency with better pay and conditions for workers was abandoned after organizers concluded they couldn't compete with less-costly temp agencies. An attempt to get agencies to sign a pledge to abide by the law and treat workers fairly also failed when only one agency expressed interest in participating. Still, Martino says he sees some hope. Earlier this year, a federal ruling opened the door for temp workers to join unions and collectively bargain alongside permanent workers. Perhaps with a union behind them, temp workers could begin to demand higher pay and better conditions, Martino said. "It's not going to be without a real struggle," he said. "Many of them are undocumented. That's a cloud that hangs over all of this. ...  The threat of being deported is real." Sanchez, the New Brunswick temp working in the warehouse near Trenton, said he holds out hope that fellow temps in New Jersey can  get past their fears and demand better treatment. He is among workers pushing for new wage-theft and sick-day laws in New Brunswick and other municipalities that protect all temp workers, including unauthorized immigrants. "Even though we are people who are here illegally, we have some rights," Sanchez said. "And that's the fight. ... We want people to recognize our rights." NJ Advance Media staff writer Enrique Lavin and Will Evans of Reveal from The Center for Investigative Reporting contributed to this report. nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices

Black Friday Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Holiday Gifts Cyber Monday     This Is What The Pokemon Go Plus Colors Red, Green, Blue, Yellow And White Mean Posted: Sep 18 2016, 2:38am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: Sep 19 2016, 5:07am CDT, in News | Technology News   Pokemon Go Plus Colors Explained   The Pokemon Go Plus bracelet is by now in the hands of millions of Pokemon Go trainers. Here is a guide to what the colors mean of the blinking light on the Pokemon Go Plus. The Pokemon Go Plus Bluetooth device is on sale since Friday, September 16 and many of the 500 million who have downloaded the Pokemon Go app have purchased the $34.99 Pokemon Go Plus. The Nintendo-made Pokemon Go wearable is sold out at GameStop, Amazon and Walmart. These three stores have offered the device at some point on Friday according to the Pokemon Go Plus buying guide.  Don't Miss: The Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad New: Enter to Win a Free Pokemon Go Plus at I4U News What the Pokemon Go Plus can do was initially not completely clear. Nintendo and Niantic did not communicate all of its features and only after the first series of user reviews surfaced the full range of features became clear. Niantic has followed up on Saturday with a series of Tweets to confirm the reported functionality. One of the main indicator of the Pokemon Go Plus is the color LED in the center. Here is what the different colors means. Pokemon Go Plus Blinking Color Meanings Blue: The Pokemon Go Plus will blink blue when you encounter a PokeStop. It will flash blue without vibration if the Pokemon Go Plus is not connected to your smartphone. Green: The Pokemon Go Plus flashes green when you encounter a Pokemon that is registered in your Pokedex. Yellow: The Pokemon Go Plus will blink yellow if you encounter a Pokemon that is not currently registered in your Pokedex.  Red: You ran out of Pokeballs. Pokemon Go Plus is only throwing standard Pokeballs and is not using your Great and Ultra Balls. Red Flashes mean the Pokemon fled. White: The Pokemon Go Plus flashes white, when a Pokemon is inside a Pokeball. A white flash without vibration means you Pokemon Go Plus is not paired. Multi-Color: The LED light on the Plus Go shows multiple colors after successfully catching a Pokémon or visiting a PokéStop. The distinction between green and yellow is important to increase your capture chances. If you just push the button on the Pokemon Go Plus to throw a standard Pokeball on a Pokemon not in your Pokedex your chances are slim to capture it. The color yellow means you should pull out your smartphone and use a better ball and maybe even a raspberry, depending how rare the Pokemon is you are facing. Besides using color light for notifications, the Pokemon Go Plus also vibrates. Right now there is no option to disable vibration. The Bluetooth bracelet will vibrate when in sync with the LED light flashes when a Pokemon or PokeStop is here. Once you receive the items after pushing the button, the Go Plus will vibrate and the LED shows multiple colors. It also will vibrate along multi-color light flashes when you caught a Pokemon. A red pulse and vibration means that a Pokemon fled. An important indicator to check if your Pokemon Go Plus is connected to your smartphone. A blue flash without vibration means that the Pokemon Go Plus is paired but not connected. In case your Pokemon Go Plus flashes white, it is not even paired yet. To check if your Pokemon Go Plus is connected, push the button. If it vibrates and there is no light after pressing, it is connected. A solid red light means that you either ran out of Poke Balls, you have moved out of range of the Pokemon or PokeStop or your Item storage or Pokemon storage may be full. If the LED light on your Pokemon Go Plus is not lighting up at all you need to check the battery. Make sure it is installed properly. Removing the battery for 30 seconds will reset the Pokemon Go Plus. If that does not help, get a new battery. The Pokemon Go Plus battery is a CR2032 battery. A pack of four Energizer CR2032 sell for $5.44 on Amazon. The Pokemon Go Plus is according to the manual running up to 100 days (3 months) on single CR2032 battery. Below is the Pokemon Go Plus Quick Start Guide published by Niantic. Niantic also confirms that the Pokemon Go Plus can track distance walked for Eggs and Buddy Pokemon. This feature was a big surprise and has not been mentioned in the product descriptions ahead of the launch. This capability is the most controversial. Trainers are confused about why they have to buy the Pokemon Go Plus to enable the Pokemon Go app to track walking distance when their smartphone is locked and Pokemon Go app is running in the background. A technical clarification from Niantic is needed here.  If there is a technical reason for this, than this is fine. If it is a software problem than Niantic needs to fix their app to make it track distance in pocket mode. Niantic released hours after the Pokemon Go Plus went on sale an updated Pokemon Go app addressing issues using the Pokemon Go Plus. It is highly recommended to update to Pokemon Go 1.7.1 on iOS and 0.37.1 on Android. The Pokemon Go Plus device was rather easy to buy on Friday. Our live launch day coverage help many trainers to secure a Pokemon Go Plus. First GameStop stores offered it. You even could reserve a store pick up in the early hours of Friday. Then the GameStop online store started to sell Pokemon Go Plus Online at around noon ET. Later Amazon offered the device as well, pushing it into the bestselling video game products. Pokemon Go Plus is ranked second overall. On Saturday Pokemon Go Plus has become a hard to find item. Walmart joined the retailers that offer the Pokemon Go Plus, but is sold out since Friday like Amazon and GameStop. Find out how to find and buy Pokemon Go Plus. The Pokemon Go App has been downloaded over 500 million times. The AR game is far from dead and will be around for years. At least this is what Niantic CEO John Hanke is planning on. There will be soon real world social events that glue the trainer community together. At these events new generations of Pokemon come to live. The journey of Pokemon Go has just begun. More Pokemon Go News. You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Tesla's Solar Roof to be Cheaper than Regular Roof Even without Energy Factor Says Musk 3 hours ago Coca-Cola Selfie Bottle Unveiled 5 hours ago South Korea Refuses Google Access to Afficial Map Data 5 hours ago Now Users can Launch Facebook's Safety Check 7 hours ago Nokia Announces Machine Learning based Customer Solutions 18 hours ago, 2:54pm CST NASA Starts Space Poop Challenge to Solve Spacesuit Potty Problems 3 minutes ago Victoria’s Secret Angel Elsa Hosk Reveals Secret to Body Confidence 14 minutes ago Colbert: The New Apple Book Delivers Something Truly Extraordinary 1 hour ago The North Pole is 36 Degrees Warmer Than Normal 1 hour ago Victoria's Secret Black Friday 2016 Deals and Tote Announced 1 hour ago Victoria's Secret Angel Martha Hunt Reveals Her Hard Workout Routine 2 hours ago Top 10 Black Friday Microsoft Xbox One S and Sony PS4 Deals 2 hours ago McLaren Working on a Three-Seat F1-Inspired Hyper-GT 3 hours ago Scientists Hacked Photosynthesis to Boost Crop Yields 3 hours ago NES Classic In Stock at Walmart at 5pm Last Time 3 hours ago Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Featured News Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Announced Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   How to Beat Bots to Buy Nintendo NES Classic at Walmart Each Day at 5pm Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals That Win Black Friday Technology News Tesla's Solar Roof to be Cheaper than Regular Roof Even without Energy Factor Says Musk 3 hours ago Coca-Cola Selfie Bottle Unveiled 5 hours ago South Korea Refuses Google Access to Afficial Map Data 5 hours ago Now Users can Launch Facebook's Safety Check 7 hours ago More Technology News Stories Latest News NASA Starts Space Poop Challenge to Solve Spacesuit Potty Problems 3 minutes ago Victoria’s Secret Angel Elsa Hosk Reveals Secret to Body Confidence 14 minutes ago Colbert: The New Apple Book Delivers Something Truly Extraordinary 1 hour ago The North Pole is 36 Degrees Warmer Than Normal 1 hour ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the Black Friday deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker allows shoppers to quickly find out which Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals all week starting Nov. 18. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Agriculture Business Environment Government News of Record Police Schools Video and Photo AP Wire Nation and World Northwest Oregon Sports Football Picks Athletes of the Month College Community Local Sports Professional AP Sports Obituaries Submit an obituary Forum Submit a letter Editorials Letters Word on the Street Guest commentary Cartoons Limelighter Calendar TV Listings Outdoors Babe Ruth Gems Trivia e-Edition eDeals Classifieds Business Directory Garage Sale Finder Careers Houses for sale Houses for rent Cars Place a classified Advertising Connections Special Sections Active Seniors Basin Business Homes, Business and Land Klamath Life The Nickel TV Week Subscribe Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout e-Edition Subscribe Calendar Jobs Housing Sunday Extra!   Toggle navigation 30° Spec. Sections Active Seniors Basin Business Business Directory College Bound Homes, Business & Land Klamath Life Living Well The Nickel TV Week Graduation Motivation Classifieds Business Directory Garage Sale Finder Careers Houses for Sale Houses for Rent Cars Service Directory Place a Classified Advertising Connections News Agriculture Business Environment Government News of Record Police Schools Video & Photo Associated Press National Northwest Oregon Outdoors Wildfires Sports Football Picks Athletes of the Month College Community Local Sports Professional AP Sports Obituaries Submit an obituary Forum Submit a letter Editorials Letters Word on the Street Guest Commentary Cartoons Limelighter Calendar TV Listings Multimedia Klamath Countdown Galleries Videos Breaking The Latest: Trump taps Rep. Pompeo for CIA job 1 hr ago (…) Close Pat Bushey Look at the figures: economic recovery now well on its way BARRY RITHOLTZ Bloomberg View Pat Bushey Sep 18, 2016 (…) × Tired of seeing surveys on articles? If you are a subscriber, simply log in or Subscribe now! Pat Bushey During the past two years, we have seen signs that wage pressure is building as the economic recovery grinds on. Enough evidence has now accumulated to suggest that it is already happening. The latest data, courtesy of the Census Bureau, which released its annual update on incomes and poverty on Tuesday, showed that median household income increased a whopping 5.2 percent in 2015 to an inflation-adjusted $56,516. As the New York Times, noted, it was “the largest single-year increase since record-keeping began in 1967.” Some killjoys will note that median household income was $57,909 in 1999. That’s true, but the dot-com crash, housing bust and the credit crisis managed to cut that a lot. Median incomes fell 2.59 percent from 2000 to 2004, before almost rebounding to the pre-crisis peak. After 2007, the collapse was greater — a 4.94 percent drop that bottomed in 2013. Story continues below video × Ignore the naysayers; the most recent numbers were a huge positive surprise, showing that incomes for all Americans are rising in a meaningful way. Unlike in recent years, when much of the gains went to an increasingly narrow group at the top of the economic strata, last year’s improvements were broad and deep. “Gains were spread across the income spectrum and by race, while women’s earnings inched closer to men’s,” Bloomberg reported. This is yet more evidence of a job market that, as we previously noted, is not getting weaker but stronger — despite the occasional disappointing number. Of particular surprise to many was that the strongest gains were found among the lowest earners. To what shall we attribute these gains? Four things deserve most of the credit: More people working: The big year-over-year change in employment, with almost 2.5 million more Americans working now than a year earlier, contributed to a meaningful change in total household income. Corporate pay increases: Some of the U.S.’s largest employers, such as McDonald’s and Wal-Mart, have played a significant role in raising incomes at the lower end of the income distribution. Wal-Mart in particular made substantial increases in wages for its lowest-paid employees. These increases stand in sharp contrast to the company’s pay policies of just a few years ago. Note that the increases are not just a public-relations effort, but due to the competitive labor environment; higher pay is needed to recruit and retain workers (and because workers demoralized by the low pay and unappealing employment conditions were hurting the shopping experience for Wal-Mart customers). Minimum wage laws: Pay increases aren’t just voluntarily; after many years of little change in state and local minimum wage laws, increases mandated by legislation are kicking. That means the lowest-paid workers have seen pay rise in a number of cities and states. Economic cycle: We are now in the latter stages of an economic recovery. Typically, we see wage pressure and inflation at some point in the cycle, although usually much earlier than this. But this isn’t the typical postwar recovery — it is a recovery from a financial crisis. These rebounds are longer and slower than others, as excesses of the credit boom must be worked off. The deleveraging process takes a long time. The latest data is unequivocally good for households; what investors need to do is consider what this might mean more broadly. Rising incomes have ramifications for inflation, Federal Reserve policy, interest rates, retail spending, auto sales and residential real estate; it might even play a part in the presidential election. More than seven years have passed since the last bear market and the Great Recession ended. The recovery has been slow and fitful, and hasn’t always been very convincing for many Americans. This improvement was a long time coming. Greet it with open arms. Follow Close Get email notifications on daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Trending Dismembered body found Accused killer and victim were 'couple', says family Sister of murdered woman reported missing Manslaughter suspect charged in separate case Call me a duck Video Highlights Video Veterans Day parade and ceremony 11-11-2016 Nov 14, 2016 A parade and ceremony honoring veterans was held in Klamath Falls on Friday, Nov. 11, 2016, starting along Main Street and culminating with a celebration and remembrance event at Veterans Memorial Park. Klamath Countdown: Friday, Nov. 11, 2016 Nov 11, 2016 Klamath Countdown: Friday, Nov. 11, 2016 Nov 11, 2016 A glimpse inside the Klamath Symphony Orchestra Nov 8, 2016 A glimpse inside the Klamath Symphony Orchestra Nov 8, 2016 OIT presidential candidate Dr. Brad Sims visits campus 11-07-2016 Nov 8, 2016 OIT presidential candidate Dr. Brad Sims visits campus 11-07-2016 Nov 8, 2016 Governor candidate Bud Pierce visits Klamath Falls 11-02-2016 Nov 8, 2016 Governor candidate Bud Pierce visits Klamath Falls 11-02-2016 Nov 8, 2016 Bill Collier Community Ice Arena preps for 2016-17 season Nov 8, 2016 Bill Collier Community Ice Arena preps for 2016-17 season Nov 8, 2016 KU Update Nov 2016 Nov 7, 2016 KU Update Nov 2016 Nov 7, 2016 MaxRead Businesses Klamath-Spine-Rehab Premier Care Dental EcoSolar and Electric Trending now Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Dismembered body found LaPine resident charged with multiple rape counts of minor Homicide on Orchard Street, woman suspect in custody Accused killer and victim were 'couple', says family Hats for Haircuts Unlicensed contractor accused of defrauding elderly couple Sister of murdered woman reported missing Manslaughter suspect charged in separate case Call me a duck Timber & Trump Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Local Survey Will you be shopping on Thanksgiving Day The holiday shopping season is winding up. Several stores will be open on Thanksgiving Day as well as Black Friday. You voted: Yes No Undecided No opinion Vote View Results Back Herald and News 2701 Foothills Blvd. Klamath Falls, OR 97603 541-885-4410 news@heraldandnews.com About Contact Submissions News Sports Calendar Outdoors Limelighter Multimedia Editorials Special Sections Get in touch with the Herald and News Common Submissions Submit News Send a Letter to the Editor Submit a Sports Tip Submit an Obituary Add a Calendar Event New or changed business All submissions Circulation Pay a bill Vacation stop/restart Change of address Delivery complaints Advertising Display & Digital Advertising Place a Classified Ad Submit Announcements Aniversaries, Engagements and Weddings Pioneer Newspapers Bozeman Daily Chronicle Idaho Press Tribune Idaho State Journal Skagit Valley Herald Herald Journal Herald and News Standard Journal Daily Record Teton Valley News © Copyright 2016 Herald and News, PO Box 788 (zip 97601)2701 Foothills Blvd. Klamath Falls, OR | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
null
null
For a better experience on Victoria Advocate.com, enable JavaScript in your browser. Subscribe   Login Login Signup View Newsletters Customer Care Subscribe NEWS Local News Obituaries Police & Courts Business Region & State Counties SPORTS Latest Sports Schools Scores Stats Pick 'em VIEWS Latest Views Blogs Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Polls Everyday Heroes EXPLORE Projects Photos Photo Galleries Videos Reader Photos Elections Hurricanes FEATURES Latest Features Celebrations Education Entertainment Faith Food Health Home & Garden Magazines CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs Garage Sales Place an ad Marketplace 74° NEWS SPORTS OBITUARIES CLASSIFIEDS 74° STAY CONNECTED   Events Calendar SHARE THIS PAGE Share Tweet +1 It Pin It Reblog   Email   Print FOLLOW US ON   FACEBOOK   TWITTER PINTEREST INSTAGRAM Tumblr Advertise with us Building Report for Sept. 1-14 Sept. 18, 2016 at midnight BUILDING REPORT This is a listing of building permits issued by the city of Victoria from Sept. 1-14 for new commercial, commercial remodeling, new residential construction and manufactured homes. Commercial • Reynold Canchola, with Victoria Steel Erectors, permit for Mitch Wagner, 2914 S. Laurent St., $47,000. • John Wilkinson, JRJ Inc., permit for Wal-Mart, 9002 N. Navarro St., $12,500. • Dean Sahualla, with Rayburn Constructors, permit for Ben Streiff, with BPEC Enterprises, Sports Complex, 2764 Salem Road, $400,000. Residential • Cirilo Lambarria, with Ciro's Construction, permit for Rebecca Magallan, 308 E. Sabine St., $1,200. • Steve Klein Landmark Residential Construction, 241 Cobble Stone Court, $152,000. Manufactured Homes • Greg Goodner, with Goodner Specialties, permit for Michael Cuellar, 1708 N. Delmar Drive, $41,000. Building values listed in this graphic are based on averages used by the city to assess fees charged builders for construction permits. The estimated costs do not necessarily reflect actual sale values or values used to figure property taxes. The city requires permits to be issued when new or used mobile homes are moved to or within the city. RELATED Citizens Medical Center's CEO reflects on first year Building Report for Nov. 3-9 Obama says he'll smooth transfer of power Clinton: 'We owe him an open mind, chance to lead' Trump wins White House in astonishing victory -- See all related stories -- SHARE Comments Advertise with us Advertise with us Most Commented 14  Port Lavaca man auditioning for 'America's Got Talent' 08  Medical examiner: Methadone caused jailed teen's death 06  Woman asks that people pray for America, president 05  Jury acquits teen of assault 05  Former president, first lady visit DeWitt County Follow UsTweets from https://twitter.com/Vicadvocate/lists/victoria-advocate Crossroads Calhoun Dewitt Goliad Jackson Lavaca Refugio Wharton Victoria Our Site About Us Staff Advertise NIE Archives Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site FAQs Advocate Advantage Advocate Advantage Customer Care Digital Edition Connect Contact Us Facebook Twitter Google+ © Victoria Advocate Publishing Co., All Rights Reserved. 311 E. Constitution St. Victoria, Texas 77901 - Phone: 361-575-1451 Newsroom: 361-574-1222 - Customer Care: 361-574-1200 Powered By AdvocateDigitalMedia
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Life Obituaries Opinion Travel Insider Archives USA Today Media More Home News Sports Life Obituaries Opinion Travel Insider Archives USA Today Media Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Search Social Follow Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 2 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Ask Martha: Grow succulents, keep summer whites bright Try these vegan chocolate-ganache-frosted cupcakes Post to Facebook Ask Martha: Grow succulents, keep summer whites bright Try these vegan chocolate-ganache-frosted cupcakes  Check out this story on pal-item.com: http://pinews.co/2d9StOl {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Ask Martha: Grow succulents, keep summer whites bright Martha Stewart 1:02 a.m. EDT September 18, 2016 When rooting from individual leaves, be sure to choose plump, firm ones that show no signs of limpness. (Photo: Bryan Gardner) 2 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Q: How can I grow succulents? — Jillian Augello, Mahopac, New York A: Succulents, such as echeveria, aeonium and jade, are easy to root from pups (offshoots of a larger plant) or leaves. Line a seed tray with paper towels, then fill it with a moistened soil blend (equal parts perlite, sand and vermiculite). Cut off a pup with a sharp knife, and strip away the bottom leaves so one inch of stem is exposed. (Or simply remove individual leaves.) Let it sit a few days, until the cut end forms a callus. Then gently press it into the soil, water and continue to keep moist. Divide plants into individual pots when you notice new growth, in about four to six weeks — a sign that they have established roots. Q: How do I keep my white summer clothing white? — Dorothy Narciso, Fort Pierce, Florida A: First, get the items clean and bright before storing them: add 1⁄2 cup Borax or 1⁄4 cup white vinegar to the laundry, or use Arm & Hammer Super Washing Soda ($4.25, walmart.com). Or boil water with lemon halves in a large pot, then soak your linens until the water is cool. Proper storage is also key. Keep clothes in breathable cotton boxes, not cardboard; the acid in paper can cause items to yellow. TIP: Avoid storing whites in airtight plastic containers, which can trap moisture, making clothes musty. Q: Can I make vegan chocolate frosting that tastes as delicious as the real thing? — Genevieve Martinez, Madison, Wisconsin A: Swapping in coconut milk for cream in a standard chocolate-ganache recipe yields a rich dairy-free topping. Because of the high ratio of coconut milk to chocolate, the frosting will take longer to thicken, but the decadent taste and airy texture are well worth the wait. Pair the frosting with our vegan cupcake recipe, also included below. These vegan cupcakes not only look enticing, they taste delicious, too.  (Photo: Bryan Gardner) Vegan Chocolate-ganache Frosting To speed up the process, refrigerate the frosting for 45 minutes, stirring every 10 minutes, instead of allowing it to thicken at room temperature. Place 2 cups chopped semisweet chocolate (10 ounces) in a heatproof bowl. Bring 1 2⁄3 cups full-fat coconut milk (from one 13.5-ounce can) just to a boil; pour over chocolate. Let stand 2 minutes, then stir until smooth and glossy. Let cool, stirring occasionally, until thick, about 2 hours. Store in an airtight container at room temperature up to 2 days. Vegan Chocolate Cupcakes Active Time: 25 minutes Total Time: 1 hour 45 minutes Yield: Makes 12 cupcakes 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour 1/3 cup unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder 1 teaspoon baking soda 1/2 teaspoon coarse salt 1 cup granulated sugar 1/2 cup coconut oil, measured in liquid form 1 tablespoon instant espresso powder 1 cup unsweetened almond milk, room temperature 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract 2 tablespoons cider vinegar 1 recipe Vegan Frosting 1. Heat oven to 375 F. Line a 12-cup muffin tin with baking cups. In a large bowl, whisk together flour, cocoa, baking soda, salt and sugar. In a separate bowl, whisk together coconut oil, espresso powder, almond milk and vanilla. Whisk wet ingredients into dry ingredients, until combined. Quickly stir in the vinegar until incorporated. 2. Divide batter evenly between muffin cups (scant 1/3 cup per cupcake). Bake until tops spring back when lightly touched, about 18 minutes. Cool 5 minutes in pan, then transfer to wire rack to cool completely. Top cupcakes with vegan frosting (about 3 tablespoons per cupcake). Q: What’s the difference between a traditional and a quick pickle? — Ben Diamond, New York City A: A traditional pickle is made by lacto-fermentation and requires keeping the vegetables in a salt brine for a few days to months. A quick pickle is made by soaking the vegetables in a vinegar bath for as little as 30 minutes. THE SCIENCE BEHIND THE SOUR: Quick-pickling sterilizes the vegetables and prevents the spread of bacteria. Fermented pickling creates an environment in which “good” bacteria thrive. TIP: Make your scissors last longer by using them exclusively for either fabric or paper. To differentiate among multiple pairs, mark them with ribbon or pieces of washi tape. Questions should be addressed to Ask Martha, care of Letters Department, Martha Stewart Living, 601 W. 26th St., New York, NY 10001. Questions may also be sent by email to: askmartha@marthastewart.com. Please include your name, address and daytime telephone number. Questions of general interest will be answered in this column; Martha Stewart regrets that unpublished letters cannot be answered individually. For more information on the topics covered in the Ask Martha column, visit www.marthastewart.com. 2 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://pinews.co/2d9StOl More Stories Pet of the Week: Chablis Nov. 13, 2016, 4:23 p.m. Education Notebook: IU East honors nursing excellence Nov. 11, 2016, 4:59 p.m. Bazaar season underway Nov. 8, 2016, 2:59 p.m.
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Baldwin County Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Southern Miss Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Community Photos Submit your own photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Your Videos Submit your own videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus View our Instagram Photos See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Alabama Change Region comments Oh, to be Auburn in the time of Nick Saban gusmalzahnposttamu.jpg Auburn coach Guz Malzahn gets a hug from his wife, Kristi, after Auburn's 29-16 loss to Texas A&M on Sept. 17, 2016. (Julie Bennett) Print Email Joseph Goodman | jgoodman@al.com By Joseph Goodman | jgoodman@al.com AL.com Email the author | Follow on Twitter on September 17, 2016 at 11:08 PM, updated September 18, 2016 at 6:02 PM comments The enormous videoboard inside Auburn's Jordan-Hare Stadium is 190-feet long and 57-feet high. Apparently, according to Auburn, it's the largest TV in college football. That's what they like to say. Like most big toys, the videoboard might be overcompensating for something. Everyone who watches a football game in Auburn loves it, of course, and especially when they show pictures of Bo Jackson, or Cam Newton, or Alabama losing. Obviously, that last one hasn't happened much since the big TV went up before last season, but it happened on Saturday. Alabama was losing to Ole Miss by a great margin when the operators of Auburn's big TV decided to flip on the game inside the stadium. This was more than an hour before Auburn's kickoff, but already there were thousands of students and fans in their seats. Everyone cheered when Ole Miss scored a touchdown, and it was such a fun moment that one of Auburn's in-house reporters pulled out his camera inside the press box and snapped a picture. Remember that time Ole Miss led Alabama 24-10? Oh, the memories. To be Auburn in the time of Nick Saban is to appreciate the smaller joys of life. Or, put another way, it's a time to waste money on the bigger distractions. Auburn's 29-16 loss to Texas A&M on Saturday night at Jordan-Hare Stadium was Auburn's first SEC loss of the season, and there is absolutely no shame in losing to a decent SEC opponent. Texas A&M might be the third-, or fourth-, or fifth-best team in the SEC West. It's too early to know just how average they are. But Auburn, man. There's just no doubt about it after Saturday night. Not fun to watch. That big TV might need to be returned to Best Buy in Opelika, or maybe the 24-hour Wal-Mart Supercenter down on College Street. With this offense that Gus Malzahn has put together, anything that exists to show in-game highlights is worthless. Maybe Malzahn can pawn it, or trade it straight up with Louisville for quarterback Lamar Jackson's backup. Would Bobby Petrino let his backup quarterback transfer to Auburn for Auburn's 190-foot videoboard? This is the stuff you think about when you're a sportswriter during an Auburn offensive possession. Not Lamar, obviously, because he's worth way more than the $3.5 million Auburn paid for its big TV. Anyway, no amount of digital television pixels in the south end zone are going to make Auburn's current quarterbacks any better — even if they used it to break down film of their opponents for 10 hours a day after every practice. For much of the second half, Auburn's biggest offensive play was a pass interference penalty by Texas A&M's defense. Auburn rushed for four yards in the third quarter. "I really thought the third quarter was the key to the game," Malzahn said. "The offense just couldn't seize the moment." It was so frustrating to watch, and so thoroughly unproductive and pointless in its existence, that Malzahn threw his hands up in the air and put his junior college transfer quarterback into the game. Keep in mind, the kid had never completed a forward pass in Division I. But, hey, say what you want about John Franklin III, at least he was moving the ball late in the game. Not that it mattered. By that point, the game was unwinnable. "The thing about this offense, we'll improve," Malzahn said. That's a good perspective to have. Also, Auburn is 2-10 in its last 12 SEC games. Auburn has LSU at Jordan-Hare next week, and the Tigers need a conference win at home badly. Malzahn hasn't defeated an SEC opponent in Auburn since Oct. 25, 2014. That was before the big TV, of course. The Tigers, at the time ranked No.5 in the country, outgunned South Carolina 42-35. Gone are the days, right? Since that victory, it was five consecutive losses at home to conference teams before Texas A&M. Auburn's first loss of the streak was to the Aggies. This second home loss in a row to Texas A&M is now the sixth overall at home against SEC opponents. Most importantly, for reasons that should be obvious to everyone by now, Auburn hasn't won a home game against an SEC opponent since that big videoboard was erected. Maybe it's cursed. No, just really difficult to watch. "We got to have explosive plays," Malzahn said. "We've got to figure out how to have explosive plays." Joseph Goodman is a senior reporter and columnist for Alabama Media Group. He's on Twitter @JoeGoodmanJr. Hear what Gus Malzahn had to say following Auburn's loss to Texas A&M Regional Scoreboard College Football | MLB | NFL © 2013 STATS LLC. All rights reserved. Active Discussions Most Read About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
syracuse.com Menu Home News Weather Crime & Safety Syracuse University News Obituaries Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Living Photos Videos Real Estate Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Site Index Feedback Membership Follow Us Classifieds Back to Main Menu News Home Local News New York State U.S. & World Politics & Elections Business Auto News CNY Schools & Colleges Syracuse University News CNY Traffic Data & Statistics Health & Science Lottery Obits Back to Main Menu City of Syracuse North Suburbs & Oswego County East Suburbs & Madison County West Suburbs & Cayuga County Syracuse University News Back to Main Menu Politics & Elections Home Local & New York State Back to Main Menu Business Home Store Front Destiny USA News Destiny USA Shopping Company News Business Events CNY Gas Prices Back to Main Menu Schools & Colleges Home CNY Proms CNY Graduations Back to Main Menu Health Home Science & Technology Hydrofracking Environmental Onondaga Lake Cleanup Back to Main Menu Weather Home School & Event Closures Back to Main Menu Crime News Police Blotter Reported Crimes City of Syracuse North Suburbs & Oswego County East Suburbs & Madison County West Suburbs & Cayuga County Back to Main Menu Syracuse & CNY Obits Upstate NY Obits 2016 Celebrity Obits 2016 Sports Obits Back to Main Menu Sports Home Orange Basketball Orange Football Orange Lacrosse Orange Women Sports Orange Sports Buffalo Bills College Sports Minor League Sports Bud Poliquin Brent Axe High School Sports CNY Road Races CNY Outdoors Scoreboards Pro Sports CNY & Pro Golf Motorsports TV Schedule Back to Main Menu Syracuse Chiefs Syracuse Crunch Syracuse Silver Knights Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL NY Sports Back to Main Menu High School Home Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Girls Swimming Field Hockey Girls Tennis Girls Gymnastics Boys Golf Competitive Cheer Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Hockey Baseball Softball Wrestling Boys Swimming Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Tennis Girls Ice Hockey Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Golf Boys Gymnastics Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Girls Skiing Boys Skiing Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home CNY Restaurants Movies News CNY Events Calendar Destiny USA Events CNY Music Scene CNY Arts & Theater CNY Festivals CNY Tickets on Sale Television News New York State Fair Celebrity News Back to Main Menu CNY Restaurants Home Drinks & Bars Best Restaurants Destiny USA Restaurants Back to Main Menu Opinion Home Editorial Board Your Opinions Columnists InterFaith Works Opinions Back to Main Menu Editorial Board Opinions Editorial Board Standards Back to Main Menu Bud Poliquin Back to Main Menu Living Home Homes Food Restaurants Cooking Drinks & Bars CNY Vintage Empire Magazine Tourism & Travel CNY Pets CNY Proms CNY Graduations CNY Celebration Announcements Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Home & Real Estate News Homes for Sale Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Back to Main Menu Photos Home Photo Essays Buy Photo Reprints Your Photos Back to Main Menu Videos Home News Videos Orange Football Videos Orange Basketball Videos High School Sports Videos Living Videos Back to Main Menu Real Estate Home Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home & Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages & Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Jobs Real Estate For Rent Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search syracuse.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to syracuse.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Classifieds Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales comments Syracuse man, teen charged with robbing man in Cortland County Print Email Ken Sturtz | ksturtz@syracuse.com By Ken Sturtz | ksturtz@syracuse.com The Post-Standard Follow on Twitter on September 17, 2016 at 11:24 PM, updated September 17, 2016 at 11:41 PM comments   CORTLANDVILLE, N.Y. -- A Syracuse man and a teen are accused of attacking a Wal-Mart employee and robbing him of his cell phone, the Cortland County Sheriff's Office said. Dameian J. Marlow, 18, of 800 Onondaga Ave., Syracuse, and a 17-year-old boy were each charged with second-degree robbery, fourth-degree conspiracy, petit larceny, and second-degree harassment. The sheriff's office did not identify the 17-year-old and said its policy is not to name people charged with a crime if they are less than 18 years old. At 9:46 p.m. Thursday sheriff's deputies responded to the Wal-Mart store at 819 Bennie Road in the town of Cortlandville for a reported robbery. A 19-year-old man was walking to work at Wal-Mart when he was hit in the head and lost consciousness. He could feel someone trying to take his cell phone from his back pocket when he woke, the sheriff's office said. Two suspects took the phone and ran off. Deputies got a description of the suspects from the victim, the sheriff's office said. Marlow and the 17-year-old were found nearby soon after and arrested. They were arraigned in Cortlandville Town Court and each held at the Cortland County jail in lieu of $10,000 bail or $20,000 bond. Crime in Central NY Police Blotter Search for arrests by Syracuse and Central New York law enforcement agencies and New York State Police. Map: Onondaga County crimes Crime database: A look at stats More Crime & Safety news » More News Topics Traffic: Construction & road conditions Weather: Latest news & forecasts Syracuse & Central NY obituaries Active Discussions Most Read About Us Advertise with us Jobs at Syracuse Media Group Contact Us Photo and Page Reprints Newspaper Archives Frequently Asked Questions Subscriptions The Post-Standard ePost-Standard Email Newsletters syracuse.com Sections News Weather Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on syracuse.com Videos Photos Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Syracuse Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Syracuse Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
» · Trump · DonaldTrump · election · election2016 · Clinton · 2016 · Democrats · Elections · Racism · HillaryClinton · Republicans · Community · 2016Election · bannon · ElectoralCollege · 2018 · hillary · stevebannon · Politics · Media · Environment · BernieSanders · Sanders · Senate · 2020 · ClimateChange · Medicare · GOP · PaulRyan · DNC Sign up Log in 0 Messages New Blog Entry Drafts View/Edit My Profile Image Library My Groups My Stories My Activity Stream My Comments Subscribe to hide ads Show Ads Hide Ads Log out   Blog It! Help Join the mailing list News Front Page Elections Labor Comics Daily Kos Liberation League Radio   More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Community Recommended Most Shared Recent Stories Community Spotlight GROUPS Readers and Book Lovers Science Matters ClassWarfare Newsletter More... More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Action Sign the petition: End the Electoral College Donald Trump has won the presidency after narrowly carrying a few states to put him above 270 electoral votes.But according... Sign if you agree: Stop the Dakota Access oil pipeline During the Labor Day weekend, when many people are celebrating and preparing for the upcoming school-year, Dakota Access, a... Sign if you agree: Stephen Bannon's bigotry has no place in the White House Donald Trump has announced that Steve Bannon—former head of the online racist platform Breitbart—will be a senior adviser in... See All 10 Campaigns » Daily Kos Labor Queue Stream Members Following Profile Big money pours into Massachusetts to undercut public schools By Laura Clawson   Thursday Sep 15, 2016 · 11:35 AM PDT 2016/09/15 · 11:35 54 Comments Share this article 70 70 70 Add to Blog RSS Update Edit Administration Un-Rescue Rescue REBLOGGED BY TAGS CharterSchools Education Massachusetts Edit Tags Tag History × Tag History No history yet. Done Editing Tags 54 Comments Share this article 70 70 70 This Election Day, Massachusetts voters will be voting on whether to lift the state’s cap on the number of charter schools allowed to open. A recent poll showed 48 percent of voters opposed to lifting the cap and planning to vote no on question two, while 41 percent were in favor. Dozens of local school committees, along with the state Democratic party, have already voted to oppose the measure.  But despite this widespread opposition, there’s a very real chance the measure will pass, for one simple reason: money. Wealthy opponents of public education are pouring money into the state. Walmart heirs Jim and Alice Walton have given a combined $1.8 million. Hedge funders and bankers have given hundreds of thousands of dollars more. In fact, the pro-charter camp has put $11 million into this fight, much of it from out of state. By contrast, the major committee opposing the measure, Save Our Public Schools, has raised $6.8 million, most of it from unions representing Massachusetts teachers. As if to drive the point home what kind of a fight this is, the charter backers have hired the ad firm that did the 2004 Swift Boat Veterans for Truth ads. One notable Massachusetts donation supporting charter schools over public schools came from Paul Sagan, the Republican-appointed chair of the state Board of Elementary and Secondary Education, who gave $100,000. But he wants us to believe him when he says his thumb isn’t on the scale. All of this in a state with some of the best public schools in the country—schools that are increasingly struggling to handle the funding drain charters create. In one “historically well-funded” local school system: With almost $1.1 million last year following 90 secondary students – an average of 15 students per upper grade – to nearby charter schools, 37 staff positions were cut over the last three years to balance the budget. That's teachers, paraeducators, administrators, custodians. In recent years, computer instruction and physical education were cut from the middle school. High-school class sizes, historically in the low twenties, are now up to thirty students. Delayed building-maintenance runs into the hundreds of thousands. Several world languages have been eliminated, while, in the next town over, an immersion-language charter school is expanding.  That means all the students in the public schools are losing out because a relatively few students left. And that’s in a school district that wasn’t already struggling, as poorer districts are. Last spring, Boston students walked out of classes to protest the funding cuts their schools already face in large part due to the charter drain.  The big-money backers of Question 2 want to see that effect doubled or tripled in every town in the state. No wonder all those local school committees are opposed to this attack on their schools. 54 Comments Share this article 70 70 70 54 Comments Comment Settings Close Settings Auto refresh Collapse on load Show hidden Show until I hide Comments are closed on this story. ( f ) Recommend ( r ) Reply More hints... ( p ) Parent ( o ) Open/Close ( j ) Next Unread ( k ) Prev Unread ( J ) Next ( K ) Prev Back to Story Show Parent Thread Recommended list Most Shared © Kos Media, LLC Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Privacy Policy Daily Kos Front Page Elections Labor Radio Comics RSS About Masthead History Writers Terms Rules of the Road DMCA Copyright Notice Endorsements Privacy Merchandise Shirts Advertising Advertising Overview Stats for advertisers Contact Media Inquiries General Inquiries Jobs × Close Close Close Save changes

Read today's eNewspaper News Maryland Baltimore City Plank's $5.5 billion Port Covington plan advanced quietly, then loudly Final vote is expected for Port Covington The city is planning a final vote for approving the development of Port Covington for Under Armour's Kevin Plank. (Baltimore Sun video) The city is planning a final vote for approving the development of Port Covington for Under Armour's Kevin Plank. (Baltimore Sun video) Luke Broadwater and Natalie ShermanContact ReportersThe Baltimore Sun In buying Port Covington, developers hid ties to Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank. A large waterfront parcel in Port Covington sold for $2 million in 2012 to an investor who declined to identify himself. Then a second large property sold nearby. Then a third. Each time, the investor's identity was hidden behind hard-to-trace limited liability companies. Speculation abounded. Who was the mystery buyer? What was being planned in South Baltimore? Keisha Allen, head of the nearby Westport Neighborhood Association, fired off a letter to her city councilman that foreshadowed the fights to come. "'When it's time to sit down with this developer … you need to make sure we have a seat at the table,'" Allen recalled writing. "I knew it was going to be big. I just didn't know it was going to be that big." Kevin Plank Amy Davis / Baltimore Sun Kevin Plank, founder and CEO of Under Armour, surveys the new manufacturing and design leadership center at the Lighthouse, which opened for tours today. The Lighthouse mission is to promote innovation and local manufacturing for its products for athletes.  Kevin Plank, founder and CEO of Under Armour, surveys the new manufacturing and design leadership center at the Lighthouse, which opened for tours today. The Lighthouse mission is to promote innovation and local manufacturing for its products for athletes.  (Amy Davis / Baltimore Sun) Four years later, legal entities connected to Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank have spent more than $114 million to purchase more than 150 acres on a partially vacant peninsula jutting into the trash-filled Patapsco River's Middle Branch. Plank's Sagamore Development Co. has come out of the shadows and launched an unprecedented campaign, pushing for a $5.5 billion redevelopment, home of a new headquarters campus for the nation's No. 2 sports apparel company. Baltimore officials approve $100 million community benefits deal with Port Covington developers Luke Broadwater Baltimore's spending panel voted unanimously Wednesday to approve a $100 million community benefits deal signed by city officials and the developers of Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank's Port Covington project. Officials including Comptroller Joan M. Pratt and City Council President Bernard C. "Jack"... Baltimore's spending panel voted unanimously Wednesday to approve a $100 million community benefits deal signed by city officials and the developers of Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank's Port Covington project. Officials including Comptroller Joan M. Pratt and City Council President Bernard C. "Jack"... (Luke Broadwater) After the secretive start, plans for the development have advanced publicly and loudly. On Monday, the Baltimore City Council is poised to give final approval to $660 million in bonds that would pay for public infrastructure in Port Covington, where Sagamore plans restaurants, shops, housing and manufacturing space. The developer would have to repay the bonds through future taxes. The decision, like a preliminary vote last week, is expected to go heavily in Under Armour's favor. Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake has said she would sign legislation authorizing the bonds. Some observers marvel at how efficient Plank's team has been at winning over community members, religious groups and politicians since announcing the redevelopment in early 2016. Even other Baltimore businessmen — who sometimes fight over whether each other's projects would cannibalize the market — have enthusiastically endorsed Port Covington. "I can sum up my feelings in one word: It's a miracle," said real estate developer David S. Cordish, the man behind Maryland Live Casino. "It's a miracle for Baltimore City that Under Armour is here. It's a miracle that Kevin Plank is steering the ship. Port Covington is just the latest gift that we're garnering as citizens of this city from this miracle." While Plank has not personally attended City Council hearings on the issue — his staff said he's occupied running Under Armour, which brought in nearly $4 billion in revenue last year — his development team is acting on his wishes, said Tom Geddes, the CEO of Sagamore parent company Plank Industries. "He's given his input on planning and design. He's given direction for robust community benefits," Geddes said of Plank. "This is definitely his vision. The commitment to the city comes from him." Rapid growth The pace of Under Armour's growth has been rapid. Plank launched the company from his grandmother's basement in Washington, D.C., in 1996, before moving to Baltimore. After outgrowing a few smaller spots, Under Armour set up shop in the Tide Point complex in Locust Point, recalled developer Bill Struever, who previously owned the former detergent plant that serves as the brand's headquarters. "They had a little place in Camden-Carroll when they were just getting started," Struever said. "It wasn't too long ago they were just a few people." Even then, other cities were trying to lure Under Armour away, said M.J. "Jay" Brodie, who as longtime chief of the Baltimore Development Corp. tried to find a home for Plank's company. "They were clearly being wooed by other cities," Brodie said. "We thought it was very important they find a future home in Baltimore." In 2008, the company projected that it would outgrow its Tide Point headquarters in about five years. Company officials considered moves to other sites — including an industrial swath of the Middle Branch called West Covington and an expansion in Locust Point, near its current headquarters — but business and property owners fought those efforts. "They were trying to do acquisitions, but the process became stalled with politics and zoning," said Marc Weller, Sagamore Development's president, who previously worked in the Washington real estate market. "There was an unwillingness of certain tenants to sell at prices that were reasonable. Kevin called me out of the blue, and said, 'Marc, I'd really like to talk with you about the future of Under Armour.'" Eager to stay in Baltimore, Under Armour officials printed out aerial maps of the city to look for open space. "It became incredibly obvious Port Covington was ripe for development," Weller said. Said Geddes: "Kevin was really attracted to the idea there was no risk of displacing people from their homes." But to make the plan work, they needed to move quickly and quietly, the developers said. If sellers believed the properties were needed for an Under Armour campus, they likely would jack up the price, Weller said. "The use of names and addresses that didn't tie back to Kevin was all very intentional," Weller said. "We wanted to be successful in acquiring as much as possible as quickly as possible." Companies discreetly owned by Plank purchased his first Port Covington property at a foreclosure auction. A Plank-owned whiskey distillery is now under construction on that site. His second purchase, 101 W. Dickman St., reopened last year as the City Garage incubator and event space. The third, a roughly $35 million deal revealed in January 2014 that included a Walmart and a former Sam's Club building, made it clear that someone was assembling property in the area. Later that year, a Plank entity bought a 60-acre property there that includes the site of The Baltimore Sun's printing plant from the newspaper's former parent, Tribune Media, for $46.5 million, more than twice the $21 million it was valued for tax purposes. The Sun has a long-term lease for the property. As its plans moved forward, Sagamore continued to consolidate its hold on the area, negotiating rights of way and ground rents, and picking up many of the remaining parcels, including six rowhouses that sit in the shadow of Interstate 95 on West McComas Street. Some of those residents, like Joseph Meyers and his wife, Sandra, are now Plank tenants. They said they have confidence in their new landlord, pointing to freshly cut grass and flowers that now dress up the block. The transition occurred as Sandra Meyers was diagnosed with cancer, and the couple credits Sagamore with relocating them to a better property on the block and accommodating the strain on their finances. "We'd be on the street right now if it wasn't for them," said Joseph Meyers, 55. "When I see that stuff on TV about whether they'll take care of people — I know they will." Businessman Russell Johnson, the former president of Atlantic Forest Products, was involved in the sale of a parcel to Sagamore last year. He said Weller's approach was preferable to past efforts to develop the area. In 2008, when the city proposed to take properties in the area by eminent domain, some businesses lawyered up and blocked the attempt, Johnson said. "His whole approach was much different, much better," Johnson said of Weller. "I think that kind of changed the business owners in that area to 'Let's talk to these people.'" In an interview with The Sun last year, Plank said his interest in real estate was first piqued by a conversation with Orioles owner Peter Angelos. "I'm not going to have a great campus unless I have a great city that surrounds it," Plank said. "We're not saying Baltimore needs Under Armour but Under Armour can certainly help Baltimore. ... Individually I don't think this land is particularly valuable, but when you put them all together and you have the assemblage in one place and the ability to literally paint a vision, the land gets exponentially more valuable." He added: "When people drive through Baltimore [on I-95] I literally want them to drive through and go, 'There's Baltimore on the right. There's Under Armour on the left.'" 'Better communicators than the city' But Plank couldn't accomplish his vision without community and political support. Plank representatives spent hours meeting with business and community groups as well as political leaders across the city, courting their support. Some came around slowly, while others, such as the Downtown Partnership, quickly rallied, citing Under Armour's importance to the city. His team launched an advertising campaign to influence public opinion that analysts estimate has cost more than $1 million — including more than $500,000 in television and radio commercials, plus advertising in The Sun and a robust social media presence. When details of the plan started to trickle out, businesses in the area were on alert for signs that the development might cause problems the way residential growth in other industrial zones had, said Rusty Erdman, chair of the South Baltimore Business Alliance, a coalition of largely industrial firms. "There was polite dancing and posturing at the table to try to figure things out. Were we their enemy or were we their advocate? There was some head bumping at the beginning," he said. "We'd have loved to have seen it stay completely industrial, sure, but that's not a reality anymore. I think this is really a win-win for the city overall." Steven A. Siegel, executive vice president of Sagamore, said plans for the development have evolved as community members provided feedback. He said the developers went on a kayaking tour of the South Baltimore waterfront to better understand the area's trash and pollution problems and to brainstorm ways to clean it up. "We started with our neighbors and incorporated ideas," he said. After weeks of meetings with community associations near Port Covington, such as those for Cherry Hill and Westport, a $39 million community benefits agreement was reached with six neighborhoods near the project. But as the size of Sagamore's bond request sank in, a larger citywide fight over the public financing broke out. Community and labor activists led by the nonprofit BUILD questioned whether Plank planned to build yet another white, upper-class enclave using city money without helping the rest of the city. Even as activists publicly voiced skepticism and opposition to the project, they joined city officials in negotiating with Sagamore and, this month, a $100 million citywide benefits agreement was announced. The deal includes $25 million to train workers at a new Port Covington training center and $10 million in no-interest loans or other funding streams for minority- and women-owned startups. Allen, of Westport, said the six South Baltimore neighborhoods were determined to strike a deal with Plank that benefited the community. She said poor and middle-class people were left out of previous development deals, like the one the city struck with the developer of Harbor Point. She praised Sagamore, saying they had been "better communicators than the city." "Some residents and some elected officials have pretty much deemed us redheaded stepchildren of the city. We don't get resources trickling down here," Allen said. Now, "people no longer take us as a joke." The developers have agreed to hire at least 30 percent of all infrastructure construction workers from Baltimore, pay at least $17.48 an hour, and set aside 20 percent of housing units for poor and middle-class families, though 40 percent of that housing may be built elsewhere in the city. Critics call the affordable housing agreement weak. It requires 10 percent of Port Covington's affordable units to be built for people who make less than $26,000, and contains what critics call a "loophole" that allows the developer to pay money into a fund instead of building the units. And they argue that a subsidized development should pay "prevailing wages" — several dollars higher than proposed — on all construction jobs, and living wages thereafter. Charly Carter, director of Maryland Working Families, a progressive political organization protesting the tax deal, said the community benefits agreement isn't as good as it sounds. "When you unpack the numbers in this $100 million proposal, it's just not there," she said. "They have the ability to buy their way out of affordable housing very cheaply. There are no guarantees about permanent jobs. ... If we are investing our money, we should invest in good-paying jobs." Geddes said the development team has tried to be as inclusive as possible. "There's no way to make everybody happy," he said. "There are economic realities. The line we have to walk is between maximum inclusivity on the one hand and economic viability on the other." Baltimore officials, including Rawlings-Blake, are happy. She said the city has engaged in efforts to keep Under Armour in Baltimore for years. And she's impressed with the way communities near Port Covington have advocated for themselves. "I'm pleased the plans are moving at a good pace from dreams to reality," Rawlings-Blake said. "The city is making significant investments to make this project happen. At the end of the day, we all benefit." lbroadwater@baltsun.com nsherman@baltsun.com twitter.com/lukebroadwater twitter.com/shermannatalie Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016, The Baltimore Sun, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad Kevin Plank Real Estate Housing Market Under Armour Port Covington Tide Point Waterfront Park M.J. Brodie Baltimore City police officer charged with exchanging sexually explicit texts with a 15-year-old boy Two killed in separate shootings in Baltimore on Thursday Baltimore Police officer found guilty in shooting to be sentenced Friday Breaking Sports Maryland Opinion Business Jobs Obits Advertising 48°
null
NFL CLOSE NFL NCAA FBTop 25 AAC ACC Big 12 Big Ten Conference USA Independents Mid-American Mountain West Pac-12 SEC Sun Belt Big Sky Big South CAA Ind-FCS Ivy MEAC Missouri Valley Northeast Ohio Valley Patriot League Pioneer Southern Southland SWAC NBA NCAA BKTop 25 AAC ACC American East Atlantic 10 Atlantic Sun Big 12 Big East Big Sky Big South Big Ten Big West CAA Conference USA Horizon Ivy MAAC MAC MEAC Missouri Valley Mountain West Northeast Ohio Valley Pac-12 Patriot League SEC Southern Southland Summit League Sun Belt SWAC WAC West Coast NHL NASCARSprint Cup GolfPGA SoccerFeatured SoccerEPL TennisMen's NFL Scores ☰ FOXSPORTS HOME SPORTS NFL MLB NASCAR NCAA FB Soccer UFC NBA NHL NCAA BK Golf Motor Racing Tennis WWE Olympics Boxing Horse Racing Other Sports WATCH FANTASY MORE Search SEARCH Search VIEW FULL LIST » Sign In Account Info Favorites Sign Out MLB MENU Home Top Headlines Home Scores Schedule Playoffs Standings Stats Teams BACK AL East Baltimore Boston NY Yankees Tampa Bay Toronto AL Central Chi White Sox Cleveland Detroit Kansas City Minnesota AL West Houston LA Angels Oakland Seattle Texas NL East Atlanta Miami NY Mets Philadelphia Washington NL Central Chi Cubs Cincinnati Milwaukee Pittsburgh St. Louis NL West Arizona Colorado LA Dodgers San Diego San Francisco Players Video BACK All Videos Road to the World Series Galleries Gear Fantasy Baseball Odds Injuries Transactions Player News All-Star Game World Series News MORE BACK ? FOXSPORTS Red Sox miffed over Padres justice By Rick McNair/FanSided via BoSox Injection Sep 17, 2016 at 12:00p ET 0 Shares The Boston Red Sox apparently have some issues regarding the way justice is dispensed by MLB. A slap on the wrist for the San Diego Padres. The Boston Red Sox have a bone to pick with Major League Baseball and the San Diego Padres organization. Red Sox chairman Tom Werner recently spoke out regarding the Drew Pomeranz trade in which the Padres were less than forthcoming in the exchange of medical records. “We were extremely disappointed in the decision,” said Werner. “We felt that some wrong was committed and that it’s important to have a level playing field. The Padres didn’t play on it.” – Tom Werner Baseball has a unique justice system that is not unusual in sports since justice is dispensed by the commissioner for various infractions. With player discipline, the CBA (Collective Bargaining Agreement) provides a framework for doling out suspensions – most notably for violations of drug policy. More from BoSox Injection 9/17 - Mea culpa time for a Red Sox fan 9/17 - Red Sox Clay Buchholz Is Playing Like A Champion 9/16 - Boston Red Sox: Hanley Ramirez sheds bust label with home run binge 9/16 - Red Sox: Former GM Ben Cherington accepts position with Toronto Blue Jays 9/16 - Red Sox: Han-Ram Is Officially Back In Walk-Off Style Major League Baseball contains individual competitors with each franchise that is also part of the larger structure that is MLB itself. MLB is an economic enterprise with mutual interests. The most visible display in the application of television, cable and radio contracts that are done both on an individual team basis and as a collective. Baseball is also exempt from the pesky and intrusive (to them) anti-trust laws – the only professional sport so designated. The roots of that can be traced back almost a hundred years to 1922 and the United States Supreme Court has upheld that decision several times. Recently the Padres felt the hammer of justice over their own questionable practices regarding the dispensing of medical information. Each player has entered into their medical biography the most mundane of applications. An aspirin is even noted, as is a visit to the whirlpool. When a player is traded this goes with him for examination of the receiving team’s medical staff. Trades often have an attachment that states “Pending a physical examination.” The examination also contains a review of medical records to ensure that damaged goods are not being traded. The process is supposed to be open and the reasoning is obvious. This is not the closeout shelf at Wal-Mart, but meat on the hoof that can represent seven, eight and even nine figures in money being exchanged. What happens when you cheat? Apparently very little. That hammer was made of Jello. More from BoSox Injection Red Sox Clay Buchholz Is Playing Like A Champion3h ago Red Sox: Han-Ram Is Officially Back In Walk-Off Style1 d ago Red Sox have had two “Killer B’s” neutralized2d ago Red Sox Welcome Back Wade Miley With Their Bats4d ago Red Sox David Ortiz Does It Again To Jays, One Shy Of Mantle5d ago The Padres and Red Sox are the focus of this since this is a Red Sox site, but the Padres certainly established a behavior pattern with the dispensing of vital medical information. Or I should say “lack of” dispensing information. This is not the organization’s first and only lack of transparency in being honest with their associates in major league baseball. The Padres were cooking the books. The team had two sets of records – external and internal. The external was the one submitted to MLB and other teams and the internal was for their use only. Try doing that with the Internal Revenue Service. The Padres were guilty and have admitted it. No question. Done. The “justice” dispensed was at the level of a parking ticket, as Padres general Manager A.J. Preller copped a thirty-day suspension without pay. I will state unequivocally that Peller will not have a plastic cup and be propped up in front of PetCo Park begging for spare change. Padres manager, Andy Green, in a shocking development jumped into the fray and defended his GM and the organization. I am sure that in Green’s convoluted thought process or lack of this makes reasonable sense – at least to Green. I also imagine Green believes the moon is made of green cheese and unicorns and quite real. “Malicious intent to deceive anyone in the process” – Andy Green – Padres Manager The Red Sox are certainly not novices and innocents in the manipulation of the rules. The organization was held accountable to a high standard for their recent skullduggery in attempting to circumvent international signing rules. The price was exorbitant in certain quarters, but I found it rather reasonable. However, the Padres apparently are held to a different standard. So what type of pound of flesh should be extracted from the Padres? Next: Mea culpa time for a Red Sox fan None – since the decision has been rendered and as unpalatable as it is the Red Sox have to abide. Werner and the rest of the organization can toss a temper tantrum and it will not change the decision. I would certainly say this gives free reign to other executives in baseball to be as shady as possible so when they are eventually nabbed can say: “Just treat me like A.J. Preller.” , The Boston Red Sox apparently have some issues regarding the way justice is dispensed by MLB. A slap on the wrist for the San Diego Padres. The Boston Red Sox have a bone to pick with Major League Baseball and the San Diego Padres organization. Red Sox chairman Tom Werner recently spoke out regarding the Drew Pomeranz trade in which the Padres were less than forthcoming in the exchange of medical records. “We were extremely disappointed in the decision,” said Werner. “We felt that some wrong was committed and that it’s important to have a level playing field. The Padres didn’t play on it.” – Tom Werner Baseball has a unique justice system that is not unusual in sports since justice is dispensed by the commissioner for various infractions. With player discipline, the CBA (Collective Bargaining Agreement) provides a framework for doling out suspensions – most notably for violations of drug policy. More from BoSox Injection 9/17 - Mea culpa time for a Red Sox fan 9/17 - Red Sox Clay Buchholz Is Playing Like A Champion 9/16 - Boston Red Sox: Hanley Ramirez sheds bust label with home run binge 9/16 - Red Sox: Former GM Ben Cherington accepts position with Toronto Blue Jays 9/16 - Red Sox: Han-Ram Is Officially Back In Walk-Off Style Major League Baseball contains individual competitors with each franchise that is also part of the larger structure that is MLB itself. MLB is an economic enterprise with mutual interests. The most visible display in the application of television, cable and radio contracts that are done both on an individual team basis and as a collective. Baseball is also exempt from the pesky and intrusive (to them) anti-trust laws – the only professional sport so designated. The roots of that can be traced back almost a hundred years to 1922 and the United States Supreme Court has upheld that decision several times. Recently the Padres felt the hammer of justice over their own questionable practices regarding the dispensing of medical information. Each player has entered into their medical biography the most mundane of applications. An aspirin is even noted, as is a visit to the whirlpool. When a player is traded this goes with him for examination of the receiving team’s medical staff. Trades often have an attachment that states “Pending a physical examination.” The examination also contains a review of medical records to ensure that damaged goods are not being traded. The process is supposed to be open and the reasoning is obvious. This is not the closeout shelf at Wal-Mart, but meat on the hoof that can represent seven, eight and even nine figures in money being exchanged. What happens when you cheat? Apparently very little. That hammer was made of Jello. More from BoSox Injection Red Sox Clay Buchholz Is Playing Like A Champion3h ago Red Sox: Han-Ram Is Officially Back In Walk-Off Style1 d ago Red Sox have had two “Killer B’s” neutralized2d ago Red Sox Welcome Back Wade Miley With Their Bats4d ago Red Sox David Ortiz Does It Again To Jays, One Shy Of Mantle5d ago The Padres and Red Sox are the focus of this since this is a Red Sox site, but the Padres certainly established a behavior pattern with the dispensing of vital medical information. Or I should say “lack of” dispensing information. This is not the organization’s first and only lack of transparency in being honest with their associates in major league baseball. The Padres were cooking the books. The team had two sets of records – external and internal. The external was the one submitted to MLB and other teams and the internal was for their use only. Try doing that with the Internal Revenue Service. The Padres were guilty and have admitted it. No question. Done. The “justice” dispensed was at the level of a parking ticket, as Padres general Manager A.J. Preller copped a thirty-day suspension without pay. I will state unequivocally that Peller will not have a plastic cup and be propped up in front of PetCo Park begging for spare change. Padres manager, Andy Green, in a shocking development jumped into the fray and defended his GM and the organization. I am sure that in Green’s convoluted thought process or lack of this makes reasonable sense – at least to Green. I also imagine Green believes the moon is made of green cheese and unicorns and quite real. “Malicious intent to deceive anyone in the process” – Andy Green – Padres Manager The Red Sox are certainly not novices and innocents in the manipulation of the rules. The organization was held accountable to a high standard for their recent skullduggery in attempting to circumvent international signing rules. The price was exorbitant in certain quarters, but I found it rather reasonable. However, the Padres apparently are held to a different standard. So what type of pound of flesh should be extracted from the Padres? Next: Mea culpa time for a Red Sox fan None – since the decision has been rendered and as unpalatable as it is the Red Sox have to abide. Werner and the rest of the organization can toss a temper tantrum and it will not change the decision. I would certainly say this gives free reign to other executives in baseball to be as shady as possible so when they are eventually nabbed can say: “Just treat me like A.J. Preller.” This article originally appeared on 0 Shares National League Western Division American League Eastern Division American League National League MLB Boston Red Sox San Diego Padres Play Hardball Dynasty Baseball Game View Comments Hide Comments Get The Fastest MLB Scores, News and Alerts Text yourself the FOX Sports App - - Thanks! Now download, set your alerts, and share exciting moments first Haven't received the text? Resend Phone numbers will not be kept, stored, or used for anything other than delivering the download link. Please review our Privacy Policy for full details. Red Sox miffed over Padres justice UP NEXT : Red Sox miffed over Padres justice UP NEXT : FOXSports.com > Contact Us | Press | Jobs | RSS | Site Map | Shop Follow FOX Sports > Facebook | Twitter | Instagram | YouTube | Tumblr Other FOX Sites > FS1 | FOX | FOX News | 21st Century Fox | FOX Supports | FOX Deportes Statistical Information provided by: STATS ©2016 Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these New Terms of Use and New Privacy Policy. Advertising Choices | EULA
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Retail Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Retail Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Retail Login Subscribe Business Retail PCC’s challenge to keep its brand relevant, yet retain its core values Originally published September 17, 2016 at 8:00 am Updated September 17, 2016 at 3:03 pm The 11-store natural foods co-op is trying to reach newcomers who may not know much, if anything, about the 63-year-old co-op, and retain its loyal members at the same time. Share story By Janet I. Tu Seattle Times business reporter On a recent weekday evening, Rebecca Harrell tasted some roasted tomato pasta salad at PCC Natural Markets’ new Bothell location and surveyed the expanse of produce, the prominent prepared-foods bars and the checkout counters off to the side. Compared to the co-op’s Kirkland location, she said, “This one is a lot more airy, open — it’s easier to find things.” Harrell, 24, moved to the Puget Sound area about two years ago from Cheney, Spokane County, and hadn’t even heard of the co-op before that. But these days, she’s been impressed enough that she stops in regularly at the Bothell store for a snack before her workout at a nearby gym. PCC Natural Markets History: Founded in 1953 as a food-buying club for 15 families in Seattle; became Puget Consumers Co-op (PCC) in 1961 Members: 56,000 households in 2015 Annual sales: $252 million in 2015 Membership: $60 for lifetime membership Membership benefits: Includes 10 percent off one shopping trip each month, and 5 percent off on the 15th and 16th of each month. (Membership is not needed to purchase items at PCC.) Source: PCC Natural Markets “I like the variety of healthy options,” she says, of both the prepared foods and pantry staples. Most Read Stories Trump supporter in state Senate says some protests are ‘economic terrorism,’ should be felonies Flesh-eating bacteria traced to tilapia bought from Bellevue market Earl Thomas, Rob Gronkowski have cool Twitter exchange about hard hit in Sunday's game Should California, Oregon and Washington join Canada? #Calexit talk envelops West Coast Cheap Eats: Some of Seattle’s greatest food isn’t found at the priciest places | PNW Magazine  WATCHUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Harrell represents a group the 11-store natural foods co-op is trying to reach in these days of explosive population growth in the area: newcomers who may not know much, if anything, about the 63-year-old co-op. And the Bothell store, which opened in July, represents the direction the co-op is heading at a time when grocery-store competition is also growing more intense. Sales of natural and organic foods nationwide are rising faster than for conventional food, drawing more players into a field once solely the province of grocers such as PCC. Smaller-format stores that emphasize natural foods, including 365 by Whole Foods Market and New Seasons Market, are making their way into the Seattle area. Meanwhile, conventional stores such as Fred Meyer and Wal-Mart, as well as warehouse giants including Costco and Sam’s Club, are carrying more organic products. “This puts pressure on chains like PCC to continue its level of differentiation,” said Neil Stern, retail analyst at McMillanDoolittle, a retail-consulting firm. PCC, the nation’s largest natural-foods retail co-op, “certainly has tremendous credibility,” said Stern. “It was local before local was big.” What’s more, he said, “The co-op model creates a deep bond … with the consumer that is difficult for other chains to replicate. “The challenge,” Stern added, “will be to keep the brand relevant for the next generation of consumers who may not be as familiar with their heritage.” PCC is aware of the challenges, said Cate Hardy, PCC’s CEO, in a recent interview at the co-op’s headquarters in Belltown, where it had recently moved after years in the University District. Hardy took the helm at PCC early last year after nine years at Starbucks, where she had been vice president of operations. Under Hardy’s leadership, staff say, the co-op has been willing to experiment more — and to be more consistent about trying to replicate the successful experiments in other stores. For instance, the Columbia City store, which opened last year, tried two new prepared-foods concepts: a taqueria and a noodle-bowl bar. After six months, it became clear the taqueria was a hit and noodle bowls were not. So the store stopped selling noodle bowls, while PCC explored replicating the taquerias. The Bothell store opened with a taqueria, and the Issaquah store will have one when it is remodeled. The Bothell store is also the site of other experiments: moving cash registers toward the perimeter of the store so they’re not the first thing people see when they walk in. Rather, fresh produce is — more like “walking into the farmers market,” Hardy said. Its kitchen has been opened up so people can see staff working on preparing food from scratch — highlighting the store’s culinary roots, and acknowledging how important prepared foods have become to grocery-store sales these days. “Honestly, I don’t think we get enough credit for how much care and craft goes into our prepared foods,” Hardy said. “You can walk into any grocery store and walk out with a tub of something. But we’re distinctive in culinary.” There’s a rotisserie there too — something PCC used to have but had gotten away from. “We’re iterating,” Hardy said. “Every store we open is getting closer to where we’re going next.” PCC also recently partnered with delivery services Instacart and Amazon Prime Now, with customers able to select items online and have them delivered within two hours. It’s still less than 5 percent of PCC’s business but it’s growing, Hardy said, and an important part of reaching new customers. The co-op is also experimenting on a project with Instacart, in which customers reading a PCC recipe online for skillet lasagna can click on a button to put all the ingredients for the recipe into their Instacart basket. Those kinds of changes and experiments are needed, since “organic is no longer a niche market,” said Tom Murphy, global retail and consumer packaged-goods lead for North Highland, a consulting firm. Food co-ops are no longer competing just with other grocers but also with restaurants and delivery services from restaurants for “stomach space,” Murphy said. The PCC markets, which “have the products but don’t have the scale and supply chain to do the last-mile delivery,” are smart to partner with the delivery services, he believes. “I don’t know if they’ll start to rent space on drones but who knows.” But even as PCC makes these changes, Hardy says its core values and practices remain the same: a focus on high-quality foods, high standards for sourcing, transparent labeling and concern for workers. PCC’s employees, of which there are some 1,500 now in several cities across the region, all make at least the Seattle minimum wage and receive benefits at 28 hours a week. Store staff are unionized. PCC also labels much of its products with information such as “organic” “non-GMO” (genetically modified), “local” and “gluten free.” As a co-op, it’s not beholden to shareholders or funders but to members and the local community, Hardy said. Each PCC location gives, on average, $90,000 a year back to the community. “What we’ve always done is becoming much more mainstream,” she said. “More and more people are becoming more aware of, and concerned about, where food is grown and the treatment of workers. That niche group is becoming more mainstream.” The challenge, though, she said, is how to get that message of what PCC does out to newcomers. “Maybe we’ve had a little bit of Northwest humility around us and assumed the people who care about what we do will find us,” Hardy said. “I think it’s OK to talk to people about who we are and what we do.” Toward that end, the co-op recently hired a vice president of marketing and retained Wexley School for Girls, a branding and ad agency, to “figure out how we can tell our story in a way that is true and authentic,” Hardy said. That challenge is hardly unique to PCC. For years, natural-food co-ops, most of which opened in the 1970s, enjoyed sustained double-digit growth, said C.E. Pugh, chief operating officer of National Co+op Grocers, which serves 150 co-ops nationwide. But now that’s flatlined at about 5 percent growth a year, Pugh said. The turning point was around the early part of this decade, when sales of natural and organic foods began to exceed 10 percent of all retail food sales. That tipping point was when “conventional grocers got serious,” Pugh said. “Once it exceeded that 10 percent threshold, conventional industries said: ‘This is not a fad. This is here to stay. We’d better get committed.’” Now, conventional stores’ share of natural and organic retail sales is at 43 percent, beating the 40 percent market share held by pure-play natural-foods retailers. To jump-start their growth rates again, co-ops simply must “tell our stories better,” Pugh believes. “There’s increasing interest in local, in knowing where food comes from, in transparency. Co-ops excel at that. “For years, we didn’t have to think about ‘how did we grow.’ We had to think about ‘how do we keep up with the growth,’” Pugh said. “We didn’t develop the muscles to tell our stories.” These days, about a third of National Co+op Grocers’ members are seeing strong growth of 10 percent a year or greater, a third have growth in the single digits, and a third are seeing declining sales. PCC is doing well, with annual growth ranging from the high-single to mid-double digits over the past five years. Last year, the company logged $252 million in sales, up 9.6 percent from the year before, with net income of $5.5 million. The co-op says it’s seeing sales growth in the high-single digits for stores open at least a year, and its average sales per square foot is $1,380. Whole Foods, in comparison, logged sales per square foot of $935 in its most recent quarter. Kroger doesn’t disclose its sales per square foot but one research report put it at $672. PCC’s sales figure per square foot is “damn good,” said David Livingston of DJL Research, which provides analysis for supermarkets. “This puts them in probably the top 1 percent of grocers in the USA.” What’s allowed PCC to succeed at a time when other natural-foods retailers are seeing sales slowdowns, said Pugh, of National Co+op Grocers, is that it’s well managed. It’s also benefited over the years from Seattle being “one of the more competitive natural and organic markets in the country,” he said. “So they faced earlier and more sustained competition. It probably influenced their approach to the business.” PCC has also grown earlier and more aggressively than most other co-ops, Pugh said. There’s a 12th PCC location, planned for Madison Valley, and Hardy declined to talk about any future stores that might be in the works. But she did say this: “We are noticing the growth of the city and we want to participate in that … I think there’s more demand for PCC than there are PCCs right now.” Janet I. Tu: 206-464-2272 or jtu@seattletimes.com. On Twitter @janettu. Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2016 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Kroger Is Still Ahead Of The Game, Despite Its 25% Tumble Javier Hasse , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} September 17, 2016 10:06am   Comments Share: Related KR Watch These 7 Huge Call Purchases In Friday Trade Wall Street's M&A Chatter From November 16 Kroger: A Lesson In Investor Psychology (Seeking Alpha) Last Wednesday, Argus hosted a Retail Conference Call. Among other stocks, Senior Retail Analyst Chris Graja shared a look at Kroger Co (NYSE: KR). Grocery Retail The analyst noted that, while Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) has been competing with Kroger in the grocery retail space for quite some time, Target Corporation's (NYSE: TGT) dissatisfaction with its food retail returns have led it to prepare a bigger push in the arena – although this hasn't been confirmed by the company. The Innovation Issue "When you look at the one differentiating factor with Kroger, it's a technology and an innovation thing,” Graja continued. "For many years, they were way in front of just about every retailer in using big data to analyze customer shopping preferences and to offer very targeted coupons. That drives sales, and the thing that it does especially well, is that they can offer you personalized coupons on what you want to buy without going out and advertising in the big circular what the sales are and sparking a price war." The Edge The analyst then went into the various elements that provide Kroger with an edge over other retailers. It’s all about service: a faster check out than big box retailers, lower prices and a more pleasant shopping environment. The other big differentiating issue is Kroger’s “very smart attention to capital,” the expert continued. “What they found is that they can dense up in markets and, by increasing their market share in markets, they're able to leverage their transportation and their marketing expense in those markets. It boosts their return on assets and it boosts the overall return on capital in the company. They're beginning to aggressively deploy capital to do this and to exploit some of those opportunities.” So, What’s Wrong? Despite all of the praises above, shares of Kroger have lost more than 25 percent year-to-date. "The transient issue I think is deflation,” Graja concluded. “That's what's weighing on the stock - deflation and the effect on the top-line. But I think that's largely transient.” Image: Nicholas Eckhart, Flickr Latest Ratings for KR Date Firm Action From To Sep 2016 Jefferies Maintains Hold Sep 2016 Barclays Initiates Coverage on Equal-Weight Sep 2016 Citigroup Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for KR View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Argus Chris GrajaAnalyst Color Long Ideas Analyst Ratings Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (KR + TGT) McDonald's, Target, PayPal: Fast Money Picks For November 18 Watch These 7 Huge Call Purchases In Friday Trade Here's Every Rating And Price Target On Target After Q3 Earnings Who Reigns Supreme In Big Box Same-Store Sales? Wall Street's M&A Chatter From November 16 Brick-And-Mortar Retailers With The Strongest Online Sales Growth View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on KR Trending Recent 1 CBDS, THCBF: 5 Best Marijuana Stocks Of 2016 2 DRYS, GLBS: 3 Legitimate Catalysts Driving The Illegitimate Rally In Sh... 3 TSO, PLNT: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 4 DRYS, ESEA: What Is The Baltic Dry Shipping Index An... 5 MBLY, TSLA: Mobileye Could Collapse By Nex... 6 GLBS, EGLE: DryShips Announces O... 7 DSX, TOPS: Dry Bulk Sh... 1 SAP, CRM: Salesforce's Inflection Point: Could It Become The Business Standard? 2 GPS: Headwinds For Gap Outnumber Tailwinds; Citi Downgrades To Sell 3 MTCH, CSCO: Benzinga's Top Initiations 4 SPY, XLF: Pro: Markets Should Take A Step Back 5 USO: Technical Alert: Crude Oil Futures Slightly Higher 6 SPY, INDU: Technical Alert: S&P 500 Index Futu... 7 SAVE, ALK: Citi's Neutral-To-Bullish... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Brella Is Changing The Way People Network At Live Events How Humility Can Make You Rich
Skip to main content Toggle navigation The online magazine of the Institute for Southern Studies Facebook Twitter Subscribe Donate Human Rights Economy Demographics Environment Politics Facebook Twitter Subscribe Donate Human Rights Nationwide prison strike draws attention to unpaid labor By Rebekah BarberSeptember 16, 2016 Share on Twitter Submit to Reddit Share on Facebook More Linkedin Share on Google+ Share via Email prison_strike_graphic_iwoc.jpg Graphic from the IWW's Incarcerated Workers Organizing Committee blog. On Sept. 9, exactly 45 years to the day after the uprising at the Attica Correctional Facility in New York, prisoners across the United States went on strike. The full scope of the protests is unclear, in part because of the lack of media coverage. But what is evident is that prisoners in as many as 24 states including Alabama, South Carolina and Texas took part in simultaneous nonviolent protests to demand basic human rights. Some inmates were striking to demand clean water, others to protest the excessive use of solitary confinement. Many were protesting having to work for little or no pay. Across the United States, nearly 900,000 inmates work in prisons. Many are paid only a few cents an hour. The states that choose to not pay incarcerated people at all are all in the South: Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia and Texas. Meanwhile, companies profit from that unpaid labor. Little Sis, a government watchdog group, reported earlier this year that while most Texas inmates work without pay, Texas Correctional Industries, a for-profit corporation operated by the Texas Department of Criminal Justice, generated nearly $89 million in profits in fiscal year 2014. Among the companies that benefit from prison labor are McDonalds, Wal-Mart and Whole Foods. Prisoners at Holman Correctional Facility in southern Alabama's Escambia County, collectively known as the Free Alabama Movement, were among the first to call for collective action against unjust labor conditions. According to reports from inside the prison, all of the inmates "refused to report to their prison jobs without incident. With the rising of the sun came an eerie silence as the men at Holman laid on their racks reading or sleeping. Officers are performing all tasks." Another group that helped to organize the strike was the Incarcerated Workers Organizing Committee (IWOC) of the radical Industrial Workers of the World labor union. Prior to the strike, IWOC posted a list of demands from prisoners in South Carolina. Besides calling for an end to unpaid labor, the group also called for the South Carolina Department of Corrections to "stop removing mental health patients from treatment programs back to the general population units for disciplinary infractions" and called for South Carolina parole board decisions to be "grounded in scientific analysis rather than emotions." On the day of the strike, the Perry Correctional Institution in South Carolina's Anderson County was placed on lockdown after at least 10 inmates refused to return to their cells during the strike. According to the IWOC, the inmates faced repercussions because of their actions, with some transferred to other facilities. Inmates at Perry manufacture goods for schools and government agencies and also provide labor for the state, county and local municipalities. All of the prisoners who engaged in the strike were putting themselves at risk. Melvin Ray of the Free Alabama movement remains in solitary confinement after helping to organize a similar strike in 2014. But prisoners like Malik Washington, a spokesperson for the End Prison Slavery in Texas movement, decided to move forward with the strike because they had reached their breaking point. "Prisoners in Amerikan prisons are sick and tired of being degraded, dehumanized, and exploited," Washington wrote in a letter to The Nation reporter John Washington. Tags prison labor organizing strikes prisoners' rights movement Alabama Arkansas Georgia south carolina texas free alabama movement little sis texas correctional industries texas department of criminal justice mcdonalds Wal-mart whole foods incarcerated workers organizing committee industrial workers of the world unions south carolina department of corrections melvin ray malik washington Rebekah Barber @bekah_soul Rebekah is a researcher and writer at Facing South/Institute for Southern Studies focusing on racial justice, democracy and Southern history. As a student activist she has organized around issues including voting rights, the Fight for $15 and Medicaid expansion. She is pursuing bachelor's degrees in English and history at N.C. Central University in Durham, North Carolina. Email Rebekah View the discussion thread. Related Articles INSTITUTE INDEX: A strike at the heart of the prison-industrial complex August 17, 2016 In effort to end prison rape, questions about a monitor's independence August 30, 2013 Creating a culture of unionism in the South August 20, 2013 UAW vs. Nissan in Mississippi: Operation Dixie revised? August 13, 2012 Culture Demographics Economy Education Environment History Human Rights Politics Subscribe Sign up for our free newsletter for the latest news, trends & analysis. Subscribe Support the Institute for Southern Studies Support independent media and a voice for change in the South! Donate Now Connect with us Twitter Facebook About Facing South Contact Us Institute for Southern Studies Support Our Work The Institute for Southern Studies PO Box 531 Durham, NC 27702 (919) 419-8311 © Copyright 2016 by the Institute for Southern Studies. All Rights Reserved. Web design by Alloy Digital Agency
null
Whoa there! Looks like you're already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* resendLink *} Please resend verification. Thanks for verifying your email address You're now logged in. LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS Are you already a home delivery subscriber for Statesman.com? Yes, Link My AccountNo, I'm good Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Sign In OR Sign in using your Statesman.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your Statesman.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your Statesman.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. *Required {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Register *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account *Required {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Just One More Thing... We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your Statesman.com profile. If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on Statesman.com frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. Close Sign In It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. {# Show dss link in NP sites that have subscriptions_url set #} {% if subscriptions_url %} * LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS - Are you already a home delivery subscriber for {% site_setting friendly_name %}? Yes, Link My Account No, I'm good {% else %} Close {% endif %} {% include "includes/auth/janrain/signIn_traditional.html" with message='It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email.' %} Jobs Cars Homes Classified 73 46 open search clear Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Open menu open search clear 73 46 Subscribe now As low as 99¢ close menu Subscribe Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out close subnav open subnav Log Out Home News close subnav open subnav All News Elections Local News Texas Politics Crime & Law Austin Booking Mugshots Obituaries Weather Nation & World Business 512Tech Opinion Investigates In the News Send a News Tip City Council Austin Booking Mugshots PolitiFact Texas Latest News Video News Blogs The Blotter All Ablog Austin More News Blogs Sports close subnav open subnav All Sports Texas Longhorns Hookem.com Recruiting  Big 12 Texas A&M Aggies College Football High School Sports F1 & Racing Area Pro Teams Newsletter Sign-up SEC Country In the News Game Week Charlie Strong Cap 10K Latest Sports Videos Sports Blogs Bevo Beat Varsity News More Sports Blogs Austin360 close subnav open subnav All Austin360 Music Food & Drink Movies & TV Arts & culture Home & Leisure Newsletter Sign-up Austin360 Amphitheater Statesman Skyline Theater In the News ACL Fest SXSW X Games Latest Entertainment Videos Austin360 Blogs Austin Music Source The Feed TV Radio & Blogs More Austin360 Blogs ¡Ahora Si! close subnav open subnav All Ahora Si Reportajes Noticias Locales Noticias Nacionales Internacionales México Deportes Entretenimiento Opinión Newsletter Sign-up More ¡Ahora Si! Ediciόn Digital Clasificados EventosLatest ¡Ahora Si! videos Neighborhoods close subnav open subnav All Neighborhoods Bastrop Round Rock Cedar Park-Leander Lakeway-Bee Cave Pflugerville Smithville Westlake Newsletter Sign-up More News Latest News Videos Things to Do Local News High School Sports Weather Things to do close subnav open subnav All Things to Do Search Events Movie Showtimes Add a Listing Upcoming Events Austin360 App Newsletter Sign-up More Events A-List Photos NightLife Guide Austin Scoop Austin360 Amphitheater Statesman Skyline Theater More close subnav open subnav All More Place a classified Advertise with us Partner Content Print + Digital eTearsheets Place an obituary Top Workplaces 2016 Home Improvement Ask the Experts My Local Local Ads Customer Service Archives Careers at Statesman  Commenting policy FAQs Photo and page reprints Send a news tip Subscriber services Subscribe to e-mail newsletters 73 Austin, TX  78702 46 Traffic Conditions Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index | Visitor Agreement | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | StatesmanMedia.com ©2016 Cox Media Group Shortcuts Statesman Home Statesman Jobs Statesman Cars Classifieds Obituaries Contact Us Customer Care Digital Products Subscribe Explore These Products Statesman.com Austin360.com AhoraSi.com MyStatesman.com Statesman ePaper Statesman Weather App Statesman Live App Austin360 App Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Paribus 101 0 Paribus 101 0 6:15 p.m Friday, Sept. 9, 2016 Business 0 MoneyTips You just made a significant online purchase, only to find that the price dropped on the item just after you bought it. Many stores will refund the price difference to you within one or two weeks after your purchase, as long as you remember to ask — but you have to take the time to check for price changes, keep all the receipts, and go through each store's procedure for acquiring a refund. Who has time for that on a daily basis? Nobody does, which is why the Paribus app was invented. Paribus monitors your recent purchases at participating retailers for price drops and automatically works with the stores to secure your refund. When successful refunds are acquired, Paribus keeps 25% as a commission and 75% is returned to your payment card through the retailer. How does it work? You grant Paribus access to your e-mail, and it scans for any receipts that arrive in your inbox. It will note the items you bought and the amount paid for each item, and then scan the store for price changes in those items. The app can also detect coupons and coupon codes that should have been applied to your purchase and ask for the coupon amount to be redeemed retroactively. Among the many retailers included are Amazon, Best Buy, Wal-Mart, Target, Zappo's, J. Crew, Athleta, Staples, and Kohl's. A full listing is available on the Paribus website. The potential downside is in the amount of information you must supply to Paribus. In order for this approach to work, Paribus not only needs access to your e-mail account to search for purchases and price changes, it also needs an available credit card number to charge you for any refunds that it finds. Tracking of Amazon prices requires supplying Paribas with your Amazon login, and other stores may require sharing access codes to allow Paribus access to your account. Security is an obvious concern, but Paribus claims strict security through bank-grade encryption. Granted, your information could be vulnerable to a hack at Paribus, but that is true with many retailers as well. Protect yourself using the obvious security measures, such as not using the same, simple password for all of your online security requests. For those worried about having their purchase history logged, Paribus does not offer gathered information to third parties. They make their money off the per-sale commissions. You have the option to remove individual purchases from the tracking under the "My Purchases" tab. Note that Paribus requires an e-mailed receipt for your online purchases, so make sure that you receive an e-mail receipt for any relevant purchases, and that the address that receives e-mailed receipts is the same one used by Paribus. Paribus supports most web-based e-mail services, but if yours is not included, you can simply set up a separate Gmail account for your Paribus account. If you like, you can open multiple Paribus accounts and assign one to each e-mail address that you have. However, it does not go in both directions — you cannot split your Paribus account between multiple e-mail addresses. As more stores go to dynamic pricing schemes that change prices constantly based on demand algorithms and other analytical methods, the Paribus app should become even more useful. Why not take advantage of all the potential refunds available to you, especially when the amount of effort required on your part is about the same as picking up dollar bills off the sidewalk? Photo ©iStock.com/SIphotography Originally Posted at: http://www.moneytips.com/paribus-101 Best Online Store Return Policies How to Hire a Free Personal Shopper Today’s Headlines: Online Shopping Surpasses In-Store See the full story at View Comments 0 Most Read Officials: 3 LASA students robbed at gunpoint after school Thursday flatpage-for-wraps 86-year-old man learns to knit to help newborn babies Things To Do Add Event + See More Weather and Traffic 73 78702 46 Most Read Officials: 3 LASA students robbed at gunpoint after school Thursday flatpage-for-wraps 86-year-old man learns to knit to help newborn babies Things To Do Add Event + See More More from statesman.com Topics News Sports Austin360 Ahora Si Neighborhoods Things To Do News Officials: 3 LASA students robbed at gunpoint after school Thursday Nation & World Girl suspended for using child-sized butter knife to cut peach at school Round Rock Stony Point football team shut out in 2nd-round playoff game Sen. Jeff Sessions is Trump’s pick for U.S. Attorney General News Happy 88th birthday Mickey Mouse! News Storms move across Austin area as cold front sweeps through Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index | Visitor Agreement | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | StatesmanMedia.com ©2016 Cox Media Group Close Sections news sports longhorns austin360 neighborhoods ahora si weather traffic Partners find & save coupons kudzu savings.com valpak mystatesman Shortcuts obituaries community development cap10k contact us careers advertise with us faqs / help newstips photo and page reprints Fun games A-List Photos Follow Us facebook twitter instagram youtube Member Center sign in manage your profile Utilities archives weather traffic other statesman products sitemap PRODUCTS From Statesman.com Austin360.com AhoraSi.com MyStatesman.com Austin360 App Statesman Live App Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   STOP Foodborne Illness Press Release Receive press releases from STOP Foodborne Illness: By Email RSS Feeds: STOP Foodborne Illness Hosts Upcoming Food Safety Culture Webinar October 11 Chicago, IL, September 17, 2016 --(PR.com)-- STOP Foodborne Illness will be hosting a webinar titled “Food Safety Culture: We Know Why, Let's Talk About How” on Oct. 11. From 1p.m. – 2p.m. Central time. Combining the power of “knowing why and how” and understanding sound scientific principles with practice of active positive outcomes, the webinar focuses on the impact that leaders can have on employee behaviors that drive food safety. CEO of STOP Foodborne Illness Deirdre Schlunegger will be speaking, along with special guests Frank Yiannas, Walmart’s Vice President of Food Safety; Michael Taylor, Freedman Consulting’s Senior Fellow; and Steve Schluneger, Principal of Intrinsic Leadership. “A strong emphasis on food safety culture is emerging, and leadership is critical in creating and maintaining this culture,” Yiannas says. In a world where businesses in the food industry are more aware of being susceptible to foodborne illnesses such as salmonella and the norovirus, the need for a strong food safety culture is more prevalent than ever before. The first line supervisors set the tone for the culture and behavior of employees, and their key note speakers explain how these business leaders can drive effective food safety practices. The program will be recorded. Registration is $129. Sign up today at https://stopfoodborneillness.thankyou4caring.org/webinar?. Please direct any questions about the webinar to klombardo@stopfoodborneillness.org. About STOP Foodborne Illness STOP Foodborne Illness is a national, nonprofit, public health organization dedicated to preventing illness and death from foodborne pathogens by advocating for sound public policies, building public awareness and assisting those impacted by foodborne illness. For more food safety tips please visit http://www.stopfoodborneillness.org/awareness/. If you think you have been sickened from food, check and contact your local health professional. For questions and personal assistance, please contact STOP Foodborne Illness’ Community Coordinator, Stanley Rutledge, at srutledge@stopfoodborneillness.org or 773-269-6555 x7. Contact Information STOP Foodborne Illness Cindy Kurman 312-651-9000 Contact Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from STOP Foodborne Illness Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Gymnastics Girls Volleyball Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Softball Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Sponsored Blogs Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Jersey Journal front and back page news: Saturday, September 17, 2016 jjjccovs0917.jpg Print Email The Jersey Journal By The Jersey Journal The Jersey Journal on September 17, 2016 at 3:30 AM, updated September 17, 2016 at 3:31 AM comments A Kearny police officer shot an alleged shoplifter as the suspect was driving toward him while fleeing in the Walmart parking lot, officials say. In a reversal from a vote last month, the Jersey City school board approved a measure that would rename School 34 after President Obama. In Sports, the Snyder football team easily took down Marist, and Kearny girls soccer standout Megan McClelland is heading to Jordan with the rest of the FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup team.   Most Read Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
null
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Inside China's 'richest village': Mystery Socialist town where everyone has '$124K in the bank' - but if you leave, you lose it all Trump appoints immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions as attorney general and House Benghazi committee member Mike Pompeo as CIA director National Security Adviser pick Michael Flynn sat in on intelligence briefings while advising foreign clients Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow justices inventing 'newly discovered rights' Don't start worrying about the 'apocalypse': What President Obama told his daughters after Donald Trump's shock election win Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Party-boy surrogate 'son' of celeb jeweler and accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky NYC apartment' appear in court charged with murder Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive insulting email from events dessert company after she failed to answer their calls Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or early starts) Busted! Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is caught by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in photo Divorce in US 'drops to its lowest level in 35 years while marriage is up to its highest rate since 2009' Relief for longest-serving congressman as his 21-year-old son is found safe and well after going missing for three days  Russia's plans for a base on the MOON: Nation will land cosmonauts on the surface by 2031 ahead of creating a lunar colony Putin's new hypersonic missile could reach the West Coast in 12 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon that will sit on top of a NUKE  Trumps trigger Twitter meltdown: Pictures of 'leggy' Ivanka and Jared Kushner joining President-elect Donald for meeting with Japanese Prime Minister draw criticism Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants that violate international human rights law' Donald Trump is RIGHT to demand other NATO members spend more on defence, says alliance's chief  Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and Michelle' 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' Don't mention the T-word! Obama arrives to meet European leaders after Trump's shock election win which dismayed them all The last supper: Barack Obama and Angela Merkel say farewell over an intimate meal on his final official tour of Europe Previous Next Police identify second woman who was found dead in an Ohio home after a third woman called 911 while being held hostage Elizabeth Griffith, 29, was found dead in an Ohio home, police said   Shawn Grate, 40, now faces two counts of murder in her death  And death of 43-year-old Stacey Stanley who was also found in the home  Bodies were found after a woman being held hostage called 911 Authorities said a third body was then found Tuesday in a neighboring county after Grate confessed to killing the woman in June  The third body hasn't been identified, according to local police Authorities haven't said how any of the women died By Valerie Edwards For Dailymail.com and Associated Press Published: 23:43 EST, 16 September 2016 | Updated: 14:57 EST, 17 September 2016 e-mail 114 shares 5 View comments Elizabeth Griffith (pictured), 29, has been identified as the second woman found dead in an Ohio home this week  A second woman, whose body was found in an Ohio home this week, has been identified, authorities revealed on Friday.  The Ashland County prosecutor has identified the second woman as 29-year-old Elizabeth Griffith. Shawn Grate, 40, now faces two counts of murder in the deaths of Griffith and 43-year-old Stacey Stanley. Their bodies were found Tuesday inside a supposedly unoccupied home in Ashland after a woman called 911 from inside a bedroom of the home and said Grate was holding her hostage. Police found the bodies after freeing the woman and arresting Grate.  Griffith who had been missing in Ashland since August 16, was last seen in a Walmart in the town. Stanley was last seen on September 8, with a flat tire at a gas station in Ashland.  The house where the women's bodies were found has been cordoned off with yellow police tape, and two bouquets of sunflowers were placed in front with a teddy bear and a cross with Stanley's name and the message: 'You are loved by many'. Scroll down for video  Stacey Stanley (left and right) was last seen on September 8, with a flat tire at a gas station in Ashland, Ohio. Her body was later found at a house a few blocks away Shawn Grate (pictured), 40, now faces two counts of murder in the deaths of Griffith and 43-year-old Stacey Stanley. Police found the bodies after freeing the woman and arresting Grate. He's being held on $1 million bond Grate is charged with kidnapping in the escaped woman's abduction. A court document accuses Grate of kidnapping her 'to engage in sexual activity'. Pictured is the home where police said the two bodies were found  Authorities said a third body was then found Tuesday in neighboring Richland County after Grate confessed to killing the woman in June.  The third woman hasn't been identified. Authorities haven't said how any of the women died. The woman in the house said in the 911 call that she had been tied up but had partly freed herself in the same room where her captor was asleep.  She said the man had a stun gun, and she was afraid of waking him. She told the dispatcher she had known the man for about a month and a half. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next EXCLUSIVE: Accused kidnapper who led police to three women's... Who was in the wrong? Mother who filmed young driver abusing... Share this article Share Grate is charged with kidnapping in the woman's abduction. A court document accuses Grate of kidnapping her 'to engage in sexual activity'. An Ashland County Common Pleas judge on Friday assigned Grate an attorney after Grate said he had no money, job or place to live.  County Prosecutor Christopher Tunnell said during the hearing that authorities believe Grate also abducted Griffith and Stanley. Grate has another hearing scheduled for Monday morning. He is being held on $1 million bond.  County Prosecutor Christopher Tunnell said during the hearing that authorities believe Grate also abducted Griffith and Stanley Authorities said a third body was then found Tuesday in neighboring Richland County after Grate confessed to killing the woman in June. Pictured is the remains of a burned out home near where police found the third body  The third woman hasn't been identified. Authorities haven't said how any of the women died Share or comment on this article e-mail 114 shares Most watched News videos Autistic boy bursts into tears on stage as teacher snatches microphone Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Good pup! Adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Locals react to earthquake in Wanaka, New Zealand Daughter confronts mum who filmed her perform sex act on dad Autistic boy gives enthusiastic 'gobble' after teacher took mic Aerials of a Peruvian tribe living in their traditional way in the jungle 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Hillary Clinton makes first appearance since her concession Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Peruvian government makes first contact with isolated tribe Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite... Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice... The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still... New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor... Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned... Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel... The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes... Cold comfort: The incredible moment a wild polar bear pets a... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  It is Sin City after all... 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid is branded 'abnormally thin' But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike Fired back Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Couldn't stop smooching 'His approach was f***ing genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' 'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on TV with husband Keith Urban Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers 'No one noticed!' Isla Fisher reveals she tricked her family by putting Amy Adams on her Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Looked like any couple She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth Took to Instagram Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Pulled out all the stops  'I have sex with everyone in it!': Eva Longoria reveals her husband refuses to watch Desperate Housewives due to her saucy scenes 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Lena Dunham goes on a retreat in Arizona seeking 'guidance from the canyon' after Trump's election victory  Posted image of herself in the hills of Sedona Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the BBC! Corporation is mocked over pompous review of Clarkson's $200m show as 'uncomfortably hubristic'  Targeted workouts, protein-packed meals, and meditation: Martha Hunt reveals how she is getting prepared for this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show  Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy Treated fans online Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Looked happy and relaxed Chantel Jeffries dances in a bikini for her Snapchat followers and unveils new line of holiday wear Justin Bieber's ex lounged about outdoors  Feeling broody? Paris Hilton cradles a baby at Australian press event before being given two packets of cookies from a devoted fan She's touring the country Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' 'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Worth the wait! Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Little boy is four 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Traumatic week for the former family Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues Snuggled up 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands Was shown how to carve up a carcass Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Wisely wrapped up Monochrome magic! Queen Letizia of Spain looks stunning in simple separates as she and husband King Felipe VI welcome guests at their Madrid palace  Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates...after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn Malik' 'He knows what he's doing': Paris Hilton supports her friend Donald Trump as US president and tells everyone to 'just be happy' 'There is nothing to say:' Mel B is 'frustrated' talking about Spice Girls reunion with Emma and Geri... and that it won't happen until 'everybody gets their a*** in gear'  Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Shoes.com was the first to announce move 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Following Trump's shocking election Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Interested in move Actress, 52, who had roles in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru 'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala One stunning woman Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a painting at the Royal Military Academy Queen's daughter-in-law Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Stripes and sisterhood! Hailee Steinfeld makes a bold fashion statement at powerful women's event  Earned her stripes Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event She is 41 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Actress, 31, plays Penny in Big Bang Theory Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London She wrapped up 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event Looked sensational Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala Supporter of the arts Crystal-encrusted gown Marilyn Monroe wore to sing happy birthday to JFK sells for a record-breaking $4.8MILLION Wanna be loved by you? Dapper Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his glamorous wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Sofia Richie shows off her legs in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA The 18-year-old put on an eye catching display on Thursday evening Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show  Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife He's worth $11billion 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala A supporter of the arts Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA The 35-year-old actress opted for a casual look Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Took to Instagram I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet On the red carpet Why DO stars demean their sex by pulling X-rated faces? It's the new must-have selfie - come-to-bed eyes and a half-open mouth. SARAH VINE says it's pathetic  Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Spent her day slipping into costume  98 Degrees of cute! Nick Lachey posts adorable flashback photo of himself and bandmate brother Drew in 'ugly sweaters' as youngsters  Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  The 24-year-old sparkled Woman who lost lawsuit accusing NBA star Derrick Rose and his friends of gang raping her appeals verdict Appealed on Thursday Mariah's World in crisis! Claims James Packer is 'demanding' to be edited out of ex-fiancée Carey's reality TV series A messy split 'My proudest moment in college': Lions player DeAndre Levy brags about breaking 'dirtbag' coach Joe Paterno's leg in 2006 Lions linebacker  Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles The Piano Man 'It would be fun': Paris Hilton reveals she's 'thinking about' bringing back and starring in The Simple Life  She hinted at a return for the reality show 'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  Taking to Instagram  A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Hitting the road Don't mess with Ruby! Rose SMASHES leering man's head against a bar in The Veronicas' music video she starred in with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso Taking the plunge! Karlie Kloss channels vintage Hollywood glamour with partially sheer, low-cut dress for ritzy Guggenheim event She is 6ft 2in  'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday Shared a sweet Snapchat video Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK A preview clip  Ooh la la! Maksim Chmerkovskiy's fiancee Peta Murgatroyd poses in a black bra and tiny thong for a sexy pregnant selfie Gave fans an eyeful Becky G shows off her toned legs in revealing gown at the Latin Grammy Awards in Las Vegas The 19-year-old wore a very revealing gown Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles Beverage stop 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family 'It's been tough' Red head-turner! Amy Adams scintillates in sexy scarlet gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NY Red is definitely her color! Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick He was gutted 'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with backup dancer is revealed in her show... and their chemistry is so intense it has her team worried Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster that saw hotel heiress delayed ahead of her Australian tour Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Donned shades She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC She is 40 Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram She's a mother-of-four JAN MOIR: Where's the Beauty in this Beastly feminist version of Disney?   Review: 'Emma Watson gets a bit carried away with herself'  'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu She felt the wind in her hair 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Sneak peek She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation Shared a clip School run! Bethenny Frankel carries a mug of coffee as she heads out with daughter Bryn, six, in Manhattan The Real Housewives Of New York star  Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Heart-breaking Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos Huge Netflix hit 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau Slogan fashion Fighting on the street! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense argument with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Fiery redheads! You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split Millionaire activist, 52, who smashed Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star could be JAILED for the vandalism   Used a sledgehammer  Allison Williams, Freida Pinto and Kuoth Wiel strip down to racy lingerie in David O. Russell-directed silent short film for Prada Showing some skin Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go Cameras rolling Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers Looked out of this world! Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Australian beauty Megan Blake Irwin 'When your Calvins gape': Instagram star Skye Wheatley shows off her VERY slim figure as she complains that her lingerie is too big for her Jools pic prompts Jamie Oliver's mother to share her chef son's secret   Jamie Oliver's wife, Jools, posted this photo online  Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London...after partying with David Beckham  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Gracing the red carpet  Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  Her new video featured a wedding day snap He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  In Washington DC  Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Kate's sister Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  The 47-year-old comic  A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland She's the daughter of Brit actor Ray Winstone Trevor Noah comments on Donald Trump's 'Stop it' response to hate crimes Sponsored Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2m ... nearly 50 PER CENT off original asking price The 49-year-old actress has sold her oceanfront home 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary The on-screen tough guy is really a sweetheart! Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave odd statement when asked about her Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar But Lopez 'cheated' Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Gave birth to newest son just two months ago Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Rocking active-wear  It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC The former president  Thanksgiving with ALL the trimmings - and NO lumpy gravy! Do turkey day the right way by following MARTHA STEWART'S top tips for an unforgettable feast Babes on board! Shanina Shaik is joined by fellow former Victoria's Secret Angel Chanel Iman as they fly to the Bahamas in a private jet Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Is there ANYTHING she can't do? Fitness star Kayla Itsines shares the secrets of Instagram success... and reveals she's broken five world records Steal Gigi Hadid's look! Celeb make-up artist Lisa Eldridge collaborated on a brand new filter that will give you a model-worthy make-over in one snap Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and lookalike sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits Made sure all eyes were on them I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with Lauren Silverman and their sweet son Eric 'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Proud of her body Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears skimpy swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot Earned a perfect score on the board! 'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals her desire to give birth again as she describes it as the 'greatest' experience of her life Putting on The Ritz! Downton Abbey's Laura Carmichael adds a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as she attends exclusive fashion launch Back to blonde already? Amber Rose lightens up after two days of wearing a shocking pink color Can't seem to make up her mind Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer No stopping her! Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Exciting news! Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC Tale of two cities... Is THIS the real Hillary? Mrs Clinton drops her soft aesthetic and adopts a sterner look following her defeat in the US presidential election 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson details the sexual assault she suffered after being crowned Miss America No time to put on a coat! Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing photo of Theo dressed as a teddy bear Showstopper! Eiza Gonzalez puts on sexy display in revealing sheer gown at film awards in Mexico City Looked absolutely fabulous I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center Was in high spirits Kendall Jenner takes a dig at baby Dream's name and says North is her favourite as she ranks her young relatives' unusual monikers Thanksgiving outfits inspired by Gigi Hadid, Alessandra Ambrosio and Olivia Palermo that will look cute and accommodate your holiday food baby! Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in TV adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' Latest A-lister to turn to  the small screen     DON'T MISS Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in London Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Kept her eyes hidden under shades Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  She spent the summer in a red one-piece Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London CNN host Anderson Cooper reconciles with brother he had not seen for 38 years - after a bizarre dispute over their mother Gloria Vanderbilt's therapist Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Showed her ex what he was missing Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits their son Silas Went to a celeb hotspot 'Project Runway' celebrity hairstylist George Ortiz commits suicide in his New York apartment Was found dead in his Hamilton Heights home Bollywood actress and model is tear-gassed and beaten up by masked intruders at neighbouring Paris apartment to where Kim Kardashian was robbed  Johnny Manziel silently walks out of court wearing a suit and sneakers after reaching deal with prosecutors to DROP charges he assaulted his girlfriend Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his movie Sully 'My wife makes beautiful babies': Brian Austin Green shares rare photo of infant son Journey River... after reconciling with Megan Fox Blooming lovely! Geri Horner, 44, showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys day out with husband Christian Former Spice Girl 'I'm very sick, I need help!' The Shining star Shelley Duvall's struggle with mental illness is revealed as she claims Robin Williams 'is not dead' Diesel casts transgender models for its latest campaign (but insists they're more than just 'hype')  Ads feature Loiza Lamers and Ben Melzer Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... despite split rumours "Stronger than ever' Sexy at 62! Christie Brinkley flashes her long legs in knitted mini-dress on NYC night out... before turning heads in Seventies-inspired ensemble 'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumors  Began because of film 'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally Spoke on Today Show 'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on foreign TV show PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drew Barrymore, 41, looks fit in sports bra and shorts as she frolics with friends in Mexico after losing 20lbs Tiffany Trump takes a break from the endless guests at Trump Tower as she grabs a smoothie with her Secret Service detail in tow  Soon to be first daughter What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Admired her posterior when they were reunited Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  Showed off her taut tum and slender physique at Nice Guy Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael of Kent join mourners at a service for Prince Charles's wealthy friend Mark Vestey They didn't rapper very well! Iggy Azalea left in a sticky situation as boob tape FAIL leaves her looking not so fancy at GQ Awards Australian awards Wet T-shirt competition! Iggy Azalea reveals her enhanced assets in a very soaked white top and NOTHING else in extremely racy GQ magazine cover 'As rumors go, it's not the worst!' Jon Hamm addresses speculation he's well endowed after THAT photo sparked discussion about his manhood Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Made a head-turning arrival My drug-addled, drink-soaked affair with Harrison Ford on the Star Wars set: Carrie Fisher's denied it for years. Now she finally admits what happened  $6m-a-year Mariah Carey 'demands ex pay $5k-per-month into twins' trust fund while she pays nothing'... and they can't call anyone else 'mummy or daddy' Blake Lively shows off her slim postbaby body in plunging dress two months after giving birth at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards She's a mom-of-two That's one stylish family! Queen Letizia of Spain is given a run for her money in the sartorial stakes by her mini-me daughters in Madrid A VERY fashionable Sophie Wessex makes friends with an adorable little boy as she opens a school in England She is Queen Elizabeth's daughter-in-law  Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged His humanitarian work  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Swank walks arm-in-arm with mystery man just four months after her broken engagement to Ruben Torres Charlie Sheen's ex Brooke Mueller 'is hospitalized for a psych evaluation after turning up barefoot in a bar with their twins and getting in a fight with the nanny Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls-Royce 'I never said he was bad in bed - or any other furniture': Carrie Fisher DENIES calling Harrison Ford a poor lover Blamed a misread on her new autobiography Tom Hiddleston swaps suave tailoring for a gorilla suit as he gets pranked into dressing up as King Kong by Jimmy Kimmel Funny moment 'She hopes her new music can inspire healing, peace and unity': Katy Perry 're-writing album to include songs about US presidential election' Partners in crime! Sandra Bullock and Cate Blanchett are seriously in character as they shoot scenes for Ocean's Eight Both are Oscar winners Leonard Cohen died in his sleep at his LA home after suffering a fall The 'Hallelujah' and 'Bird on a Wire' singer-songwriter died on November 7. He was 82 Life imitating art! Real-life girlfriends Ruby Rose and Jessica Origliasso have a bath together and get frisky in bed as they star in The Veronicas VERY steamy new music video The magic of a push-up bra! Paris Hilton puts on a VERY busty display in a plunging red dress in Australia... after denying plastic surgery rumours On a tour there A vision in white! Princess Charlene looks typically chic as she and Prince Albert hand out parcels to refugees ahead of celebrations for National Monaco Day Canceled! Duck Dynasty announces the 11th season will be the last after five years on the air It premiered in March 2012  Monochrome magic: Emma Roberts keeps it casual in skinny jeans and a white shirt as she grabs a bite to eat  Looked effortlessly glamorous Making friends! Prince William bonds with a cuddly rhino as he speaks against illegal wildlife trade in Vietnam Shook hands with mascot Megyn Kelly keeps smiling as she promotes her new book 'Settle for More' in New York while trolls savage her in coordinated attack on Amazon 'Pardon me, could you say that again?': Dallas star Linda Gray reveals she couldn't understand her British soap co-stars when she first arrived on set Sarah Paulson plays yet another character on American Horror Story: Roanoke finale as Lee Harris is last to die Ended with destruction of the haunted house Proud parents! Lara Bingle cradles her newborn son in New York alongside her husband Sam Worthington shortly after giving birth EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Emily Ratajkowski goes topless as she whips off her cheeky swimsuit on Mexican beach break Feeling hot, hot, hot! 'Classy stripper': Kim Zolciak takes teenage daughter Brielle for sexy dance lesson on Don't Be Tardy Not the usual bonding experience Ricky Martin shows off engagement ring as he takes to the stage in Las Vegas hours after announcing plans to wed Arab artist Jwan Yosef Tyre-d of the scandal? Harrison Ford forgets his troubles as he enjoys a motorbike ride in wake of Carrie Fisher Star Wars affair revelation Work it! Mel B flaunts her rippling abs in bright pink workout gear as she boxes with a personal trainer ahead of the X Factor Semi Final Ab-tastic! Nina Agdal is back to the grind post-holiday sweating it out at Soul Cycle and looking great doing so Positively beaming during her workout Pregnant Marion Cotillard dresses her blossoming bump in a velvet smock dress with latex boots for Dior event Velvet sensation Quite the lady! Paris Hilton puts on a sophisticated display in an elegant black frock as she steps out in Melbourne...after THAT passport blunder Loved-up Liv Tyler rocks a chic autumnal look as she and fiancé Dave Gardner attend London fashion bash Had a rare night off parenting duties Elizabeth Hurley, 51, shows off her youthful good looks as she wows in little black dress for Hollywood dinner She never fails to rock a black dress Sheer delight! Braless Alexa Chung puts on a racy display in transparent blouse and blazer ensemble as she attends glitzy Dior bash in New York 'Who?' Paris Hilton awkwardly shuts down a question about her 2003 fling with Rob Mills... after he claimed they kept in touch for a YEAR after hook-up Lily-Rose Depp puffs on a cigarette as she grabs fast food with boyfriend Ash Stymest Picked up her parents' habits Woof woof! Alice Eve shows off her lacy lingerie in sheer top as she takes her adorable pooch for a walk in LA She looked every inch the blonde bombshell  Kong's monstrous opponents reveal themselves in new trailer for Skull Island... as does comic relief John C Reilly The King is back! The return of Marky Mark! Wahlberg gets ripped after dropping 16 pounds for Transformers role on season premiere of Walhburgers Packing a punch! Bella Hadid showcases her tiny waist and toned abs as she endures a grueling boxing workout Looking abs-solutely fabulous  Kisses from NYC! Pregnant Marion Cotillard covers up her baby bump in THREE outfits while on promo tour for Allied She is 41 Low key love! Kate Mara and Jamie Bell rock some sweats as they recover after a glamorous night out The couple ran errands around West Hollywood 'Kate Middleton recommended it': How Michelle Obama stays youthful with a $54 'organic Botox' gel thanks to a tip from the Duchess His leading lady! Hollywood legend Warren Beatty plays supporting role to wife Annette Bening as she's honored at LA's AFI Fest Special recognition  Upset model Kate Upton posts angry tweets after fiance Justin Verlander fails to win Cy Young Award Award is going to Rick Porcello Coco Rocha dons bulky bomber jacket at star-studded Canada Goose opening in New York City At101 Wooster Street in the Big Apple Back to the plan! Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are living together' and she is now hoping for 'a fourth child' They have three kids Fee-fi-fo-fum! Eva Longoria is dwarfed by towering Karlie Kloss as they attend L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards In NYC Janelle Monae shines next to acting veterans Taraji P. Henson and Octavia Spencer in new Hidden Figures trailer Held her own with Hollywood veterans  Mel B unmasked: Scary Spice, 41, looks tired as she goes makeup free during a stroll in Sydney and appears stressed as she checks her phone  The layered look! Patrick Schwarzenegger and girlfriend Abby Champion bundle up for a lunch date in Santa Monica From plastic surgery controversy, Twitter wars and bizarre speech about her 'award-winning vagina': How 2016 hasn't been so great for Iggy Azalea Obama to award Presidential Medal of Freedom to 21 recipients, including Abdul-Jabbar, DeGeneres, Hanks, De Niro, Springsteen and Jordan  Demi Lovato cuts a casual figure as she jets out of Los Angeles... after appearing to confirm romance with UFC fighter Luke Rockhold Hollywood stars Matt Damon and Margot Robbie star in elite private school's end-of-year video wishing girls good luck on their exams Needs more practice! Khloe Kardashian lets niece North West apply her make-up... and ends up getting her chest lip-glossed Getting lessons Airing her dirty laundry! Bella Thorne washes her clothes with sister Dani during casual outing in LA The 19-year-old actress kept it casual  Muchos besos! Becky G shares a smooch with soccer player boyfriend Sebastian Lletget at the Latin Grammy Person of the Year Award On the red carpet Just like mummy! Elsa Pataky wears matching bell-bottom trousers with daughter India Rose Hemsworth as they visit Byron Bay farmers' market  Peace! Blac Chyna shares new photo of Dream as it's claimed arrival of the little girl 'has ended those nasty fights with Rob Kardashian' An Unbreakable bond! Pregnant Janet Jackson 'to pay tribute to brother Michael when she names her baby' It is unknown whether she is having boy or girl So happy together! Gwen Stefani beams with joy as she strolls in LA with beau Blake Shelton and her son Apollo Wore a slogan top Megyn Kelly reveals that Roger Ailes' WIFE personally asked her to defend the disgraced Fox News CEO as she poses for sexy new photo spread Awkward! Rose Byrne looks very uncomfortable as the Today show presenters call long-term partner Bobby Cannavale her husband... TWICE Thumbs up for The Money Team: Boxing champion Floyd 'Money' Mayweather drops by Trump Tower to pay the Donald a visit Visit on Wednesday 'She doesn't answer any of my texts': Jon Gosselin claims ex-wife Kate won't tell him where his son Collin is Former reality star's shocking revelation Peek-a-boo! Lily Collins flashes some skin in pretty white and blue crochet dress as she promotes movie in NYC The Brit-American actress  Driving her batty! Adele flaps her arms then breaks down in hysterics after winged mammal attacks fan during concert in Mexico  There's a new momager in town! Kim Kardashian takes over manager duties as Kris Jenner struggles with the workload Sneak peek of show Double-fisting! Charlotte McKinney carries two beverages from Starbucks as she accents her svelte legs in torn jeans Drinks on the go Justin Bieber will make American Music Awards cameo via satellite ensuring no awkward run-ins with ex Selena Gomez He is 22 Golden girl Karlie Kloss stuns in plunging sequin gown at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The 24-year-old wore a gorgeous gold gown First look at Billions season two unveiled as Damian Lewis and Paul Giamatti prepare to square off once again 'At the end of last season there was just a lot of wreckage' Her second son? Kris Jenner chooses to spend time with Jonathan Cheban rather than Rob Kardashian even though Dream has just arrived Left out! Farrah Abraham is not invited to Teen Mom cruise that Maci Bookout, Kailyn Lowry and Amber Portwood are hosting Controversial reality star In for the kiss! Fifth Harmony singer Lauren Jauregui shares a smooch with another woman and the photo goes viral Image has gone viral It's Keaton, the friendly ghost! Diane, 70, wears bizarre white frock to L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The legendary actress wore a bizarre frock One of the girls! Reese Witherspoon shines in vibrant pink as she lends her star power to nonprofit that mentors young women She was glowing Kendall Jenner shows off her long legs in skinny jeans as she gets her cameras serviced The 21-year-old model was spotted collecting two cameras  She's back! Kim Kardashian returns to Instagram after jewel heist... but instead of posting she starts to follow old pal Paris Hilton She's a natural! Nicole Kidman dresses down with minimal make-up as she looks delighted to welcome Lion co-star Sunny Pawar to NYC Her biggest fan! Keith Urban nuzzles wife Nicole Kidman's neck as loved up couple celebrate New York premiere of her new film Lion Johnny Depp's daughter Lily-Rose and her British beau Ash Stymest enjoy tacos together... as her bodyguard keeps an eye on them 'She could have done better!': Tom Hanks, 60, jokes his wife of 28 years Rita Wilson settled... even though he's won Oscars and is worth $350m 'It's infuriating how good he is!' Hollywood hunk Chris Evans gushes about his Avengers co-star Chris Hemsworth saying he's 'destined to greatness' 'Stars have all the help they need to shed weight': Chrissy Teigen explains why celebrities lose baby pounds so fast as she stuns in black Mellow in yellow! Vanessa Hudgens wears cheerful colors as she enjoys retail therapy in Los Angeles She embraced the changing seasons  Tatt's new! Iggy Azalea shows off her sleeve tattoo for the first time at the Men of the Year Awards... but has she covered up THREE other inkings?  'You have to be creative!' Patrick Dempsey reveals he and 'sexy and hot' wife Jillian love to make out in their Porsche Grey's Anatomy hunk 'I don't get jealous!': Miles Teller talks losing La La Land role to Ryan Gosling Gave BAFTA-nominated performance in Damien Chazelle's film Whiplash Harrison Ford emerges for first time since Star Wars affair bombshell... as Carrie Fisher reveals how he reacted when she warned him about memoir Prince Harry is set to pay $60,000-a-year for a bodyguard to watch over his girlfriend Meghan Markle after telling of his anger at being unable to protect her No filter! Social media stars Devin Brugman and Natasha Oakley flaunt their natural curves in bikinis in candid beach snaps Bikini bloggers Throwback time! Kim Kardashian's friend shares never-seen-before photos of the siren in Thailand Stephanie Sheppard shared old photos  Kim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner lead the way as their family are named top-earning reality stars with $122.5M Forbes' list 'I'm not jealous of Kylie!': Kendall Jenner insists she does not compete with anyone, hates drama and is a 'little dyslexic' in new web post Babe in blue! Martha Hunt shows off her tiny frame in little sports bra for Victoria's Secrets Train Like An Angel event Showing off her body That's tight! Chris Hemsworth's muscles bulge underneath his shirt on the cover of Australia GQ - after being named their Man of the Year 'I don't meet any gentlemen anymore': Iggy Azalea appears to take a swipe at ex-fiancé Nick Young after she caught him cheating  Helena Bonham Carter showcases quirky fashion style in NYC in check skirt with black jacket and fluffy scarf She is in the Big Apple to film Ocean's Eight The smile that says she's in love! Hilary Duff beams after a workout session with beau Jason Walsh at Rise Movement gym  RHONY star Jules Wainstein spent $2,000 on Uber in 15 days and racked up a $40,000 credit card bill, her husband claims in bitter divorce Little Ray's got moves like Jagger: Rolling Stone's grandson shows  he's picked up his granddad's rhythm  Two-year-old Ray proved he's picked up his grandfather's moves Madonna gets into the grove with James Corden while filming Carpool Karaoke in New York  The two fooled around in the segment Natalie Portman puts her growing baby bump on display as she goes for a relaxing hike in LA  The talented brunette beauty went for a hike in black yoga pants  Today's headlines Most Read Inside China's 'richest village': The mysterious Socialist town where every resident has '£100K in the bank'... Trump picks immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions for attorney general and Kansas congressman to lead the CIA National Security Adviser pick Michael Flynn sat in on intelligence briefings while advising foreign clients Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow ... Don't start worrying about the 'apocalypse': What President Obama told his daughters after Donald Trump's... Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's... Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their... Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive... Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is busted by her boyfriend after he spotted... Divorce in the US 'drops to its lowest level in 35 years while marriage is up to its highest rate since... Relief for longest-serving congressman as his 21-year-old son is found safe and well after going missing for... Russia's plans for a base on the MOON: Nation will land cosmonauts on the surface by 2031 ahead of creating... Putin’s new hypersonic missile could reach Britain in 13 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon... What was Ivanka doing there? Fury as Trump's daughter and husband join him for first meeting with Japanese... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has... Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants... Donald Trump is RIGHT to demand other NATO members spend more on defence, says alliance's chief  Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and... Has he told Kim? Kanye West is booed after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he would have voted... Don't mention the T-word! Obama holds talks with May, Merkel and other European leaders after Trump's shock... Dinner for two: Barack Obama and Angela Merkel share an intimate meal and a chance to reminisce as... Leading Democrats call on Obama to PARDON 750,000 undocumented immigrants covered by the DREAM act - but the... 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite The Trump effect? Apple 'could start building iPhones in the US' rather than outsourcing from abroad MORE HEADLINES Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite come and go from Trump Tower as he builds his administration Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky Manhattan apartment' appear in court charged with murder  The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still untouched by civilisation - stare in wonder at a photographer's plane flying above them New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor lifted TWO METRES and exploded through the sand - creating an alien landscape that has left marine experts baffled  Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when a teacher snatches the microphone from him as he's about to say his line in the school play Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him  Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is busted by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in a steamy picture  The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes her first appearance since her concession, and admits that 'coming here wasn't the easiest thing for me' and she 'wanted to curl up and never leave the house again' Cold comfort: The incredible moment a wild polar bear pets a sled dog in Canada Mother, father and their two daughters aged five and 18 months are found dead at Virginia home in murder suicide Inside the isolated Indonesian Dani tribe where women are expected to amputate a finger when relatives die… and the men have some rather eye-catching outfits! 'They want us to be Islamised. They despise our country and our values': Translator at German refugee camp says Muslim migrants display 'pure hatred' of Christians 'If she's brought back to life in 200 years she may not remember who she is': Father of cancer girl, 14, who is first British child to be cryogenically FROZEN fears his dead daughter will be alone in America  'Repulsive and goes against the order of nature': Woman, 27, who pleaded guilty to having sex with a dog will await sentencing behind bars New York academic who killed herself in her upscale Manhattan condo 'was driven to suicide by a mysterious condition known as sound rage' 'My innocence was stolen from me': Woman confronts her biological parents who sexually abused her to make child porn from age 11 to 13 PIERS MORGAN: Memo to millennials, that awful feeling you've got is called losing. It happens. If you want to know how to win, stop whinging for a bit and learn some lessons from Trump 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make EXCLUSIVE: How jeweler-to-the stars Jeffrey Rackover took in 'son', 25, he met at a health club - and his shock as the young man is now charged in the weekend party murder 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson reveals how media executive sexually assaulted her after she was crowned Miss America 'I hate myself': Mother who filmed her husband sexually abusing their 13-year-old girl breaks down as she comes face to face with her daughter 20 years later Bollywood star is tear-gassed and beaten up by masked intruders at Paris apartment close to where Kim Kardashian was robbed Father who shot dead his daughter's sexual abuser is sentenced to 40 years in jail after pleading guilty to save her from testifying Married substitute teacher's aide, 42, 'had sexual contact including oral sex with two male high school students - and made her husband drive one home after a tryst' 'Project Runway' celebrity hairstylist George Ortiz commits suicide in his New York apartment Out of the shadows for the first time in 45 years, the disfigured hermit who hid away from society aged 15 but now faces his demons to pay respects to late Thai king  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
         ABOUT JOIN CONTACT ADVERTISE READ THE PRINT ISSUE News Sports Opinion Arts & Culture Multimedia FUN News Sports Opinion Arts & Culture Multimedia Fun About Advertise Contact News Chick-N-Bap finds permanent home in Marketplace Student-run dining option becomes staple on campus after starting in Hinman Nite-Owl By Peter Brockwell - September 16, 2016 In fall 2013, a senior at Binghamton University experimented with different recipes for chicken over rice until he found the right one. Three years later, Chick-N-Bap has become one of the most popular destinations for students to get food on campus. Sung Kim graduated from BU in 2014 with a degree in business administration. Kim said he got the idea after a night out in Downtown Binghamton left him and a few friends craving something similar to the chicken-over-rice dishes they often enjoyed at home in New York City. The next day, Kim went out and bought all the ingredients for what would become his chicken-over-rice dishes, spending his free time for over a week experimenting with multiple recipes before attaining the taste he wanted. “I went out and got the ingredients from Wal-Mart,” Kim said. “I was broke, this was all of my savings and thank God I got it down. I started taste-testing with my housemates and they kept telling me they would definitely buy the food.” Realizing he had a potential success on his hands, Kim put together a business proposal and approached BU President Harvey Stenger after he gave a presentation in one of Kim’s School of Management classes. Stenger said he liked the pitch and emailed Kim back the next day. Stenger then put Kim in contact with Sodexo, who agreed to let him sell his chicken over rice in Hinman Nite Owl. “How we began was almost like a trial, just a way for the school to support the students,” Kim said. “A way to get the students involved with business and food.” The first weekend Chick-N-Bap was open, Kim said Sodexo only expected him to sell 30 dishes. It was open Friday and Saturday night, and had to shut down service around midnight each day after he ran out of ingredients due to high demand. By the end of the weekend, Kim had sold 600 dishes. After his initial success, Kim was allowed to keep his location in Hinman Nite Owl for the next two semesters, steadily increasing sales. By spring 2015, he and Sodexo moved the operation to the Marketplace for Thursday, Friday and Saturday each week to help supplement the struggling Wholly Habaneros. Once located in the Marketplace, Kim’s business continued to thrive, at its peak selling over 1,800 dishes each weekend. With this growth, Sodexo had to reevaluate their agreement with Kim, as their original agreement left them with many of the operating costs while Kim was pulling in large profits. Jim Ruoff, the Sodexo resident district manager for BU dining services, was part of the group that helped arrange Chick-N-Bap’s change in location as well as reconfigure their agreement. They reached a deal similar to that of other vendors like Tully’s and Moghul, in which Kim covers overhead costs, staffs Chick-N-Bap with BU students and pays Sodexo a percentage of the profits he makes. “Sung was too successful,” Ruoff wrote in an email. “A relationship that was based on a handshake, transparency and mutual respect became too big and it needed to be formalized into a contract with more concrete terms for both parties.” Chick-N-Bap now operates six days a week in the Marketplace. Sung currently lives in Binghamton full time and is working out a distinct business model for Chick-N-Bap so it can be managed even when he is not around. For students such as Sam Anderson, a sophomore majoring in art, Chick-N-Bap has become a staple at BU. “I think the food’s good, the best in the Marketplace,” Anderson said. “I eat here, like, once a day.” Trending #NotMyPresident protest draws hundreds SA vice president for academic affairs resigns BU to begin offering public health program Letter to the editor: Adam Wilkes resignation Locally taught, locally grown RECENT NEWS News Panel examines ways to turn passion for politics into civic engagement News Student Congress 11/17: Interim vice president for academic affairs elected News Binghamton University to add new parking lot for start of fall 2017 semester News Students march in solidarity against North Dakota Access Pipeline News BU vice president of research to lead SUNY Polytechnic as interim president Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Pipe Dream University Union Room WB03 4400 Vestal Parkway East Binghamton, NY 13902 Phone: 607-777-2515 Fax: 607-777-2600 ABOUT JOIN CONTACT ADVERTISE #stabilizing: bsens #destabilizing: polar bear
null
Subscribe Log In Search Listen Now Friday, November 18, 2016 83 Today's Paper Weather 64°F Sunny Friday, November 18, 2016   Today's Schedule   Listen Now! Toggle navigation News Local State Nation - World Business Obituaries Weather Sports Prep Sports Illini Sports All Sports Illini Forums Business Living A&E Blogs Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Guest Commentary All Opinions Multimedia Photo Galleries Podcasts Videos Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Defensive line ready to buck Broncos share Facebook Twitter | Subscribe More Illini Sports Top of the Morning, Nov. 18, 2016 Big Ten football glance: Who has edge to make College Football Playoff? Huddle up: Pitt rates honor after surprising Clemson Memphis bounces UI women × Login Options Commenting Login to comment or to shop for deal of the day or books. Member Login Login to your member account to read premium articles. Username or e-mail: * Password: * Create new account Request new password Close Home » Sports » Illini Sports » Football Defensive line ready to buck Broncos Fri, 09/16/2016 - 8:05pm | Matt Daniels Image Gallery: Illinois Football vs North Carolina » more Photo by: Rick Danzl Illinois quarterback Wes Lunt (12) scrambles for the ball he fumbled with North Carolina defensive end Mikey Bart (45) in the first quarter at Memorial Stadium in Champaign Saturday Sept. 10, 2016. Image Gallery Other Related Content Bob Asmussen's Huddle Up (Week 2, 2016) Big Ten football glance: Lots of games to love CHAMPAIGN — Residing in south Mississippi a few years ago, Carroll Phillips was far from the bright lights that greeted him last Saturday night at Memorial Stadium. The defensive end from Miami knew he wanted to play at a big-time program. Knew he wanted to experience a sellout crowd during a prime-time game like he did with North Carolina in Champaign a week ago. But Copiah-Lincoln Community College was the team he played for at the time. Far from the national stage. “I’m a city guy, but going to Copiah-Lincoln, it’s a small town there,” Phillips said. “There’s nothing but like four buildings there. I had to at least drive 20 minutes just to go get something to eat every day.” His usual stops included Burger King and Wal-Mart. That was about it. “The transition from Miami to Mississippi was a struggle,” Phillips said. “I got adjusted to Mississippi life. Once I got here, it was a big upgrade. I blended right in.” Take any of the starting defensive linemen for Illinois — Phillips and Dawuane Smoot at both ends along with Chunky Clements and Rob Bain at the two tackle spots — and the blend is smooth. Even if all hail from different backgrounds and took different paths to where they are now before Saturday’s 3 p.m. kickoff against Western Michigan at Memorial Stadium. Smoot grew up in the inner city of Columbus, Ohio, before moving to the Columbus suburbs and competing in hurdles in track and field during high school. Bain came to Illinois as an offensive lineman from Bolingbrook and spent the 2012 season — he redshirted during Tim Beckman’s first year — at that position before switching to the defensive line. Clements arrived after suffering a torn ACL in his senior season of high school near Dayton, Ohio, with an uncommon nickname to boot because his first name is Jarrod. “His first day on campus, he said, ‘Call me Chunky,’ ” Bain said. “At first, it catches you off guard, but ever since I’ve known him, if I call him Jarrod, then I’m messing with him. Ever since I’ve known him, that’s his name to me.” And then there is Phillips, the elder statesman of the group at 24 years old. But just call him “Wild Man,” a nickname Phillips first picked up playing youth football in Miami. “It keeps everything interesting with all the personalities we have,” Smoot said. “There’s never really a dull conversation.” ‘A lot of pro potential’ The talk around the four starters does have a common denominator. And that is pro potential. A year after sitting next to Jihad Ward on the couch inside defensive line coach Mike Phair’s central Champaign home and watching the Oakland Raiders select Ward in the second round of the NFL draft, Smoot already is hearing his name as a possible first-round pick next spring. He’s not the only Illini defensive lineman on NFL radars, though. Bain, Clements, Phillips and even fifth-year graduate transfer Gimel President are realistic possibilities to land on an NFL roster next summer, either through the draft or signing as an undrafted free agent. “I think they have a lot of pro potential,” Illinois coach Lovie Smith said. “I’ve made a statement that we should have about five guys that can play at the next level, so that’s pretty good. It’s really early to start talking about stuff like that, but comparing them to guys I’ve seen, these guys have a chance.” Having a coach with two decades of NFL experience in Smith can only add to the confidence the group feels. So can hearing Smith repeatedly say in his first six months on the job that the defensive line is the strength of this year’s team. Bain welcomes the added attention Smith’s praise brings to the front four, but quickly adds it doesn’t change how they prepare. “We just try to come out to work every day and set the tone and be the leaders of the team,” he said. “People say expectations are high, but we welcome that pressure. The guys we have in this group, we thrive off that. We want to be the pacesetters.” ‘We need more sacks’ Never satisfied, it seems, Phillips is quite clear on what he wants to see more of from the defensive line. “More sacks,” he said. “We need more sacks. We’ve got to get to the quarterback and affect the passer.” High standards is an aspect Smith wants from his team. But Illinois enters the third weekend of the season with a Big Ten-best eight sacks, and its average of four is tied for 10th in the country. Phillips, President and Clements each have two, with Phillips corralling a nation-best 61/2 tackles for loss after two games. “Our camaraderie is crazy,” Smoot said. “We’re on the same page at all times.” Joe Spencer knows. The Illinois center has to face off against Clements or Bain along the interior of the line twice a week during practice and worked against them throughout training camp. Ditto for Illinois tackles Christian DiLauro and Austin Schmidt when it comes to Smoot and Phillips. “You get a consistent look from them every time,” Spencer said. “Plus, the tackles are going against some of the best defensive ends in the country. It only helps us.” The defensive line benefited from not having to deal with a new position coach this season because Smith retained Phair, the only assistant coach last season at Illinois who is back with the Illini. Bringing in coaches with defensive pedigrees like Smith and defensive coordinator Hardy Nickerson, however, also was an advantage. “They mesh pretty well,” Nickerson said. “You’ve got a good group. They enjoy being around each other and feed off each other. That’s what makes this such a great thing.” ‘It’s like a brotherhood’ Yes, the defense has room to improve after giving up 48 points against North Carolina. The defensive line is included in that sentiment as well. Linebacker Hardy Nickerson, the team’s leading tackler with 22 stops so far after transferring from California, understands how much a quality defensive line can make a difference at his position. “Even before that, when I came and I watched spring practice, I was like, ‘Man, this is a real defensive line,’ ” the younger Nickerson said. “Any time you play behind a defensive line like this one, it just takes so much pressure off you as a linebacker. You’re just able to run and hit.” Western Michigan comes in with a potent offense and one of the country’s most unheralded wide receivers in Corey Davis. But if Smoot, Bain, Clements and Phillips can effectively disrupt the Broncos’ offensive line and force Broncos quarterback Zach Terrell into making some uncharacteristic throws, Illinois should go into Big Ten play with a winning record. All the while attracting more attention along the way, yet keeping the close connections that are nearly as important to this group as each player’s individual skills. “It’s like a brotherhood,” Bain said. “Me, Smoot and Chunky have all been together for four years now. Carroll, this is his third year. We’ve played a lot of snaps together and gone through a lot of practices and workouts. We’re about as close as you can get.” Sections (4):Illini Sports, Football, Sports, Recruiting More Illini Sports Top of the Morning, Nov. 18, 2016 Big Ten football glance: Who has edge to make College Football Playoff? Huddle up: Pitt rates honor after surprising Clemson Memphis bounces UI women More Illini Sports Top of the Morning, Nov. 18, 2016 Big Ten football glance: Who has edge to make College Football Playoff? Huddle up: Pitt rates honor after surprising Clemson Memphis bounces UI women Join the Conversation Comments News-Gazette.com embraces discussion of both community and world issues. We welcome you to contribute your ideas, opinions and comments, but we ask that you avoid personal attacks, vulgarity and hate speech. We reserve the right to remove any comment at our discretion, and we will block repeat offenders' accounts. To post comments, you must first be a registered user, and your username will appear with any comment you post. Happy posting. Login or register to post comments Sports Baseball Cross-country Football Golf Gymnastics Men's Basketball Soccer Softball Swimming Tennis Track Volleyball Women's Basketball Wrestling $5 Reprints also Available Most Commented Sports Nov. 16 Illinois basketball & volleyball chat Nov. 9 Illinois basketball chat Nov. 10 Ask the Sports Editor chat Nov. 14 Bob Asmussen chat Nov. 17 Ask the Sports Editor chat Most Viewed Sports Tilmon set for 1 p.m. Thursday announcement LIVE! Tilmon signs with Illinois LIVE! Tilmon signs with Illinois What Tilmon's signing means Tilmon: 'This is a dream come true' Trending Now UPDATE: Woman killed had feared for her life; suspected killer dead of self-inflicted gunshot UPDATE Deceased panhandler a familiar face: 'Everybody loved Richie' UPDATE: Woman dies in Urbana shooting Shooting in Urbana Anhydrous-ammonia leak forms cloud near Tolono Tilmon set for 1 p.m. Thursday announcement Urbana shooting victim showed 'bravery and courage' Most painful recent Illini basketball recruiting misses LIVE! Tilmon signs with Illinois Murder charges filed in Tolono man's death Radio Newstalk 1400 WDWS-AM Lite Rock 97.5 WHMS-FM Classic Hits 107.9 WKIO-FM Print County Star The Independent News The Leader LeRoy Farmer City Press Mahomet Citizen Paxton Record Journal Republican Rantoul Press Magazines At Home Magazine Central Illinois Business Magazine Customer Service Help Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Frequently Asked Questions Subscription Information Quick Links eEdition Obituaries Submit Vacation Stop Staff List Pay your Subscription Buy a Photo Send a News Tip Submit an Announcement Start a subscription now to enjoy our award-winning local news and sports coverage. Print, digital, or both-- we've got you covered. Subscribe Connect with The News-Gazette © 1995-2015 The News-Gazette, Inc. | All Rights Reserved | 15 Main St., Champaign, IL 61820

Credit card cloning is a growing problem - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY }); Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT 2016 St. Jude Dream Home I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Chopper 5 Biker Dad Blog 2016 Mid-South Heart Walk Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Sports Friday Football Fever 2016 Olympic Games College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis 'Raw Travel' premieres in October on WMC Action News 5 Our local commitment In the kitchen with Chef Jeff WMC-TV 5 Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 Station History WMC-TV 5 Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Credit card cloning is a growing problem 2016-09-16T23:31:49Z2016-09-17T05:50:41Z Posted by Courtney Ann Jackson, Reporter BioEmail Connect Biography cjackson@wlbt.com Source: WLBT Source: WLBT Source: WLBt Source: WLBT JACKSON, MS (Mississippi News Now) - No cash? No problem; most of us swipe our card without thinking twice, but the criminals could be a step ahead of you. In fact, you don't ever even have to get your card out for them to swipe the information. The latest card cloning case comes out of the Flowood. Three Cuban nationals were arrested after attempting to use the cards at a convenient store. It was discovered that they had 50 cloned cards. Then, we got word from McComb police that they're looking for this trio for using stolen numbers to buy more than a thousand dollars worth of merchandise at Walmart in McComb. "Even if your card has never left your protection, you have statement that people can steal with online banking," noted Better Business Bureau Mississippi CEO John O'Hara. Bottom line, the card never has to leave your hands for you to become a victim. Police and the BBB advise that you keep a close eye on bank statements. Or even consider using a credit versus debit card. "When using a credit card, at least there’s a layer of protection there that you’re paying the credit card company and they can dispute the chargers and possibly get the money back," said O'Hara. "On a debit card that money’s right on your account and could leave you in some big trouble." Card skimmers have been popping up all over the country. The devices are sometimes installed into something as common as the gas station pump. O'Hara at the BBB says criminals are getting smarter. Copyright 2016 MSNewsNow. All rights reserved. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> MPD: Missing 10-year-old last seen at school, may be in danger MPD: Missing 10-year-old last seen at school, may be in danger Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 10:30 AM EST2016-11-18 15:30:01 GMT (Source: MPD) Memphis Police Department is searching for a missing 10-year-old boy who was last seen at his school and may be in danger.More >> Memphis Police Department is searching for a missing 10-year-old boy who was last seen at his school and may be in danger.More >> BREAKING Man arrested in birthday party mass shooting Man arrested in birthday party mass shooting Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 10:29 AM EST2016-11-18 15:29:50 GMT (Source: Dyer County Jail via Star Gazette) One person was arrested in a mass shooting at a 2-year-old's birthday party. More >> One person was arrested in a mass shooting at a 2-year-old's birthday party.More >> SunTrust Zoo Lights bring holiday cheer to Memphis Zoo SunTrust Zoo Lights bring holiday cheer to Memphis Zoo Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 10:28 AM EST2016-11-18 15:28:46 GMT It's beginning to feel a lot like Christmas at Memphis Zoo! More >> It's beginning to feel a lot like Christmas at Memphis Zoo! More >> Friends, family identify mother killed at 2-year-old's birthday party Friends, family identify mother killed at 2-year-old's birthday party Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 10:27 AM EST2016-11-18 15:27:42 GMT Seven people have been shot and at least one is dead after a shooting in Dyersburg.More >> Seven people have been shot and at least one is dead after a shooting in Dyersburg.More >> Officer hit on head, hospitalized while making arrest Officer hit on head, hospitalized while making arrest Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 12:27 AM EST2016-11-18 05:27:42 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) A Memphis police officer was injured while trying to arrest someone.More >> A Memphis police officer was injured while trying to arrest someone.More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Friends, family identify mother killed at 2-year-old's birthday party Friends, family identify mother killed at 2-year-old's birthday party Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 10:27 AM EST2016-11-18 15:27:42 GMT Seven people have been shot and at least one is dead after a shooting in Dyersburg.More >> Seven people have been shot and at least one is dead after a shooting in Dyersburg.More >> Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Updated: Thursday, November 10 2016 12:28 PM EST2016-11-10 17:28:34 GMT Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday. More >> Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday.More >> Reports: Sessions tapped as Trump's AG pick, Pompeo as CIA chief Reports: Sessions tapped as Trump's AG pick, Pompeo as CIA chief Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 7:10 AM EST2016-11-18 12:10:04 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 8:43 AM EST2016-11-18 13:43:09 GMT Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-AL, was among the first in Congress to support Donald Trump for president. More >> Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-AL, was among the first in Congress to support Donald Trump for president.More >> Man dissolves in Yellowstone hot spring Man dissolves in Yellowstone hot spring Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 3:18 AM EST2016-11-18 08:18:55 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 3:18 AM EST2016-11-18 08:18:54 GMT A man dissolved in acidic water after he fell into Yellowstone hot spring. More >> A man dissolved in acidic water after he fell into Yellowstone hot spring.More >> Wrong number may be bringing strangers together for Thanksgiving Wrong number may be bringing strangers together for Thanksgiving Posted: Wednesday, November 16 2016 8:37 PM EST2016-11-17 01:37:33 GMT Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 10:50 AM EST2016-11-17 15:50:38 GMT Jamal Hinton, a high school senior, was in class on Monday when he got a text from a woman he didn’t know inviting him for a holiday dinner. What happened next has gone viral. More >> Jamal Hinton, a high school senior, was in class on Monday when he got a text from a woman he didn’t know inviting him for a holiday dinner. What happened next has gone viral.More >> Cutting the Cord: How Americans are ditching cable services Cutting the Cord: How Americans are ditching cable services Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 6:49 PM EST2016-11-17 23:49:44 GMT (Source: WSFA 12) For decades, the television has been the centerpiece of American homes. But the way we watch our favorite shows is changing. More >> For decades, the television has been the centerpiece of American homes. But the way we watch our favorite shows is changing.More >> Billboard raises eyebrows in Rankin County Billboard raises eyebrows in Rankin County Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 5:54 PM EST2016-11-17 22:54:58 GMT A billboard is turning heads, raising eyebrows and concern in Rankin County. It is on Highway 80 about a mile past the airport in Pearl.More >> A billboard is turning heads, raising eyebrows and concern in Rankin County. It is on Highway 80 about a mile past the airport in Pearl.More >> news City manager: Talladega police officer fired for sharing racist posts on Facebook City manager: Talladega police officer fired for sharing racist posts on Facebook Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 12:12 AM EST2016-11-17 05:12:59 GMT Talladega City Manager Patrick Bryant says Talladega Police Officer Joel Husk was fired Wednesday after sharing racist posts on his Facebook page. More >> Talladega City Manager Patrick Bryant says Talladega Police Officer Joel Husk was fired Wednesday after sharing racist posts on his Facebook page.More >> Stephen Hawking gives humanity 1,000 more years on Earth Stephen Hawking gives humanity 1,000 more years on Earth Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 5:07 AM EST2016-11-18 10:07:24 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 7:05 AM EST2016-11-18 12:05:10 GMT Stephen Hawking recently suggested that humans find a new planet to live because he believed that humanity probably has 1,000 years left on Earth.More >> Stephen Hawking recently suggested that humans find a new planet to live because he believed that humanity probably has 1,000 years left on Earth.More >> Teen dies after riding roller coaster in Memphis Teen dies after riding roller coaster in Memphis Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 6:03 PM EST2016-11-17 23:03:31 GMT Caitlin Rose Williams (Source: wallerfuneralhome.com) A 17-year-old died after riding a roller coaster in Memphis.  More >> A 17-year-old died after riding a roller coaster in Memphis. More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Contact CT Post Advertise with Us Subscribe Terms of Use Careers with Us Archives Newsletters Digital edition FAQ Submissions Cops: DUI Stratford driver ignored red light Cops: Man had hazardous fire pit in garage New Oxford restaurant now open for business I-95 exit to be closed in Milford News Local Columnists Police Reports Regional Valley National World Politics Opinion Were you SEEN? Science and Technology Election Where to buy your Christmas tree in southwest Connecticut W.A.T.C.H. names worst toys of the 2016 holiday season Black Friday alternatives in southwest Connecticut to avoid UConn students take on '#MannequinChallenge' Sports High Schools HS Football Colleges UConn MLB NFL NBA More Sports Hockey Masuk girls earn berth in Class L final Championship gallery: Trumbull Pop Warner Rangers St. Joseph girls soccer blanks Pomperaug STRATFORD OLD TIMERS Business Markets Real Estate Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Report: What stores are open and closed on Thanksgiving? Unmanned Sikorsky prototype in joint drone exercises Local airports part of competitive market John Stoehr: Marijuana ban leaves money on the table Entertainment Movies Music Arts Television Comics Horoscope Games Events 100 years of King Features Syndicate ‘Frosty’ melts hearts at Downtown Cabaret kids’ theater ‘Ruin and Rose’ extreme ski film to premiere at Palace Golf Channel’s Feherty brings his wacky ‘Live Off Tour’ to Living Health Home and Garden Family Religion Travel Food Weddings Engagements Celebrate Summer Sponsored Content Where to grab your Thanksgiving pie in southwest Connecticut Cheese recalled for possible salmonella Two-time Tony winner Chita Rivera set for Ridgefield Playhouse Shanna Melton is Ambassador for Poetry at Housatonic Community Obituaries Blogs Classifieds Jobs Homes Rentals Cars Find & Save MenuSections http://www.ctpost.com/local/article/Raybestos-cleanup-plan-finalized-in-Stratford-9228184.php Raybestos cleanup plan finalized in Stratford By John Burgeson Updated 2:02 am, Saturday, September 17, 2016 Photo: Contributed Photo / Contributed Photo Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 This undated photo provided by the Environmental Protection Agency shows the Raymark property, in Stratford prior to demolition in the 1990s. This undated photo provided by the Environmental Protection Agency shows the Raymark property, in Stratford prior to demolition in the 1990s. Photo: Contributed Photo / Contributed Photo Raybestos cleanup plan finalized in Stratford 1 / 1 Back to Gallery STRATFORD — Federal environmental officials and local officials jointly announced this week a comprehensive plan is ready to clean up the century-old legacy of the Raybestos Co., which sold and gave away thousands of cubic yards of soil tainted with asbestos and a cocktail of other harmful and cancer-causing chemicals. The final plan is the latest chapter of a cleanup saga that dates back to 1979, when officials first began to seek a solution to the Raymark waste problem. Raybestos was known as Raybestos-Manhattan, Raymark, and Raytech over the years, among other corporate names. Most officials said the deal was about as good as could have been expected, although some people in town wanted Town Hall to hold out for a complete removal of all of the Raymark material. Town Hall officials note that some years back, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency was reluctant to remove any of the tainted soil. “The town of Stratford will see more economic growth as a result. Importantly, EPA must continue to work with town officials and residents in the implementation of the plan,” said U.S. Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., when the decision was announced. The plan calls for the tainted soil, present in dozens of sites, to be brought to the former Raybestos Brakettes softball field on Frog Pond Lane. From there, more than half of it — the most toxic soil — will be sent out-of-state to an approved disposal site. The remainder will be capped over. "Having the EPA invest $95 million in environmental clean-up activities in Stratford will allow the town to address its future with the confidence that residents are protected from past corporate pollution,” said Beth Daponte, Town Council chairwoman. “While the clean-up process will be very difficult for the town, the end result will be a better Stratford going forward." Mayor John Harkins agreed. “This record of decision announced today by the EPA will finally rid Stratford of its toxic Raymark legacy, which has threatened the public health and stunted economic growth in our town for decades,” the mayor said. Officials say that the actual movement of soil will not begin until the fall of 2017. More detailed strategies will have to be worked out for how best to transport the contaminated soil, including the hiring of local contractors to help out with the project, coordination with police and other authorities, and so forth. “Every property has its own challenges, plus, we’ll have to prepare the softball field site,” said Jim Murphy, the EPA’s team leader for community involvement. “This cleanup will be challenging because of all the small sites we’ll be dealing with. But, once we start moving, it will be accomplished in a straightforward manner — we’ll try to inconvenience people as little as possible.” He said that work wouldn’t take place in the evenings. “And we will be meeting with people and with town officials as much as possible to listen to their concerns as much as possible,” he said. “When we were cleaning up the Raybestos factory site, we were putting in 20-hour days, which was problematic for many people in town — there won’t be a repeat of that.” That site, where East Main Street meets the Barnum Avenue Cutoff, is where The Home Depot, Walmart and Shop-Rite now stand - officially known as the Stratford Crossing shopping center. It’s been capped over with a thick layer of asphalt, and monitoring wells were installed to keep track of any subterranean movement of the toxic material. The factory there, which had been in decline for years, was shuttered for good in 1989. Murphy said that the most toxic material — more than half of the total waste that will be excavated — will be transported to a certified disposal site out-of-state. “Some people ask ‘Why don’t you move all of the soil out-of-town,’” he said. “But we are spending taxpayer dollars to do this, and we’ll be entirely in compliance when it’s completed.” Officials say that this phase of the project will cost about $97 million. Earlier parts of the Raymark cleanup included the old factory site as well as the playing field for Wooster Middle School on Lincoln Street, both of which were completed in the 1990s. In all, 100,000 cubic yards of soil will have to be moved jburgeson@ctpost.com Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Air Hogs Helix Sentinel 720p Video Drone for $128 + free shipping WalmartPosted 21 hr 6 min ago SHOP NOW ProScan 32" 720p LED LCD HDTV for $98 + free shipping WalmartPosted 7 hr 43 min ago SHOP NOW Goggles4U Prescription Eyeglasses for $1 + $6 s&h Goggles4uPosted 3 hr 28 min ago SHOP NOW Walmart Early Bird Holiday Specials Sale WalmartPosted 1 day 2 hr ago Most Popular 1 Video shows fight, shootings at Sweet 16 party 2 Next time get a room 3 Teacher’s aide rejects plea bargain in sex case 4 Bridgeport mom stabbed by son is recovering from wounds 5 Arrests made in killing of Stamford man 6 Family fight in car leads to assault on Route 34 7 Water main break closes SB I-95 lane Connecticut Post View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Careers Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Ad Choices About Our Ads Your California Privacy Rights Contact Contact Us FAQ CTPost iPhone App Today's eEdition Feedback Submissions Connect Newsletter Sign-Up Facebook Twitter Google+ Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Media Services Connecticut, LLC
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion Caught in the cross hairs The moment male student gets ‘knocked out’ by furious girl after hair-pulling prank The jaw-dropping clip  has already been viewed nearly 50 MILLION times Video By JON LOCKETT 18th September 2016, 10:10 pm A HILARIOUS  video has emerged of the moment a teen boy gets slapped “unconscious” after foolishly yanking out a girl’s hair piece. The funny clip, which was uploaded to social media earlier this week, has already been viewed nearly 50 MILLION times. Instagram Samuel Grubbs 4 After watching his pals tug at two girls’ hair the lad joins in the ‘fun’ Instagram Samuel Grubbs 4 But he gets a wallop when he tugs out his fellow student’s hair piece The YouTube footage, filmed by Samuel Grubbs at North Carolina’s Wingate University, shows a group of lads tugging girls’ ponytails while shouting, ‘Yaga!’ Then a third lad – named as Freddy Mccollum – pulls at a girl’s ponytail and he’s soon in big trouble when he pulls out the entire hair piece. The angry girl then turns around and slaps the foolish student straight across the face – seemingly knocking him out. Twitter user @notjefe wrote: “She slapped that man back to the first century.” Related Stories Posh pony: How to spruce up your ponytail with a few simple tips ponyfail Model reduced to tears on live TV as 'DIY dad' tries to HOOVER her hair into a ponytail... and it goes agonisingly wrong 'SHE WANTED TO DIE' Dad's slams school after bullies hacked off teen daughter's HAIR in Birmingham classroom BULLY ATTACK Schoolgirl too afraid to leave her house after 'happy slapping' video of her being bullied goes viral 'TOTALLY UNPROVOKED' Shocking footage showing schoolgirl, 14, being dragged to the ground by her hair and stamped on Instagram Samuel Grubbs 4 Freddy Mccollum lies motionless after the massive hit Instagram Samuel Grubbs 4 This student started the prank and got away with it Another user said: “She slapped him into the next life.” One viewer wrote: “Look at the last dude’s face – he immediately knew he messed up.” Last month another video featuring slapping emerged, this time in a Walmart in Illinois. A massive fight broke out inside the store ending with a woman having her clothes ripped off. The all-out brawl occurred inside the store in Crestwood, south of Chicago, and was all captured on video by a witness. Topics Funny Social Media Students North Carolina Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News CYBER ATTACK Three Mobile hacked by thieves who stole hundreds of phones... putting 9m customers' personal data at risk News A MOTHER'S GUILT Daughter confronts mum who filmed her being raped by her own father 20 years ago when she was 13 News 'Warm, generous and strong' Actress who starred in Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty kills herself in hotel room while on modelling… News 'THE TRUTH WILL OUT' Brit girl arrested 'after being raped' in Dubai says she'll get justice as men accused of attack are… News now for the news on bbc mum BBC presenter gives birth after her waters broke while reading news on live TV - and fellow News WORKED TO DEATH Teacher jumped to her death after 'being given so much work she could only sleep THREE hours a night News sex beast 'Repulsive' woman, 27, admits having sex with her DOG while her boyfriend filmed News Exclusive 'I'M DEVASTATED MY DAUGHTERS HAVE SEEN IT' Mum's horror after her children watch Snapchat footage of her being kicked and… News 'WE MUST ESCAPE PLANET EARTH' Stephen Hawking says humanity has less than 1,000 years left until EXTINCTION News Video WORK OF GOD? Mystery as Virgin Mary statue 'cries BLOOD' in bizarre phenomena that’s left churchgoers stunned News Revealed LOVE THY NEIGHBOUR? Britain's friendliest, and least friendly, cities revealed... so where does YOURS rank? News Pictured the lost tribe Remarkable pics show untouched Amazon tribe shaking spears at photographer's plane in first sighting in a year News Video CLOSE ENCOUNTER UFO hurtles past International Space Station in video alien hunters are hailing as proof of extraterrestrial… News Video who needs fireworks? Disney announces new Christmas drone show to light up the skies this winter News 'THE DEVIL' ON TRIAL Shocking case of HIV-infected monster who had sex with 104 women and girls as a 'cleansing ritual' News Most Popular 'she's a heroin addict?!' Jeremy Kyle viewers shocked by looks of escort who’s been on smack for NINE YEARS Living shooting her SELFIE in the foot Woman gets caught cheating after sexting a saucy pic to her fella... who spots her boss'… Living ALL GROWN UP Remember Diversity’s little Perri Kiely? Well's he's all grown up and he's got a six-pack to die for Living Exclusive HANGOVER: PART ROO Wayne Rooney to be stripped of England captaincy with international career at risk after boozy wedding Football Exclusive Red red Wayne Boozy Wayne Rooney is almost too drunk to stand as he's pictured with two women after gatecrashing wedding… Football WTF ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz CYBER ATTACK Three Mobile hacked by thieves who stole hundreds of phones... putting 9m customers' personal data at risk News 'I'm a paedo, i'm not a monster' One-armed 'virtuous paedophile' reveals he is not ashamed of being sexually attracted to… Living A MOTHER'S GUILT Daughter confronts mum who filmed her being raped by her own father 20 years ago when she was 13 News Pictured no BLURRED tan LINES Emily Ratajkowski goes topless as she pulls her swimsuit down to her waist TV & Showbiz Pictured REVVED UP ROO Wayne Rooney gives thumbs-up as he arrives for Manchester United training following wedding booze storm Football Exclusive 'sex in the pool and condoms on floor' Woman reveals the horror of her Thomas Cook holiday from hell in Cyprus Living THE SILENT KILLER Pancreatic cancer is one of the deadliest forms of the disease - but do YOU know the signs to watch for? Living 'Warm, generous and strong' Actress who starred in Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty kills herself in hotel room while on modelling… News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
facebook twitter instagram youtube ios android rss Network Stations Live on Change 93.7 FM Boston 105.5 FM Springfield 1440 AM Worcester 103.7 FM Providence Shows Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley Thornography Mustard & Johnson Network Stations Program Schedule ESPN on WEEI Kirk & Callahan   K&C - People are rooting for Donald Trump to fail 11-17-16 Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Christian Fauria says "Posse up!" 11-17-16 Dale & Holley   2016 AL Cy Young Award Winner Rick Porcello with Dale, Holley and Thornton Weekend Shows   Real Postgame Show - Glenn can't get bent out of shape on the late non-call against Gronk - 11/14/16 Enough About Me   Ep. 40: Jerry Thornton Get in touch with WEEI 93.7 FM Phone: 617-779-7937    Text: 37937    Red Sox Rob Bradford John Tomase Full Count blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Red Sox Radio Network Tickets Mike Petraglia Featured Story Day to remember: Rick Porcello gets his award, Kate Upton doesn't get her... by Rob Bradford Latest Blog Posts Mookie Betts comes up just short for American League MVP,... Hot Stove Show: John Farrell talks contract, managing DH... Latest Columns Would you rather have Mookie Betts or Mike Trout? It's become a v... Why Red Sox might want to rethink not making Edwin Encarnacion an offs... Latest Audio 2016 AL Cy Young Winner Rick Porcello Hot Stove Show - Debating the MVP Race between Mookie Betts... Patriots Christopher Price It Is What It Is blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Tickets Mike Petraglia Ryan Hannable John Tomase Featured Story Patriots more prepared to play without Rob Gronkowski than ever before by Ryan Hannable Latest Blog Posts Nate Solder’s absence from Patriots practice not injury... Patriots CB Cyrus Jones reflects on ‘up-and-down’ rookie... Latest Columns Patriots’ responses to late-season losses have traditionally tested ch... Upcoming schedule will help Patriots defense in short-term, but could... Nov 20 SF NE Latest Audio Real Postgame Show - Glenn can't get bent out of shape on... Real Postgame Show - Glenn can't get bent out of shape on... Celtics Green Street blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Roster Tickets Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Soft Celtics need a hard message from their quiet coach by Mike Petraglia Latest Blog Posts Kevin Durant on animosity for snubbing Celtics: ‘What can... Isaiah Thomas continues to bail Celtics out as rest of team... Latest Columns Celtics rookie Jaylen Brown is real deal, but not for reasons you migh... Statue of liberty dunks, media disrespect, and a relentless will have... @8:00 PM Bos GS Latest Audio Celtics Season Preview - Brought to you by JBL, 10-26-16 Celtics Season Preview Bruins DJ Bean Ty Anderson Big Bad Blog Team Page Audio Schedule Statistics Tickets Scott McLaughlin Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Reacting to the Tuukka Rask reaction by DJ Bean Latest Blog Posts 5 Things We Learned as Bruins fall to Wild on last-minute... Bruins, down David Pastrnak, go for road trip sweep against... Latest Columns New NHL schedule makes it impossible to develop real rivalries Brad Marchand: From cocky kid, to party animal, to NHL superstar Final Min 1 Bos 0 Latest Audio Bruins Cast - B's missing offense but manage back-to-back... Bruins Cast - B's drop third straight in NY, frustration... National The Mashup blog College Blog NFL MLB NBA NHL Auto Racing NCAA Football MLS - Revolution Golf Tennis MLB Projecting the Domino Effect If MLB's Biggest 2016 Hot... Updating the Hottest Questions of the 2016-2017 MLB... NFL Matt Miller's Week 11 NFL Scouting Notebook: DeShaun Watson... NFL Kickers Fascinate, Infuriate and Have Some Wondering If... NBA Michael Jordan Comments on Russell Westbrook's Loyalty to... Bulls vs. Jazz: Score, Highlights, Reaction from 2016... NHL NHL Trade Rumors: Latest on Andrew Hammond, Islanders'... Stock Watch for Goalies Battling for Starting Spots in the... More National Sports Audio Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley WEEI at Night Weekend Shows Podcasts Enough About Me Podcast New Age Insiders Podcast Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Latest Audio  Late Night with Christian Arcand (Ft. Rear Admiral) Hour 2... Late Night with Christian Arcand (Ft. Rear Admiral) Hour 1 2016 AL Cy Young Award Winner Rick Porcello with Dale,... 2016 AL Cy Young Award Winner Rick Porcello with Dale,... A little roasting of Jerry Thornton on his way out of the... Popular Audio  K&C - Gerry had the most painful day of his life; Chris... K&C - Donald Trump has made people go insane; Gerry and Kirk... Latest Podcast  Boston Sports 101 - Breaking the Curse K&C Recap Show - Minihane away, McNamara stories in play 11-17-16 Video All Video Original Video Patriots Red Sox Celtics Bruins Jimmy Fund WEEI on YouTube ESPN Boston Video Latest Videos Devin McCourty says only thing to calm fans is to play better Devin McCourty recalls Colin Kaepernick winning 2012 game vs. Patriots » VIEW MORE Latest From ESPN Boston Featuring the latest Red Sox, Celtics, Patriots, and Bruins videos » WATCH NOW Connect WEEI Live app WEEI Email Newsletters Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram Mobile WEEI.com RSS Center Podcast Center Download the WEEI Live App Subscribe to WEEI's daily newsletter <p>Your browser does not support iframes.</p> Twitter For an official list of WEEI radio hosts and writers on twitter, click here. Follow the station @WEEI Facebook Like WEEI, and the shows, on facebook by clicking here. Station Contests Station Events Community Events Larry Johnson Cartoons Jimmy Fund Radiothon Get My Perks Daily Deal My Email Offers Press Room Contact Us Purchase a $50 eGift Card at JCPenney, get an additional... Station Events Miller Lite at Cask n Flagon... Fri, 11/18/2016 5:30 pm Whole Foods Jam the Van with... Fri, 11/18/2016 1pm-3pm » More Events Contests Win Big Y Gift Cards! Enter here for your chance to grab a $10 gift card to Big Y! 2 lucky winners will be upgraded to win a $80 gift card! Check out Big Y's... Kovalev vs. Ward Signed Glove/Custom Belt Enter to win an autographed boxing glove signed by both Andre Ward and Sergey Kovalev or a limited... » More Contests NFL New England Patrio.. Bill Belichick Tom Brady Seattle Seahawks Super Bowl Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter   WEEI>On Demand>>NFL Sunday -- Tanguay and Price discuss the offensive gameplan in Arizona tonight -- 9-11-16 Tweet Subscribe Download Share NFL Sunday -- Tanguay and Price discuss the offensive gameplan in Arizona tonight -- 9-11-16 Sep 11, 2016| Tanguay and Price get into the Pats not being able to rely on the weapon that is Gronk tonight. So what do they do? They talk about Belichick always having some type of plan. Tanguay thinks the running game is the key and is looking for LeGarrette Blount to contribute. You Might Like Transcript - Not for consumer use. Robot overlords only. Will not be accurate. We base these NFL Sunday night on Sports Radio WEEI. Presented by cup plans key insurance fed cup play asking insurance they shot so UC and come let's keep dot com. And brought to you by Anderson a quick lead architect tool moment. By Boston Volkswagen. And by AT&T. NFL Sunday with Gary can't wait Chris price and Tom curry on the whole album next that's coverage Sports Radio Della you. We EI. They're both Sunday and going up people. Game number one of the dead tonight Arizona. Moret joins us coming up at 630 few games he has here. I hate. What he's doing Kool Aid field gates. Proved their people out there who don't like field gates I hate fear gates and a tire wise. Young he's too talented he's raked in handsome as hell yeah. I mean. And really good he's real he's a star you give me ours is all you give me a hard time for for dressing the way do you know buster yeah probably prep there it's you know that's the guy who we should be well I mean outlook opening few weeks. Not a hippie. They compare Berkett stocks. Well immediately he's he's great. If that's actually the past I've met him pertinent that there to see that the it department rebuke blow yet admired my wife hazard I've nothing to do but I met Emmitt and it's like an airport beat him up when he introduced its dynamic. And you'll like this tigress in my scenario Europe the colonists you're you're gonna bypassed me in like six used to call him should be gone after gates. But I do icu looks great and ESP NIC mole Wendy nix. And and he and he like Sox yeah I mean he's hang on. I mean obviously. Okay that's great I'm 52 year old it's in the use like I need to lose 120 pounds and the Kansas kit along. Who knows more than who's better looking than me a nice kid he's a nice case just don't know. He's he's he's American anyways he tries so pale what you wish not a real quick before glued going to further the sixth grade wells the youth football team number assistant coach BB Natick today 29 to six. By me and nor price brand wrap retrieve very. Great performances or anybody else is oh well no I probably got its exact market cassettes I write exactly can I and my wife my wife Kate does the minimal collateral to associate and assistant coaches records though it is it is a bit ago. Good job it's chipped it. Get to the NFL's zero men and Tyree comfort us that's what seven service have a nice of an idea through seven. Welcome to the program NFL Sunday we're talking about gronkowski and if you have any thoughts in this game that we are gonna get it to a more forty x.s and most common. But I'm telling you right now and I'm looking at the text. 617. Severance have a nice of an addict who says there's a phone number 37 nights of the text this is from the for a loan or 13. In this guy's history that McLaughlin wants to play the patriots are keeping him out. Sir ma'am where you'll aren't you could not be more roll. Rob Gronkowski determines when he plays. Period. Now last year he only missed the game we thought was analysts miss Mort that ended one final quarter missing after the race had something to him speak I know tonne sit. We need that guy I know that's what happened you only got picking get. Gronkowski to play is Brady. That's it. He feels the team screwed him over a couple of years ago that he was rushed back. He doesn't trust them that's the bottom line and now it's coming back to bite the patriots in the bought. That's what they have and that's the risk you run and I'm not saying that the patriots are the only team that does it just happens across the NFL and I know that they do work and concussions. There working on the painkillers are working and keeping guys healthy. But there is still in the NFL pressured to play. And if you don't play you'll lose your job. Now croc he's never gonna lose his job over some rockets gonna lose his job when he gets her in he can't play anymore at all. And don't just say I'd lie I still look I as the go back to affect noticeably talked about the segment before I think that they've robbed use. Treated differently than the rest to evoke they would get look at it if I can do so go to find anyone else in the locker room a bookie with that he's the public sees you with it all ended right now. You can make an argument for him going into all the yeah I mean if it ended today for gronkowski in. I agree with you is I think the patriots have got their money's worth it because we were just recapping it. Second round pick 42 overall Arizona had a bad back. Teams weren't touch him because of the back and look at everything the patriots have gotten from. I think it's awesome he's not soft anybody can beat people calling sought the. Ridiculous. He's a businessman. And he's a bit and he's one of the few businessman. In shoulder pads and has the leverage. Over the patriot and I think this week when you're going to see. Obviously more Martellus. Going into this one. This week we're gonna similar to he's got to play more on it and think that just makes the most sense and it I think also it's a public that we're gonna see more. Yeah I. I think been in I don't know if he saw this it may be disputed seas the key play hardball round dismissed someone else after gras went down in you'd be an orchestra when abilities maybe but I do think we are going to see like we talked to Tom I think one of the things that it is going to happen tonight. The Petrie to to be more inclined to play ball control. The could be more inclined to run the ball I think this attempt to be cutting the program leader blood comes out of this thing with 22. Series for. A 105 yards in two touched I just this is in a perfect world for the beefed up to throw that out the window if Arizona comes out it is up by fourteen points in the third quarter. You know that that all it is it's all political context but the same time. I think this is going to be waiting game workouts you know. I love me some Garrett one I've always been a fan of him here. I love the guy and I think he's going to be huge today I also think that I just went back to Bennett from an. I ticked at this is a great opportunity for Bennett because. From what I've read it from what I understand. He's a little quirky. I mean he's an any has the potential to be temperamental little bet he's a Smart guy he's a very slowly so well read guy he's a Smart guy he's very verbal quirky is a great we Corky whatever I find him very entertaining and I find it compelling. But I also think that here's a guy you know when you come in and you play from rock and a few and market some touches back to be hard. Now I know that last year's numbers went down like Tiki and he catches a year before they but the fifty last year. Chicago we also played in five to. It's it's also playing with Jay Cutler you know could lock. Okay fine. So I think that I think panic if you can keep Jimmy upright. I think that it could be a monster over these aren't as long as raucous yeah I agree I mean I think he can be a mosque where he comes out aces. I'm going to be the guy now from what I understand you're down there every day. Crockett Vatican along beat duke. And that's big you know that it's like I gotta pick up my guy I'm gonna pick a rocking you know the great thing about crock you know he's root like hell for that. I mean that's the it is that's degrading about I think that it could be a monster tonight's game if Jimmy space opera. Well I think the you bring up a really good point with Bennett because soon. And not just you know he's he's on the cusp of having a good year. But I think that this is an opportunity form he's a free agent after the season plus you had so you're going into a really key years and so when you start to put together that. You know the food chain in you understand it gronkowski Natalie and are at the top of the food chain in every field kind of flows from them. I think if you're Martellus Bennett you have an opportunity tonight. Maybe you'll BB next week of course you know to work yourself into the degrees of the quarterback that we saw. Over the course the pre season. Rob Lowe likes to use the tightest. He goes Steve he would debate it more often than not know whether that part of the checked out whether that's part of funeral whatever context or repetitive. I think again he has an opportunity tonight to beat really distinguish himself as Jimmy grapple with the went targets or get look I understand it all starts meddling in gronkowski there's no Gradkowski there we don't know about the relation department of crop low. But I think Bennett as a chance tonight to get more targets in get off to a good start. It if gronkowski was up. All right 617 severance of an accident he threw seven and a guy that's gonna know is forty coming up these kind gonna to have a ten minutes. So this is actually good time for us and actually happy that mystical five pizza is coming on the event that he'd like on that place of why you. What we used to do was show when he was on a polls Sunday that we used to go to his cleats or B Johnson's yet when he was in the bar does yeah when he in the bar business I don't know if he's moved his ownership from mr. wiesel over to coal fired pizza but I don't know but it was forty days Texaco worked out well because if there's anybody and I can tell us what's going on with. The tighter positions forty. Us six or seven summits and nights and a 937. If you want to jump on board here BC's NFL Sunday scary time increase price. Let's. Rep Marty in Rhode Island Marty Europe on W media. Here you like. To hear what I do. Why. Because I think that when he wants to play he can BA beast. We have seen him play well for this team in the post season not necessarily my issue with you before and I quite for a and I think they're gonna Needham. I think they're gonna need a minute he's not need computers. I'll be I don't know what but but he is well hold on you is what he is right now there is no better back in the that we talked about using stats but stats always have to be put some sort of context. There's no better back for this office when he talked about running a four minute often talked about you know kind of would would cordial and used to do fundamentally. I guess I do yes yes. I think you'll have over a hundred yards all purpose. If you're over fifty yards running. And I'll come on Marty T. Yeah I understand that Marty Marty they run more dime packages and Arizona than anyone else in week six defense of back in the opportunity is going to be there for the patriots run the football and it. The opportunity is going to be there for the teachers are of the football and it. Do you think you're gonna sit back in who they don't want Rockwood of Needham and get them or would you think picketed in particular spot. And there are going to be buffalo beat him and they are not don't let anybody on the. But no ability to be run a lot of sixty cents a backs out there and are graded. They do a lot more blitzing that a lot of other teams do that's just Bruce and approach but they're not gonna blow the they're not gonna try to load the box and I can tell nobody got between offered one out. It's in your long night. Well we don't disagree with that me Marty go but what Marty party yacht party and I'm not I'm not disagreeing we view in the in that respect but Arizona I think still pleased to their strengths. Which is to say that they are the every birds' secondary to have very good coverage guys in to take some of those covered guys off the field at the expense of an extra defensive lineman or linebacker doesn't make any sense. So I. Agassi or get this straight you're you'd think compared want integrate back to. It's a good back I sit. Good back I look I I said I love the curable with this team and he's not Egypt Peterson not Corey Dylan and they're in I'm not going there. But I think that he's a good back and I'm glad and people will sell it in short they say don't ever count out would Garret blunt he's not going to be. Only eighteen depict Iran only unit martyrdom. Declared wavered in Pittsburgh nobody wanted to get. You know why Marty because this is the only team he plays hard for he likes Belichick and it works here. Thanks local calls Stephen holier Europe on WEEI. NFL Sunday. Tirade dormant beast not. Connect say two things Shuler. First of all. I think the commissioner of hate groups that are for the apartment. And I think. I don't think Belichick can get beat twice spike quote Jerry in and one Wal-Mart they're not I think oh let's not go grab course and all that stuff. I don't like. I think they're playing commissioners. By acting like it maybe we can a lot of spots. So they're faking injuries to fool the commissioner. I think that is what all right there in disarray. And well I think they are in disarray I don't think they're a meat to it. And as eggs. They're not obviously Belichick hasn't patrolman they knew what they're doing bought. When it as far as that a Bill Belichick team. I would say yes they are and of the leaders in this direct point on this though Brady is brought in general Brigham vote wrote in Arizona and also it's not a deal yet. It's not ideal. On one break they have is it's an NFC team it's an NFC team that the two went. Lost in this talked about this without the shall this is he really good defense. Are we cannot be better off looking so maybe we differentiate we see it looked. I offensively. During a bit of added their bit of a mystery they're they're going to back up quarterback you don't have either tackle they don't have their most dynamic running back. In but you look at what they bring the defensive side of the ball there's a reason it's only national writers and the GB content to win defense of the year are the Butler is what he has Logan it is woody if that's a really good defense that the patriots bring it to dispute they're gonna have to derelict and and a good have to win this game. For for for New England but. We're we're we're kind of the site of maybe some big picture after when he talked about this this is a really good team with a defense. I don't think that they're going to win however. If Carson Palmer threw two interceptions that resulted in fourteen points for the patriots in the patriots won by a few goal I would not be surprised a little. That would not surprise me and I don't think that anybody should say that that's crazy because that can happen. I you know I think what we all agree is is Jimmy grapple is not that'll like things up. When you talk about. What Gary applaud how does he get a hundred all purpose yards. I would think grace the screen passes got to commend like yeah yeah we get some yards after the catch whether it's the Garrett or whether it's James White. You look debts. And we talked about this before the idea of things carry over from last year statistical. Models and patterns carry over from last year I think some of it does I think it's also important river didn't like we said before. Arizona still good against the run but they do play an awful lot of defensive backs that when their strength to do good job and at the passer and interest in which it would Jones does. Their strength is their pass defense the last ten games to 2015 season that's including a post season the cardinals allowed a hundred or more yards rushing five times. In six game allowed 99 yards the last three games the last regular season game. Playoff games they allowed an average 144 rushing at Purdue. Putting 150 to the painters and UFC championship. A lot of that again is in context because they fell behind early in you know it's called just knew rumble rumble rumble right at the clock. I would not be surprised again beauty keep hammering this through the show. It I think the patriots are going to run the ball with a bit more to make it Beebe where we're used to or blasters so you get to power roads you get multiple tight end sets whether it's Benedict harbored derby whatever the counselor and he Devlin yet. You you you try you bang the ball up in there again if you had if you able to keep it close. All bets are lost if they fall by literally drop looked to pick him you know they'd be around when backcourt but if they're able to keep it close they're gonna run the football. I've called Barry's sandwich your opponent until Sunday. On WEEI. I don't guys would have Barry. They don't cook perspective that the you know on the market it sucks pretty doubtful for game it is but it is. But that knowledge and so lining and I'm looking at this. Well have been fortunate because we get dispute the future grants. Palestinian find out how good this guy is without something like that happen. Well I'd rather see him in practice to be honest review and thanks for the phone call we've heard that a lot bury me we've we've talked about that but that is definitely. Looking for the bright side. Now I think it has become if Jimmy plays well they can trade him so it's gone from easy the quarterback of the future. 20 geez you know if you looks decent because the NFL is just loaded with absolutely horrendous quarterbacks. The patriots could get a first round pick form in fassel's. Iraq Maria if he goes 31 in doesn't ball over yet to speak righted he's able to got to keep this thing up right in hand with the Brady in week five. You can make an argument based on the quarterbacking plea that's out there right now guys are gonna be free agents in the group of quarterbacks were set to come into the league in 2017 got to college. You could probably get a second round now reverend we did albeit with Ryan -- in what they could differ right now and it turned out to be a pipe dream you know was the seventh round a conditional seventh round. I think the situation. If it has potential to be better we've got a drop below it it did move right. Or even tonight for example the patriots lose. But drop below hangs in the pocket remains points. Passes all the tests that he is an NFL quarterback. Back in and of itself. He's going to raise his market value or at least maintain what a few looks like traverse and are you kidding me. Are you kidding me and what if he will be ecstatic you know what if he comes out and perform like Trevor of people and and unfortunately. He's been labeled with that well if so drop it 250 overall can do elected Jimmy do idiotic to as were were kind of set the bar low here. I sense more and more that over the course the disease has no law where it's what will the winner with with drop below it's like goals on if he could walk and -- over the same time Bryant will be popular BB were welcome to the Carolina game and I think again you know we I that was that was not the best way different embassies now because obviously it's the third pre season game and it's a good defense ruling will wait a minute commute a good the first two games. I thought he did anyways and Carolina game you were terrible. So why should we expect anything. While whole framing other then just don't mess that up when things start to kind of speed up an expert team went in the start attacking from different angles. It's a little bit more talent than it is okay this is at a post on it WTI present like to play asking ensures broadcasting live from investors to use carry tegra Chris price. Worries coming up at 630 RW media. News & Analysis Recommended Columns Blogs Teams + Ryan Hannable11/17/16 10:03 am EST Patriots more prepared to play [..] - Ryan Hannable11/17/16 10:03 am EST Patriots more prepared to play without Rob Gronkowski than ever before With Rob Gronkowski missing Wednesday's practice with a chest injury and reportedly [..] + Rob Bradford11/17/16 01:21 am EST Day to remember: Rick Porcello [..] - Rob Bradford11/17/16 01:21 am EST Day to remember: Rick Porcello gets his award, Kate Upton doesn't get her [..] "Everything that drowns me makes me wanna fly." This is the saying that greets [..] + Christopher Price11/16/16 03:50 pm EST Patriots’ responses to [..] - Christopher Price11/16/16 03:50 pm EST Patriots’ responses to late-season losses have traditionally tested [..] FOXBORO — Every season is different. Every team is different. But if the last few [..] + Rob Bradford11/16/16 09:14 am EST Would you rather have Mookie Betts [..] - Rob Bradford11/16/16 09:14 am EST Would you rather have Mookie Betts or Mike Trout? It's become a very real [..] I asked two scouts the same question: "Who would you rather have for the next five [..] + Ryan Hannable11/15/16 10:43 pm EST Upcoming schedule will help [..] - Ryan Hannable11/15/16 10:43 pm EST Upcoming schedule will help Patriots defense in short-term, but could [..] What's wrong with the Patriots defense? Where are the sacks? Where are the turnovers? Is [..] + DJ Bean11/15/16 09:39 am EST Reacting to the Tuukka Rask [..] - DJ Bean11/15/16 09:39 am EST Reacting to the Tuukka Rask reaction The "Tuukka Rask is actually good, after all" columns have been written over [..] + Big Bad Blog11/17/16 10:55 pm EST 5 Things We Learned as Bruins fall [..] - Big Bad Blog11/17/16 10:55 pm EST 5 Things We Learned as Bruins fall to Wild on last-minute goal A meeting between the goaltenders with the league's best and second-best mark [..] + Full Count11/17/16 08:57 pm EST Mookie Betts comes up just short [..] - Full Count11/17/16 08:57 pm EST Mookie Betts comes up just short for American League MVP, loses to Mike Trout Mookie Betts will have to wait his turn. The Red Sox outfielder finished second [..] + Big Bad Blog11/17/16 07:09 pm EST Bruins, down David Pastrnak, go [..] - Big Bad Blog11/17/16 07:09 pm EST Bruins, down David Pastrnak, go for road trip sweep against Wild Nobody in the NHL has been better away from home than the Bruins. The start to [..] + Big Bad Blog11/17/16 06:30 pm EST Marc Savard on career-ending hit: [..] - Big Bad Blog11/17/16 06:30 pm EST Marc Savard on career-ending hit: ‘I don’t know what’s wrong here, but I’m dying. I can’t see anything’ These days, Marc Savard collects paychecks from the New Jersey Devils. Last [..] + It Is What It Is11/17/16 05:03 pm EST Nate Solder’s absence from [..] - It Is What It Is11/17/16 05:03 pm EST Nate Solder’s absence from Patriots practice not injury related, 4 players limited FOXBORO - The Patriots had two players miss practice on Thursday, but only [..] + It Is What It Is11/17/16 04:02 pm EST Patriots CB Cyrus Jones reflects [..] - It Is What It Is11/17/16 04:02 pm EST Patriots CB Cyrus Jones reflects on ‘up-and-down’ rookie season FOXBORO - It hasn't been the smoothest of rookie seasons for Patriots [..] + Red Sox11/17/16 01:21 am EST Day to remember: Rick Porcello [..] - Red Sox11/17/16 01:21 am EST Day to remember: Rick Porcello gets his award, Kate Upton doesn't get her way "Everything that drowns me makes me wanna fly." This is the saying that greets all [..] + Red Sox 11/16/16 09:14 am EST Would you rather have Mookie Betts [..] - Red Sox 11/16/16 09:14 am EST Would you rather have Mookie Betts or Mike Trout? It's become a very real conversation I asked two scouts the same question: "Who would you rather have for the next five [..] + Patriots11/17/16 10:03 am EST Patriots more prepared to play [..] - Patriots11/17/16 10:03 am EST Patriots more prepared to play without Rob Gronkowski than ever before With Rob Gronkowski missing Wednesday's practice with a chest injury and reportedly being [..] + Patriots 11/16/16 03:50 pm EST Patriots’ responses to [..] - Patriots 11/16/16 03:50 pm EST Patriots’ responses to late-season losses have traditionally tested championship character FOXBORO — Every season is different. Every team is different. But if the last few years [..] + Bruins11/15/16 09:39 am EST Reacting to the Tuukka Rask [..] - Bruins11/15/16 09:39 am EST Reacting to the Tuukka Rask reaction The "Tuukka Rask is actually good, after all" columns have been written over and [..] + Celtics11/10/16 10:54 pm EST Soft Celtics need a hard message [..] - Celtics11/10/16 10:54 pm EST Soft Celtics need a hard message from their quiet coach WALTHAM - Brad Stevens needs to grab hold of his team - and now. The team is just seven games [..] Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter Network Stations Our station affiliates for original programming and game broadcasts: » WEEI Network Stations » Red Sox Radio Network WEEI Features Check out great daily deals with potential savings of more than 50%! » My Email Offers » WEEI Events » Community Events WEEI Mobile Access WEEI.com on your mobile device anytime, anywhere. Get the details. » WEEI Live App » Mobile Alerts from WEEI » Podcast WEEI Daily Mashup Sign up to receive WEEI's Daily Mashup Newsletter to have Boston sports news, audio on demand, LJ Cartoons and the Perks Daily Deal delivered to your inbox. Contests Compete in the WEEI Pro Football Pick'em Challenge for a chance to win $100 weekly prizes and the $2,000 grand prize. Click here to register and make your picks! Advertise With Us We will uncover your marketing needs, establish a reasonable budget and deliver results. Click here to advertise with us » Preferred Sponsors Facebook & Twitter Are you on facebook? Click here to view the WEEI facebook page and become a fan! You can also follow us on Twitter by visiting our page & subscribing to our RSS feed. WEEI Newsletters WEEI offers a variety of email newsletter subscriptions for Clubhouse Insiders. Check out our list of newsletters offerings here. Clubhouse Insider Join our exclusive listener club for access to the WEEI Stream, your chance to win great prizes, and to receive WEEI Newsletters. - Already a member? Log-in Whine of the Week Click here to listen to the past winners of the Whine of the Week and vote every Thursday night starting at 7pm for a chance to win prizes! WEEI Podcast Center Visit our Podcenter to subscribe to your favorite WEEI shows, Boston teams, and even the Whiner Line!. WEEI.com Partners WEEI will uncover your business’ marketing need, establish a reasonable budget with you to invest that will deliver results. » Preferred Sponsors LEEINKS Blog This blog is one-stop link shopping from Rob Bradford & Company. It is the hottest videos, stories, and rumors from around the web. Check it out.   Privacy Policy | EEO Public Files:Boston - Providence - Springfield - Worcester | Jobs | Contact us | Partners & Sponsors | Contest Rules | Community Events | Advertise with us | Press Room | Entercom | Stations | Site Map | Copyright Notice | Image Use | Terms of Use | Public Inspection File   Copyright © 2016 Entercom Boston, LLC All Rights Reserved.  
null
Sections Search the print archives Sections This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com News GTA School bus woes expose a persistent problem: Keenan Fewer parents and children remain affected by the shortage of school bus drivers, but the problem isn’t solved yet. School bus drivers are typically paid only a little more than minimum wage, and they work only a few hours a day on a split shift. No wonder there is a lot of churn in the driver employee pool.  (Colin McConnell / Toronto Star file photo)   Toronto Star columnist Ed Keenan and his children Irene, 7, Mary, 4, and Colum, 10, were among the many families affected by this year's school bus scramble.   (Vince Talotta / Toronto Star) | Order this photo   By Edward KeenanColumnist Sun., Sept. 18, 2016 Going into week three of the school year, the two major school boards in Toronto still have not solved their bus problems. If you missed it, they — and thousands of the students who travel to and from school on board-contracted buses — were shocked to find, on the first day of school, that there were not enough drivers to serve all the routes in the city. Students and their parents found this out, for the most part, by standing outside waiting for buses that came up to an hour late, or never came at all. In the first week, boards were scrambling, and information on when or if buses were coming was difficult to come by. More than a week later, getting the problem solved was still a work in progress: the Toronto District School Board reported about 685 of their students remained directly affected (about half as many as the previous week), while the Toronto Catholic District School Board said 1,297 students remained affected (down from 1,569). New drivers completing training are entering the pool of available drivers. Some parents have been given temporary revised bus schedules for their schools, as some buses cover multiple routes. My own children’s morning bus, for example, is now scheduled to pick them up 15 minutes after the school day begins, so they arrive in their classrooms a little under half an hour late. That’s not a good situation, obviously, but at least the information allows us to plan on taking our kids directly to school on time rather than relying on the bus and being frustrated. “Next week it is going to get better on a daily basis, and it is my hope that by the week after that we’ll be down to isolated cases,” TDSB spokesperson Ryan Bird said. While waiting for regular service to resume, there are no routes without any service at all, Bird says — if parents call to alert the bus consortium that a student is waiting, a bus will eventually be sent. Article Continued Below In the meantime, I’ve heard from lots of people — parents, school bus drivers, company owners, and others — about the problem, and about who is to blame. I heard a lot that these types of basic reliability problems —though exceptionally widespread and evident in past weeks — are not new, something that matches my own six years of experience with the school busing of my own kids. Buses will regularly not show up, or show up more than 15 or 20 minutes late, and when that happens — often in the dead of winter — schools and bus companies will seldom be able to warn you that anything is amiss or give you information about when to expect a bus to come. What this start-of-the-year driver shortage has exposed in dramatic fashion is a longer-term persistent problem: the service thousands of children depend upon to safely and regularly get them safely to and from school, and one around which school boards advise parents to plan their workdays and child care arrangements, is reliably unreliable, and is usually an information vacuum. Many of the drivers and industry people who spoke to me suggested one key problem is money, especially the wages of drivers. They are typically paid only a little more than minimum wage, and they work only a few hours a day, on a weird split shift. A driver has to drive in Toronto rush hour traffic, while trying to control a vehicle filled with fist-fighting 11-year-olds and screaming 4-year-olds who won’t stay in their seats, and deal with parents angry when buses are late. This means that there is a lot of churn in the driver employee pool that causes problems. Kevin Hodgkinson, the manager who oversees the bus contractors for both the Catholic and public school boards in Toronto, told me last week that the boards had recognized this problem and tried to account for it by paying more to allow higher wages in its most recent contract. Nonetheless, “they’re competing with Tim Hortons and Walmart and those other sorts of part-time jobs,” he said of bus company recruitment. “You really have to be a dedicated person to be a school bus driver, and that’s part of the problem — we have a lot of bus drivers who start the route, and two days later say: ‘Not for me.’” Another thing that came up a lot were complaints about the competitive bidding process the province demands all boards use, which creates chaos whenever new companies take over — which is what happened this year in Toronto. Unions and independent bus company owners say this process leads to fundamental instability, in transferring routes to new companies that need to scale up, throwing reliable drivers from losing companies out of work, and also forcing everyone involved to adopt a lowest-bid, bare-bones approach. Responding to this line of thought, Hodgkinson said Toronto’s boards have been using this process for 15 years without this kind of major incident before. To some of my other, longer-standing complaints, Hodgkinson himself suggests resources are an issue: GPS tracking of buses that would make information available to parents and schools is possible, because all buses now have units in them to allow it. But that’s on the “to-do list,” he says. “Things like that are coming up, we don’t have the luxury of doing right away.” There’s a common thread here: money. It appears that a provincial education ministry and its school boards — who are always proud to proclaim a lockdown when a stranger looks at a school sideways or declare zero-tolerance for roughhousing because safety of kids is a priority — has consistently decided to cheap out when it comes to finding reliable drivers to carry kids to and from school, or even providing information about where the buses they’re driving are. Perhaps that’s the politics of this. I heard from plenty of other people who said there’s no reason buses should carry my kids to school at all; that I should get off my lazy duff and take them myself. Which is, of course, what I have been doing these past two weeks. And fair enough. But not everyone is in the position I’m in — for some people with disabilities, for instance, this service is more of a necessity than a luxury. Beyond that, the debate about whether the service should be provided is a sideline. The fact is the service is provided. Parents are told they can plan around its being there. And when it is provided inconsistently and poorly, it not only undermines my confidence in the ability of the schools to do other important things I might not be able to observe as directly, but also disrupts people’s lives, and puts the safety and educational achievement of the kids in jeopardy. The provincial minister of education, the school board trustees and the managers in charge should fix this, and answer for it. And the voters and taxpayers they depend on should ensure they do. Edward Keenan writes on city issues ekeenan@thestar.ca . Follow: @thekeenanwire The Morning Headlines NewsletterDelivered daily to your inbox. Sign up More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 9°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Three NBA teams won’t stay at Trump hotels this season Bucks attempted to cancel reservations at Chicago’s Trump International Tower and Hotel in preseason and staying elsewhere for their other two games against Bulls. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: U.S. Election Trump Fact Check Blue Jays Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2016 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Login Profile RSS Feed About Us & Contact Us Mobile Tablet Browse Archives Front Page News Court News Obituaries Sports Editorial Letters to the Editor Outdoors Religion & Family Happenings Education Photo Galleries Videos Forms     Birth Form Engagement Form Wedding Form Obituary Form Lake Survey Photo Reprint Request Candidate Questionnaire Place a Classified Anniversary Form Marketplace Real Estate Public Notices Classifieds Display Classifieds Advertiser Index 2016-09-15 / Obituaries Tweet Print Theodore Richard Potter Houghton Lake resident Theodore Richard Potter, 80, died Sept. 11, 2016, at Munson Healthcare Grayling Hospital. A service will be held today (Thurs­day) at 11 a.m. at Christler Funeral Home, Houghton Lake Chapel, with the Rev. Bryan Thompson officiating. Visi­tation is from 10 a.m. until the time of service. Memorial contributions may be made to Munson Hospice. He was born in Charlevoix Dec. 28, 1935, the son of Richard and Christine (Klooster) Potter. He grew up in the Charlevoix area, graduating from Char­levoix High School in 1953. He served in the U.S. Army from 1959 to 1961. He was employed as a factory worker in Charlevoix and worked as a Schwan’s salesman in East Jordan and in the Gay­lord area. When he moved to Houghton Lake in 1994, he worked at Walmart for several years. He and Doris Marie Anthony were united in marriage Aug. 27, 1977, in East Jordan. He enjoyed playing softball in the Petoskey and Charlevoix area and was an avid golfer. He also kept busy with woodworking. Preceding him in death were his par­ents and five siblings. Surviving Mr. Potter are his wife of 39 years, Doris Marie Potter of Hough­ton Lake; daughters, Debbie Woodward of Charlevoix and Jackie (James) Tow­sley of Charlevoix; sons, Kevin Potter of Charlevoix and Keith (Kristen) Potter of Grand Rapids; 16 grandchildren; one great-grandchild; three stepsons, Alan Rolls of Florida, Thomas (Barb) Rolls of Houghton Lake and Richard (Amy) Rolls of Harrison; stepdaughter, Janice McNeill of Houghton Lake; brother, Robert Potter of Charlevoix; and several nieces and nephews. Return to top Click here for digital edition Poll Should schools in Michigan have the day off for opening day of firearm deer season? Yes No Newspaper web site content management software and services Copyright © 2006-2016 Houghton Lake Resorter All Rights Reserved
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: How Bad Will Retail Be Hurt by Hanjin's Bankruptcy? This could be the year without Christmas for the industry. Rich Duprey (TMFCop) Sep 18, 2016 at 12:45PM Retailers may end up with a sinking feeling come Christmas if the goods aboard the 100 or so Hanjin ships still at sea can't get to port because it filed for bankruptcy. Image source: Hey Paul via Flickr. The bankruptcy of the world's seventh-largest shipping line, Hanjin Shipping, is creating a crisis for retailers because cargo bound for the U.S. is stuck at sea as the company battles creditors looking to seize its ships. Unless the billions of dollars worth of cargo can make it into U.S. ports and be unloaded, retailers may be plunged into a crisis all their own this Christmas. That sinking feeling Hanjin, which filed for bankruptcy in South Korea, carries nearly 8% of the U.S. market's trans-Pacific trade volume. A U.S. federal bankruptcy judge has (temporarily at least) prevented creditors from seizing Hanjin's ships, allowing them to leave U.S. ports -- a ruling he admitted was made for commercial purposes "to get these vessels moving," but one which the creditors' attorneys slammed as contravening both U.S. and international maritime law. However, the disorderly way in which Hanjin declared bankruptcy has still prevented cargo from being unloaded, with little chance of progress being made in the immediate future. More than 100 ships and their cargoes remain stranded at sea. There are several problems for retailers with Hanjin's bankruptcy, aside from the obvious. August through October are prime shipping months for deep-sea routes, and Hanjin ships stuck at sea and unable to enter ports are beginning to cause traffic jams. Further, some countries that don't abide by U.S. law are seizing ships. China has already seized 10 ships, and other countries are doing the same. Lost at sea Moreover, the loss of Hanjin's services in shipping product from overseas is raising costs. Although other shipping lines like Maersk, China Cosco, CMA CGM, and others were offering additional capacity for trans-Pacific importers, because it is peak season, the Journal of Commerce said Hong Kong-to-Los Angeles spot rates spiked 40% last week, to $1,743 per 40-foot container. The cost of shipping goods from China to East Coast ports rose from $1,700 to $2,400. Hanjin is also reportedly demanding payment in cash to release the goods aboard its ships. Attorneys for consumer electronics giant Yamaha said the situation "could absolutely destroy American businesses." Some of the largest retailers in the U.S., including Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT), J.C. Penney (NYSE:JCP), and Target (NYSE:TGT), all rely upon Hanjin to ship a good portion of their merchandise. The shipper typically carries consumer electronics, clothing, even car parts. Some $14 billion worth of goods is in limbo. While the retailers often use multiple shippers and have contingency plans in place, it doesn't mean they're not without risk. J.C. Penney, for example, has made the introduction of furniture a centerpiece of the next phase in its financial turnaround. In its earnings conference call last month, CEO Marvin Ellison noted that, after adding Ashley Furniture to its regular furniture assortment, its comparable sales enjoyed a 1,500-basis-point improvement.   Contingency plans While J.C. Penney planned ahead when it learned of Hanjin's problems, rerouting much of its merchandise to other shippers, Ashley Furniture was one of those complaining to the bankruptcy judge about the lack of clarity on gaining access to goods on ships that were only leased by Hanjin, not owned by them. This, apparently, is a whole new problem. Target and Wal-Mart, however, have chosen a wait-and-see approach, which indicates they may encounter problems if the situation doesn't clear up. Hanjin's troubles aren't expected to be resolved anytime soon, however, as a week-long Asian holiday has put the matter on hold. With goods adrift at sea, ships being seized if they come into ports, and a challenge to the U.S. judge's order filed immediately after his ruling was issued, retailers may end up with a big lump of coal in their stockings this Christmas. Rich Duprey has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Duprey (TMFCop) Rich has been a Fool since 1998 and writing for the site since 2004. After 20 years of patrolling the mean streets of suburbia, he hung up his badge and gun to take up a pen full time. Having made the streets safe for Truth, Justice and Krispy Kreme donuts, he now patrols the markets looking for companies he can lock up as long-term holdings in a portfolio. So follow me on Facebook and Twitter for the most important industry news in retail and consumer products and other great stories. Follow @RetlInvstrsWire Google+ Article Info Sep 18, 2016 at 12:45PM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $68.97 down $0.22 (-0.32%) Target NYSE:TGT $76.21 up $0.08 (0.11%) J.C. Penney NYSE:JCP $9.44 up $0.01 (0.11%) Read More Why Department Store Stocks Crashed in May Here's Why J C Penney Company Inc Shares Gained 14% in June Better Buy: J. C. Penney Company, Inc. vs. Kohl's J.C. Penney Company Inc in 5 Charts Department Stores Are Still in Trouble Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. How Bad Will Retail Be Hurt by Hanjin's Bankruptcy? The Motley Fool 9/18/2016 Rich Duprey © Provided by Fool Images Retailers may end up with a sinking feeling come Christmas if the goods aboard the 100 or so Hanjin ships still at sea can't get to port because it filed for bankruptcy. Image source: Hey Paul via Flickr. The bankruptcy of the world's seventh-largest shipping line, Hanjin Shipping, is creating a crisis for retailers because cargo bound for the U.S. is stuck at sea as the company battles creditors looking to seize its ships. Unless the billions of dollars worth of cargo can make it into U.S. ports and be unloaded, retailers may be plunged into a crisis all their own this Christmas. That sinking feeling Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 68.74 -0.45 -0.65% JC Penney Co Inc JCP ▲ 9.44 +0.01 +0.11% Target Corp TGT ▲ 76.17 +0.04 +0.05% Hanjin, which filed for bankruptcy in South Korea, carries nearly 8% of the U.S. market's trans-Pacific trade volume. A U.S. federal bankruptcy judge has (temporarily at least) prevented creditors from seizing Hanjin's ships, allowing them to leave U.S. ports -- a ruling he admitted was made for commercial purposes "to get these vessels moving," but one which the creditors' attorneys slammed as contravening both U.S. and international maritime law. However, the disorderly way in which Hanjin declared bankruptcy has still prevented cargo from being unloaded, with little chance of progress being made in the immediate future. More than 100 ships and their cargoes remain stranded at sea. There are several problems for retailers with Hanjin's bankruptcy, aside from the obvious. August through October are prime shipping months for deep-sea routes, and Hanjin ships stuck at sea and unable to enter ports are beginning to cause traffic jams. Further, some countries that don't abide by U.S. law are seizing ships. China has already seized 10 ships, and other countries are doing the same. Lost at sea Moreover, the loss of Hanjin's services in shipping product from overseas is raising costs. Although other shipping lines like Maersk, China Cosco, CMA CGM, and others were offering additional capacity for trans-Pacific importers, because it is peak season, the Journal of Commerce said Hong Kong-to-Los Angeles spot rates spiked 40% last week, to $1,743 per 40-foot container. The cost of shipping goods from China to East Coast ports rose from $1,700 to $2,400. Hanjin is also reportedly demanding payment in cash to release the goods aboard its ships. Attorneys for consumer electronics giant Yamaha said the situation "could absolutely destroy American businesses." Some of the largest retailers in the U.S., including Wal-Mart(NYSE: WMT), J.C. Penney (NYSE: JCP), and Target(NYSE: TGT), all rely upon Hanjin to ship a good portion of their merchandise. The shipper typically carries consumer electronics, clothing, even car parts. Some $14 billion worth of goods is in limbo. While the retailers often use multiple shippers and have contingency plans in place, it doesn't mean they're not without risk. J.C. Penney, for example, has made the introduction of furniture a centerpiece of the next phase in its financial turnaround. In its earnings conference call last month, CEO Marvin Ellison noted that, after adding Ashley Furniture to its regular furniture assortment, its comparable sales enjoyed a 1,500-basis-point improvement.   Contingency plans While J.C. Penney planned ahead when it learned of Hanjin's problems, rerouting much of its merchandise to other shippers, Ashley Furniture was one of those complaining to the bankruptcy judge about the lack of clarity on gaining access to goods on ships that were only leased by Hanjin, not owned by them. This, apparently, is a whole new problem. Target and Wal-Mart, however, have chosen a wait-and-see approach, which indicates they may encounter problems if the situation doesn't clear up. Hanjin's troubles aren't expected to be resolved anytime soon, however, as a week-long Asian holiday has put the matter on hold. With goods adrift at sea, ships being seized if they come into ports, and a challenge to the U.S. judge's order filed immediately after his ruling was issued, retailers may end up with a big lump of coal in their stockings this Christmas. SPONSORED: A secret billion-dollar stock opportunity The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here . Rich Duprey has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Go to MSN Home More in Money 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney Up Next 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from The Motley Fool 5 Rock-Solid Dividend Secrets Any Retiree Can Use The Motley Fool Your Cable Company Was Just Placed on Life Support The Motley Fool Shark Tank Just Revealed a Trillion-Dollar Idea The Motley Fool The Motley Fool View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home Local Sports Asheville Scene Lifestyle Voices & Views Outdoors Obituaries AVL Biz Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home Local Sports Asheville Scene Lifestyle Voices & Views Outdoors Obituaries AVL Biz Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Canton woman charged with 8 felonies for forging checks Police have charged a Canton woman with eight felonies relating to forging checks and two misdemeanors involving trespassing and shoplifting. Post to Facebook Canton woman charged with 8 felonies for forging checks Police have charged a Canton woman with eight felonies relating to forging checks and two misdemeanors involving trespassing and shoplifting.  Check out this story on citizen-times.com: http://avlne.ws/2cwlrE5 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Canton woman charged with 8 felonies for forging checks Mike Cronin , mcronin@citizen-times.com 12:50 p.m. EDT September 18, 2016 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Police have charged a Canton woman with eight felonies relating to forging checks and two misdemeanors involving trespassing and shoplifting. Jennifer Denise Hargrove, 32, of 147 Rocky Branch Lane, has been charged with four felony counts of forgery of instrument and four felony counts of uttering a forged instrument, according to police documents. Police say Hargrove forged four checks worth $494.51 from an account at the Mississippi-based Covenant Bank between Oct. 10 and Oct. 14. Checks were presented to BI-LO, CVS and Walgreens stores, police say. Hargrove also has been charged with a misdemeanor for second-degree trespassing and a misdemeanor for shoplifting and the concealment of goods at a Walmart. She was held at Buncombe County Jail on $24,500 bond. Hargrove is scheduled to appear at 9:30 a.m. Monday at Buncombe County Superior Court. Read or Share this story: http://avlne.ws/2cwlrE5 TOP VIDEOS Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 Chelsea Clinton Speaks at Twin Leaf 25:33 Green Party voter goes Democrat in North Carolina 0:51 Dad builds phenomenal costumes for his son 0:49 Christie's ex-aide invokes Fifth as office subpoenaed 1:06 Banking in Asheville 3:38 Commissioners ask for diverse art process; staff doesn't listen 1:50 Iconic 'National Geographic' 'Afghan Girl' arrested 0:41 Toxic metals found in kids' Halloween makeup 1:11
null
Home Business Buzz Dining Health Obits Weather Sports Regional/Jobs Bartow Gordon Polk Floyd Jobs WRGA Local Links Education Outdoors Crime About Advertising on Hometown Headlines Contact Us Remembering Wanda Darlene Murphy Posted on September 18, 2016 by hometownheadlines • 0 Comments Mrs. Wanda Darlene Murphy, age 73, of Rome, passed away on Friday, September 16, 2016, at a local hospital. Mrs. Murphy was born in Rome, Georgia on October 3, 1942, daughter of the late Clarence Frank Battles and the late Thelma Geneva Vines Battles.  She was also preceded in death by two sisters, Shelby Jean Battles Christie and Nelda Janice Battles Cole.  Mrs. Murphy was of the Christian faith and was a member of the Oostanaula Community Bluegrass Club.  She worked for a number of years as a paralegal and also at Floyd Medical Center.  At the time of her retirement, she worked in the Electronics Department at Walmart. Survivors include as son, Russell Murphy and his fiancé, Connie Wheeler, Silver Creek; a grandson, Dale Russell Murphy; a brother, John Franklin Battles, Acworth; nieces, nephews and cousins. Funeral services will be held on Wednesday, September 21, 2016, at 11am in the Chapel at Henderson & Sons Funeral Home, South Chapel, with Chaplain Billy Murdock and her brother, John Battles, officiating.  Interment will follow in Oaknoll Memorial Gardens. The family will receive friends at Henderson & Sons Funeral Home, South Chapel, on Tuesday from 6 until 8pm.  At other hours, they will be at their respective residences. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Related Filed Under: Obituaries ← Politics: Graves co-chairing Trump-Pence team’s Georgia delegation. Court: Cell phones welcome on Monday — with stipulations. Ware Mechanical forecast: Best rain chance of week is today at 50%, slightly cooler with temps in upper 80s. → Sorry, comments are closed for this post. Search Ware Mechanical Forecast Special Statement Issued: 5:37 AM EST on November 18, 2016 Expires: 7:00 PM EST on November 18, 2016 Currently 57° Clear Today is forecast to be nearly the same temperature as yesterday. Friday 11/18 0% High 80° / Low 51° Clear Plentiful sunshine. Record high temperatures expected. High near 80F. Winds light and variable. Saturday 11/19 10% High 58° / Low 32° Partly Cloudy Some clouds in the morning will give way to mainly sunny skies for the afternoon. High 58F. Winds NW at 15 to 25 mph. Sunday 11/20 0% High 57° / Low 28° Clear A mainly sunny sky. High 57F. Winds NNW at 10 to 15 mph. Copyright © 2016 Hometown Headlines View Full Site
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Inside China's 'richest village': Mystery Socialist town where everyone has '$124K in the bank' - but if you leave, you lose it all Trump appoints immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions as attorney general and House Benghazi committee member Mike Pompeo as CIA director National Security Adviser pick Michael Flynn sat in on intelligence briefings while advising foreign clients Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow justices inventing 'newly discovered rights' Don't start worrying about the 'apocalypse': What President Obama told his daughters after Donald Trump's shock election win Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Party-boy surrogate 'son' of celeb jeweler and accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky NYC apartment' appear in court charged with murder Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive insulting email from events dessert company after she failed to answer their calls Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or early starts) Busted! Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is caught by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in photo Divorce in US 'drops to its lowest level in 35 years while marriage is up to its highest rate since 2009' Relief for longest-serving congressman as his 21-year-old son is found safe and well after going missing for three days  Russia's plans for a base on the MOON: Nation will land cosmonauts on the surface by 2031 ahead of creating a lunar colony Putin's new hypersonic missile could reach the West Coast in 12 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon that will sit on top of a NUKE  Trumps trigger Twitter meltdown: Pictures of 'leggy' Ivanka and Jared Kushner joining President-elect Donald for meeting with Japanese Prime Minister draw criticism Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants that violate international human rights law' Keep calm but CARRY ON: President Obama encourages Trump protesters and ignores Republicans' pleas to put an end to week of chaos Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and Michelle' 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' Meet the one person in America who doesn't know the election result: Georgia man has avoided finding out who the next President is for ten days  Don't mention the T-word! Obama arrives to meet European leaders after Trump's shock election win which dismayed them all Previous Next 'She slapped him into the next life': Teenage boy accidentally yanks out a woman's hair piece and gets whacked in the face  The short clip has now been viewed more than 47million times The funny footage was filmed by Samuel Grubbs in North Carolina Freddy Mccollum pulls at a girl's ponytail but instead pulls it out entirely Twitter user @notjefe: 'She slapped that man back to the first century' By Harvey Day For Mailonline Published: 04:17 EST, 18 September 2016 | Updated: 10:00 EST, 18 September 2016 e-mail 4.8k shares 978 View comments A funny video has emerged of the moment a teenage boy gets slapped around the face after yanking out a girl's hair piece. The short clip, uploaded to social media earlier this week, has now been viewed more than 47million times. The funny footage, filmed by Vine user Samuel Grubbs at Wingate University in North Carolina, shows a group of students pulling down on the girls' ponytails while shouting, 'Yaga!'  A third teen, Freddy Mccollum, then pulls at a girl's ponytail but instead pulls out the entire hair piece. The angry girl then turns around and slaps the cheeky student across the face, apparently knocking him out.   RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Get out of the car! Snarling policeman is filmed smashing a... Shocking moment a road rage driver floors a pensioner with a... Share this article Share Samuel Grubbs has produced a number of popular comedy Vines in the past.   On social media viewers were quick to find the funny side of the footage.   A hilarious video has emerged of the moment a teenage boy gets slapped around the face after yanking out a girl's hair piece The short clip, uploaded to social media earlier this week, has now been viewed more than 47million times The funny footage was filmed by Vine user Samuel Grubbs at Wingate University in North Carolina A third teen, Freddy Mccollum, then pulls at a girl's ponytail but instead pulls out the entire hair piece Twitter user @notjefe wrote: 'She slapped that man back to the first century'.  Another user said: 'She slapped him into the next life'.  One viewer wrote: 'Look at the last dudes face - he immediately knew he messed up'. Last month another video featuring slapping emerged, this time in a Walmart in Illinois. A massive fight broke out inside the store ending with a woman having her clothes ripped off. The all-out brawl occurred inside the store in Crestwood, south of Chicago, and was all captured on video by a witness. The fracas involved four women and was attempted to be stopped by a single male security guard, who got lost in the fight.  The angry girl then turns around and slaps the cheeky student across the face, apparently knocking him out On social media viewers were quick to find the funny side of the footage. Twitter user @notjefe wrote: 'She slapped that man back to the first century' One viewer wrote: 'Look at the last dudes face - he immediately knew he messed up' Last month another video featuring slapping emerged, this time in a Walmart in Illinois Share or comment on this article e-mail 4.8k shares Most watched News videos Autistic boy bursts into tears on stage as teacher snatches microphone Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Good pup! Adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Locals react to earthquake in Wanaka, New Zealand Daughter confronts mum who filmed her perform sex act on dad Autistic boy gives enthusiastic 'gobble' after teacher took mic Aerials of a Peruvian tribe living in their traditional way in the jungle 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Hillary Clinton makes first appearance since her concession Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Peruvian government makes first contact with isolated tribe Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite... Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice... The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still... New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor... Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned... Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel... The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes... Cold comfort: The incredible moment a wild polar bear pets a... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  It is Sin City after all... 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid is branded 'abnormally thin' But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike Fired back Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Couldn't stop smooching 'His approach was f***ing genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' 'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on TV with husband Keith Urban Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers 'No one noticed!' Isla Fisher reveals she tricked her family by putting Amy Adams on her Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Looked like any couple She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth Took to Instagram Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Pulled out all the stops  'I have sex with everyone in it!': Eva Longoria reveals her husband refuses to watch Desperate Housewives due to her saucy scenes 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Lena Dunham goes on a retreat in Arizona seeking 'guidance from the canyon' after Trump's election victory  Posted image of herself in the hills of Sedona Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the BBC! Corporation is mocked over pompous review of Clarkson's $200m show as 'uncomfortably hubristic'  Targeted workouts, protein-packed meals, and meditation: Martha Hunt reveals how she is getting prepared for this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show  Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy Treated fans online Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Looked happy and relaxed Chantel Jeffries dances in a bikini for her Snapchat followers and unveils new line of holiday wear Justin Bieber's ex lounged about outdoors  Feeling broody? Paris Hilton cradles a baby at Australian press event before being given two packets of cookies from a devoted fan She's touring the country Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' 'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Worth the wait! Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Little boy is four 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Traumatic week for the former family Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues Snuggled up 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands Was shown how to carve up a carcass Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Wisely wrapped up Monochrome magic! Queen Letizia of Spain looks stunning in simple separates as she and husband King Felipe VI welcome guests at their Madrid palace  Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates...after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn Malik' 'He knows what he's doing': Paris Hilton supports her friend Donald Trump as US president and tells everyone to 'just be happy' 'There is nothing to say:' Mel B is 'frustrated' talking about Spice Girls reunion with Emma and Geri... and that it won't happen until 'everybody gets their a*** in gear'  Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Shoes.com was the first to announce move 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Following Trump's shocking election Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Interested in move Actress, 52, who had roles in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru 'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala One stunning woman Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a painting at the Royal Military Academy Queen's daughter-in-law Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Stripes and sisterhood! Hailee Steinfeld makes a bold fashion statement at powerful women's event  Earned her stripes Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event She is 41 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Actress, 31, plays Penny in Big Bang Theory Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London She wrapped up 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event Looked sensational Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala Supporter of the arts Crystal-encrusted gown Marilyn Monroe wore to sing happy birthday to JFK sells for a record-breaking $4.8MILLION Wanna be loved by you? Dapper Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his glamorous wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Sofia Richie shows off her legs in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA The 18-year-old put on an eye catching display on Thursday evening Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show  Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife He's worth $11billion 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala A supporter of the arts Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA The 35-year-old actress opted for a casual look Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Took to Instagram I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet On the red carpet Why DO stars demean their sex by pulling X-rated faces? It's the new must-have selfie - come-to-bed eyes and a half-open mouth. SARAH VINE says it's pathetic  Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Spent her day slipping into costume  98 Degrees of cute! Nick Lachey posts adorable flashback photo of himself and bandmate brother Drew in 'ugly sweaters' as youngsters  Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  The 24-year-old sparkled Woman who lost lawsuit accusing NBA star Derrick Rose and his friends of gang raping her appeals verdict Appealed on Thursday Mariah's World in crisis! Claims James Packer is 'demanding' to be edited out of ex-fiancée Carey's reality TV series A messy split 'My proudest moment in college': Lions player DeAndre Levy brags about breaking 'dirtbag' coach Joe Paterno's leg in 2006 Lions linebacker  Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles The Piano Man 'It would be fun': Paris Hilton reveals she's 'thinking about' bringing back and starring in The Simple Life  She hinted at a return for the reality show 'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  Taking to Instagram  A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Hitting the road Don't mess with Ruby! Rose SMASHES leering man's head against a bar in The Veronicas' music video she starred in with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso Taking the plunge! Karlie Kloss channels vintage Hollywood glamour with partially sheer, low-cut dress for ritzy Guggenheim event She is 6ft 2in  'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday Shared a sweet Snapchat video Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK A preview clip  Ooh la la! Maksim Chmerkovskiy's fiancee Peta Murgatroyd poses in a black bra and tiny thong for a sexy pregnant selfie Gave fans an eyeful Becky G shows off her toned legs in revealing gown at the Latin Grammy Awards in Las Vegas The 19-year-old wore a very revealing gown Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles Beverage stop 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family 'It's been tough' Red head-turner! Amy Adams scintillates in sexy scarlet gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NY Red is definitely her color! Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick He was gutted 'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with backup dancer is revealed in her show... and their chemistry is so intense it has her team worried Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster that saw hotel heiress delayed ahead of her Australian tour Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Donned shades She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC She is 40 Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram She's a mother-of-four JAN MOIR: Where's the Beauty in this Beastly feminist version of Disney?   Review: 'Emma Watson gets a bit carried away with herself'  'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu She felt the wind in her hair 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Sneak peek She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation Shared a clip School run! Bethenny Frankel carries a mug of coffee as she heads out with daughter Bryn, six, in Manhattan The Real Housewives Of New York star  Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Heart-breaking Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos Huge Netflix hit 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau Slogan fashion Fighting on the street! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense argument with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Fiery redheads! You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split Millionaire activist, 52, who smashed Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star could be JAILED for the vandalism   Used a sledgehammer  Allison Williams, Freida Pinto and Kuoth Wiel strip down to racy lingerie in David O. Russell-directed silent short film for Prada Showing some skin Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go Cameras rolling Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers Looked out of this world! Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Australian beauty Megan Blake Irwin 'When your Calvins gape': Instagram star Skye Wheatley shows off her VERY slim figure as she complains that her lingerie is too big for her Jools pic prompts Jamie Oliver's mother to share her chef son's secret   Jamie Oliver's wife, Jools, posted this photo online  Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London...after partying with David Beckham  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Gracing the red carpet  Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  Her new video featured a wedding day snap He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  In Washington DC  Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Kate's sister Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  The 47-year-old comic  A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland She's the daughter of Brit actor Ray Winstone Trevor Noah comments on Donald Trump's 'Stop it' response to hate crimes Sponsored Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2m ... nearly 50 PER CENT off original asking price The 49-year-old actress has sold her oceanfront home 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary The on-screen tough guy is really a sweetheart! Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave odd statement when asked about her Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar But Lopez 'cheated' Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Gave birth to newest son just two months ago Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Rocking active-wear  It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC The former president  Thanksgiving with ALL the trimmings - and NO lumpy gravy! Do turkey day the right way by following MARTHA STEWART'S top tips for an unforgettable feast Babes on board! Shanina Shaik is joined by fellow former Victoria's Secret Angel Chanel Iman as they fly to the Bahamas in a private jet Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Is there ANYTHING she can't do? Fitness star Kayla Itsines shares the secrets of Instagram success... and reveals she's broken five world records Steal Gigi Hadid's look! Celeb make-up artist Lisa Eldridge collaborated on a brand new filter that will give you a model-worthy make-over in one snap Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and lookalike sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits Made sure all eyes were on them I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with Lauren Silverman and their sweet son Eric 'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Proud of her body Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears skimpy swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot Earned a perfect score on the board! 'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals her desire to give birth again as she describes it as the 'greatest' experience of her life Putting on The Ritz! Downton Abbey's Laura Carmichael adds a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as she attends exclusive fashion launch Back to blonde already? Amber Rose lightens up after two days of wearing a shocking pink color Can't seem to make up her mind Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer No stopping her! Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Exciting news! Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC Tale of two cities... Is THIS the real Hillary? Mrs Clinton drops her soft aesthetic and adopts a sterner look following her defeat in the US presidential election 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson details the sexual assault she suffered after being crowned Miss America No time to put on a coat! Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing photo of Theo dressed as a teddy bear Showstopper! Eiza Gonzalez puts on sexy display in revealing sheer gown at film awards in Mexico City Looked absolutely fabulous I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center Was in high spirits Kendall Jenner takes a dig at baby Dream's name and says North is her favourite as she ranks her young relatives' unusual monikers Thanksgiving outfits inspired by Gigi Hadid, Alessandra Ambrosio and Olivia Palermo that will look cute and accommodate your holiday food baby! Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in TV adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' Latest A-lister to turn to  the small screen     DON'T MISS Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in London Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Kept her eyes hidden under shades Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  She spent the summer in a red one-piece Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London CNN host Anderson Cooper reconciles with brother he had not seen for 38 years - after a bizarre dispute over their mother Gloria Vanderbilt's therapist Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Showed her ex what he was missing Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits their son Silas Went to a celeb hotspot 'Project Runway' celebrity hairstylist George Ortiz commits suicide in his New York apartment Was found dead in his Hamilton Heights home Bollywood actress and model is tear-gassed and beaten up by masked intruders at neighbouring Paris apartment to where Kim Kardashian was robbed  Johnny Manziel silently walks out of court wearing a suit and sneakers after reaching deal with prosecutors to DROP charges he assaulted his girlfriend Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his movie Sully 'My wife makes beautiful babies': Brian Austin Green shares rare photo of infant son Journey River... after reconciling with Megan Fox Blooming lovely! Geri Horner, 44, showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys day out with husband Christian Former Spice Girl 'I'm very sick, I need help!' The Shining star Shelley Duvall's struggle with mental illness is revealed as she claims Robin Williams 'is not dead' Diesel casts transgender models for its latest campaign (but insists they're more than just 'hype')  Ads feature Loiza Lamers and Ben Melzer Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... despite split rumours "Stronger than ever' Sexy at 62! Christie Brinkley flashes her long legs in knitted mini-dress on NYC night out... before turning heads in Seventies-inspired ensemble 'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumors  Began because of film 'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally Spoke on Today Show 'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on foreign TV show PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drew Barrymore, 41, looks fit in sports bra and shorts as she frolics with friends in Mexico after losing 20lbs Tiffany Trump takes a break from the endless guests at Trump Tower as she grabs a smoothie with her Secret Service detail in tow  Soon to be first daughter What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Admired her posterior when they were reunited Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  Showed off her taut tum and slender physique at Nice Guy Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael of Kent join mourners at a service for Prince Charles's wealthy friend Mark Vestey They didn't rapper very well! Iggy Azalea left in a sticky situation as boob tape FAIL leaves her looking not so fancy at GQ Awards Australian awards Wet T-shirt competition! Iggy Azalea reveals her enhanced assets in a very soaked white top and NOTHING else in extremely racy GQ magazine cover 'As rumors go, it's not the worst!' Jon Hamm addresses speculation he's well endowed after THAT photo sparked discussion about his manhood Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Made a head-turning arrival My drug-addled, drink-soaked affair with Harrison Ford on the Star Wars set: Carrie Fisher's denied it for years. Now she finally admits what happened  $6m-a-year Mariah Carey 'demands ex pay $5k-per-month into twins' trust fund while she pays nothing'... and they can't call anyone else 'mummy or daddy' Blake Lively shows off her slim postbaby body in plunging dress two months after giving birth at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards She's a mom-of-two That's one stylish family! Queen Letizia of Spain is given a run for her money in the sartorial stakes by her mini-me daughters in Madrid A VERY fashionable Sophie Wessex makes friends with an adorable little boy as she opens a school in England She is Queen Elizabeth's daughter-in-law  Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged His humanitarian work  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Swank walks arm-in-arm with mystery man just four months after her broken engagement to Ruben Torres Charlie Sheen's ex Brooke Mueller 'is hospitalized for a psych evaluation after turning up barefoot in a bar with their twins and getting in a fight with the nanny Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls-Royce 'I never said he was bad in bed - or any other furniture': Carrie Fisher DENIES calling Harrison Ford a poor lover Blamed a misread on her new autobiography Tom Hiddleston swaps suave tailoring for a gorilla suit as he gets pranked into dressing up as King Kong by Jimmy Kimmel Funny moment 'She hopes her new music can inspire healing, peace and unity': Katy Perry 're-writing album to include songs about US presidential election' Partners in crime! Sandra Bullock and Cate Blanchett are seriously in character as they shoot scenes for Ocean's Eight Both are Oscar winners Leonard Cohen died in his sleep at his LA home after suffering a fall The 'Hallelujah' and 'Bird on a Wire' singer-songwriter died on November 7. He was 82 Life imitating art! Real-life girlfriends Ruby Rose and Jessica Origliasso have a bath together and get frisky in bed as they star in The Veronicas VERY steamy new music video The magic of a push-up bra! Paris Hilton puts on a VERY busty display in a plunging red dress in Australia... after denying plastic surgery rumours On a tour there A vision in white! Princess Charlene looks typically chic as she and Prince Albert hand out parcels to refugees ahead of celebrations for National Monaco Day Canceled! Duck Dynasty announces the 11th season will be the last after five years on the air It premiered in March 2012  Monochrome magic: Emma Roberts keeps it casual in skinny jeans and a white shirt as she grabs a bite to eat  Looked effortlessly glamorous Making friends! Prince William bonds with a cuddly rhino as he speaks against illegal wildlife trade in Vietnam Shook hands with mascot Megyn Kelly keeps smiling as she promotes her new book 'Settle for More' in New York while trolls savage her in coordinated attack on Amazon 'Pardon me, could you say that again?': Dallas star Linda Gray reveals she couldn't understand her British soap co-stars when she first arrived on set Sarah Paulson plays yet another character on American Horror Story: Roanoke finale as Lee Harris is last to die Ended with destruction of the haunted house Proud parents! Lara Bingle cradles her newborn son in New York alongside her husband Sam Worthington shortly after giving birth EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Emily Ratajkowski goes topless as she whips off her cheeky swimsuit on Mexican beach break Feeling hot, hot, hot! 'Classy stripper': Kim Zolciak takes teenage daughter Brielle for sexy dance lesson on Don't Be Tardy Not the usual bonding experience Ricky Martin shows off engagement ring as he takes to the stage in Las Vegas hours after announcing plans to wed Arab artist Jwan Yosef Tyre-d of the scandal? Harrison Ford forgets his troubles as he enjoys a motorbike ride in wake of Carrie Fisher Star Wars affair revelation Work it! Mel B flaunts her rippling abs in bright pink workout gear as she boxes with a personal trainer ahead of the X Factor Semi Final Ab-tastic! Nina Agdal is back to the grind post-holiday sweating it out at Soul Cycle and looking great doing so Positively beaming during her workout Pregnant Marion Cotillard dresses her blossoming bump in a velvet smock dress with latex boots for Dior event Velvet sensation Quite the lady! Paris Hilton puts on a sophisticated display in an elegant black frock as she steps out in Melbourne...after THAT passport blunder Loved-up Liv Tyler rocks a chic autumnal look as she and fiancé Dave Gardner attend London fashion bash Had a rare night off parenting duties Elizabeth Hurley, 51, shows off her youthful good looks as she wows in little black dress for Hollywood dinner She never fails to rock a black dress Sheer delight! Braless Alexa Chung puts on a racy display in transparent blouse and blazer ensemble as she attends glitzy Dior bash in New York 'Who?' Paris Hilton awkwardly shuts down a question about her 2003 fling with Rob Mills... after he claimed they kept in touch for a YEAR after hook-up Lily-Rose Depp puffs on a cigarette as she grabs fast food with boyfriend Ash Stymest Picked up her parents' habits Woof woof! Alice Eve shows off her lacy lingerie in sheer top as she takes her adorable pooch for a walk in LA She looked every inch the blonde bombshell  Kong's monstrous opponents reveal themselves in new trailer for Skull Island... as does comic relief John C Reilly The King is back! The return of Marky Mark! Wahlberg gets ripped after dropping 16 pounds for Transformers role on season premiere of Walhburgers Packing a punch! Bella Hadid showcases her tiny waist and toned abs as she endures a grueling boxing workout Looking abs-solutely fabulous  Kisses from NYC! Pregnant Marion Cotillard covers up her baby bump in THREE outfits while on promo tour for Allied She is 41 Low key love! Kate Mara and Jamie Bell rock some sweats as they recover after a glamorous night out The couple ran errands around West Hollywood 'Kate Middleton recommended it': How Michelle Obama stays youthful with a $54 'organic Botox' gel thanks to a tip from the Duchess His leading lady! Hollywood legend Warren Beatty plays supporting role to wife Annette Bening as she's honored at LA's AFI Fest Special recognition  Upset model Kate Upton posts angry tweets after fiance Justin Verlander fails to win Cy Young Award Award is going to Rick Porcello Coco Rocha dons bulky bomber jacket at star-studded Canada Goose opening in New York City At101 Wooster Street in the Big Apple Back to the plan! Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are living together' and she is now hoping for 'a fourth child' They have three kids Fee-fi-fo-fum! Eva Longoria is dwarfed by towering Karlie Kloss as they attend L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards In NYC Janelle Monae shines next to acting veterans Taraji P. Henson and Octavia Spencer in new Hidden Figures trailer Held her own with Hollywood veterans  Mel B unmasked: Scary Spice, 41, looks tired as she goes makeup free during a stroll in Sydney and appears stressed as she checks her phone  The layered look! Patrick Schwarzenegger and girlfriend Abby Champion bundle up for a lunch date in Santa Monica From plastic surgery controversy, Twitter wars and bizarre speech about her 'award-winning vagina': How 2016 hasn't been so great for Iggy Azalea Obama to award Presidential Medal of Freedom to 21 recipients, including Abdul-Jabbar, DeGeneres, Hanks, De Niro, Springsteen and Jordan  Demi Lovato cuts a casual figure as she jets out of Los Angeles... after appearing to confirm romance with UFC fighter Luke Rockhold Hollywood stars Matt Damon and Margot Robbie star in elite private school's end-of-year video wishing girls good luck on their exams Needs more practice! Khloe Kardashian lets niece North West apply her make-up... and ends up getting her chest lip-glossed Getting lessons Airing her dirty laundry! Bella Thorne washes her clothes with sister Dani during casual outing in LA The 19-year-old actress kept it casual  Muchos besos! Becky G shares a smooch with soccer player boyfriend Sebastian Lletget at the Latin Grammy Person of the Year Award On the red carpet Just like mummy! Elsa Pataky wears matching bell-bottom trousers with daughter India Rose Hemsworth as they visit Byron Bay farmers' market  Peace! Blac Chyna shares new photo of Dream as it's claimed arrival of the little girl 'has ended those nasty fights with Rob Kardashian' An Unbreakable bond! Pregnant Janet Jackson 'to pay tribute to brother Michael when she names her baby' It is unknown whether she is having boy or girl So happy together! Gwen Stefani beams with joy as she strolls in LA with beau Blake Shelton and her son Apollo Wore a slogan top Megyn Kelly reveals that Roger Ailes' WIFE personally asked her to defend the disgraced Fox News CEO as she poses for sexy new photo spread Awkward! Rose Byrne looks very uncomfortable as the Today show presenters call long-term partner Bobby Cannavale her husband... TWICE Thumbs up for The Money Team: Boxing champion Floyd 'Money' Mayweather drops by Trump Tower to pay the Donald a visit Visit on Wednesday 'She doesn't answer any of my texts': Jon Gosselin claims ex-wife Kate won't tell him where his son Collin is Former reality star's shocking revelation Peek-a-boo! Lily Collins flashes some skin in pretty white and blue crochet dress as she promotes movie in NYC The Brit-American actress  Driving her batty! Adele flaps her arms then breaks down in hysterics after winged mammal attacks fan during concert in Mexico  There's a new momager in town! Kim Kardashian takes over manager duties as Kris Jenner struggles with the workload Sneak peek of show Double-fisting! Charlotte McKinney carries two beverages from Starbucks as she accents her svelte legs in torn jeans Drinks on the go Justin Bieber will make American Music Awards cameo via satellite ensuring no awkward run-ins with ex Selena Gomez He is 22 Golden girl Karlie Kloss stuns in plunging sequin gown at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The 24-year-old wore a gorgeous gold gown First look at Billions season two unveiled as Damian Lewis and Paul Giamatti prepare to square off once again 'At the end of last season there was just a lot of wreckage' Her second son? Kris Jenner chooses to spend time with Jonathan Cheban rather than Rob Kardashian even though Dream has just arrived Left out! Farrah Abraham is not invited to Teen Mom cruise that Maci Bookout, Kailyn Lowry and Amber Portwood are hosting Controversial reality star In for the kiss! Fifth Harmony singer Lauren Jauregui shares a smooch with another woman and the photo goes viral Image has gone viral It's Keaton, the friendly ghost! Diane, 70, wears bizarre white frock to L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The legendary actress wore a bizarre frock One of the girls! Reese Witherspoon shines in vibrant pink as she lends her star power to nonprofit that mentors young women She was glowing Kendall Jenner shows off her long legs in skinny jeans as she gets her cameras serviced The 21-year-old model was spotted collecting two cameras  She's back! Kim Kardashian returns to Instagram after jewel heist... but instead of posting she starts to follow old pal Paris Hilton She's a natural! Nicole Kidman dresses down with minimal make-up as she looks delighted to welcome Lion co-star Sunny Pawar to NYC Her biggest fan! Keith Urban nuzzles wife Nicole Kidman's neck as loved up couple celebrate New York premiere of her new film Lion Johnny Depp's daughter Lily-Rose and her British beau Ash Stymest enjoy tacos together... as her bodyguard keeps an eye on them 'She could have done better!': Tom Hanks, 60, jokes his wife of 28 years Rita Wilson settled... even though he's won Oscars and is worth $350m 'It's infuriating how good he is!' Hollywood hunk Chris Evans gushes about his Avengers co-star Chris Hemsworth saying he's 'destined to greatness' 'Stars have all the help they need to shed weight': Chrissy Teigen explains why celebrities lose baby pounds so fast as she stuns in black Mellow in yellow! Vanessa Hudgens wears cheerful colors as she enjoys retail therapy in Los Angeles She embraced the changing seasons  Tatt's new! Iggy Azalea shows off her sleeve tattoo for the first time at the Men of the Year Awards... but has she covered up THREE other inkings?  'You have to be creative!' Patrick Dempsey reveals he and 'sexy and hot' wife Jillian love to make out in their Porsche Grey's Anatomy hunk 'I don't get jealous!': Miles Teller talks losing La La Land role to Ryan Gosling Gave BAFTA-nominated performance in Damien Chazelle's film Whiplash Harrison Ford emerges for first time since Star Wars affair bombshell... as Carrie Fisher reveals how he reacted when she warned him about memoir Prince Harry is set to pay $60,000-a-year for a bodyguard to watch over his girlfriend Meghan Markle after telling of his anger at being unable to protect her No filter! Social media stars Devin Brugman and Natasha Oakley flaunt their natural curves in bikinis in candid beach snaps Bikini bloggers Throwback time! Kim Kardashian's friend shares never-seen-before photos of the siren in Thailand Stephanie Sheppard shared old photos  Kim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner lead the way as their family are named top-earning reality stars with $122.5M Forbes' list 'I'm not jealous of Kylie!': Kendall Jenner insists she does not compete with anyone, hates drama and is a 'little dyslexic' in new web post Babe in blue! Martha Hunt shows off her tiny frame in little sports bra for Victoria's Secrets Train Like An Angel event Showing off her body That's tight! Chris Hemsworth's muscles bulge underneath his shirt on the cover of Australia GQ - after being named their Man of the Year 'I don't meet any gentlemen anymore': Iggy Azalea appears to take a swipe at ex-fiancé Nick Young after she caught him cheating  Helena Bonham Carter showcases quirky fashion style in NYC in check skirt with black jacket and fluffy scarf She is in the Big Apple to film Ocean's Eight The smile that says she's in love! Hilary Duff beams after a workout session with beau Jason Walsh at Rise Movement gym  RHONY star Jules Wainstein spent $2,000 on Uber in 15 days and racked up a $40,000 credit card bill, her husband claims in bitter divorce Little Ray's got moves like Jagger: Rolling Stone's grandson shows  he's picked up his granddad's rhythm  Two-year-old Ray proved he's picked up his grandfather's moves Madonna gets into the grove with James Corden while filming Carpool Karaoke in New York  The two fooled around in the segment Natalie Portman puts her growing baby bump on display as she goes for a relaxing hike in LA  The talented brunette beauty went for a hike in black yoga pants  Today's headlines Most Read Inside China's 'richest village': The mysterious Socialist town where every resident has '£100K in the bank'... Trump picks immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions for attorney general and Kansas congressman to lead the CIA National Security Adviser pick Michael Flynn sat in on intelligence briefings while advising foreign clients Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow ... Don't start worrying about the 'apocalypse': What President Obama told his daughters after Donald Trump's... Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's... Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their... Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive... Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is busted by her boyfriend after he spotted... Divorce in the US 'drops to its lowest level in 35 years while marriage is up to its highest rate since... Relief for longest-serving congressman as his 21-year-old son is found safe and well after going missing for... Russia's plans for a base on the MOON: Nation will land cosmonauts on the surface by 2031 ahead of creating... Putin’s new hypersonic missile could reach Britain in 13 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon... What was Ivanka doing there? Fury as Trump's daughter and husband join him for first meeting with Japanese... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has... Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants... Donald Trump is RIGHT to demand other NATO members spend more on defence, says alliance's chief  Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and... Has he told Kim? Kanye West is booed after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he would have voted... Don't mention the T-word! Obama holds talks with May, Merkel and other European leaders after Trump's shock... Dinner for two: Barack Obama and Angela Merkel share an intimate meal and a chance to reminisce as... Leading Democrats call on Obama to PARDON 750,000 undocumented immigrants covered by the DREAM act - but the... 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite The Trump effect? Apple 'could start building iPhones in the US' rather than outsourcing from abroad MORE HEADLINES Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite come and go from Trump Tower as he builds his administration Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky Manhattan apartment' appear in court charged with murder  The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still untouched by civilisation - stare in wonder at a photographer's plane flying above them New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor lifted TWO METRES and exploded through the sand - creating an alien landscape that has left marine experts baffled  Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when a teacher snatches the microphone from him as he's about to say his line in the school play Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him  Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is busted by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in a steamy picture  The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes her first appearance since her concession, and admits that 'coming here wasn't the easiest thing for me' and she 'wanted to curl up and never leave the house again' Cold comfort: The incredible moment a wild polar bear pets a sled dog in Canada Mother, father and their two daughters aged five and 18 months are found dead at Virginia home in murder suicide Inside the isolated Indonesian Dani tribe where women are expected to amputate a finger when relatives die… and the men have some rather eye-catching outfits! 'They want us to be Islamised. They despise our country and our values': Translator at German refugee camp says Muslim migrants display 'pure hatred' of Christians 'If she's brought back to life in 200 years she may not remember who she is': Father of cancer girl, 14, who is first British child to be cryogenically FROZEN fears his dead daughter will be alone in America  'Repulsive and goes against the order of nature': Woman, 27, who pleaded guilty to having sex with a dog will await sentencing behind bars New York academic who killed herself in her upscale Manhattan condo 'was driven to suicide by a mysterious condition known as sound rage' 'My innocence was stolen from me': Woman confronts her biological parents who sexually abused her to make child porn from age 11 to 13 PIERS MORGAN: Memo to millennials, that awful feeling you've got is called losing. It happens. If you want to know how to win, stop whinging for a bit and learn some lessons from Trump 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make EXCLUSIVE: How jeweler-to-the stars Jeffrey Rackover took in 'son', 25, he met at a health club - and his shock as the young man is now charged in the weekend party murder 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson reveals how media executive sexually assaulted her after she was crowned Miss America 'I hate myself': Mother who filmed her husband sexually abusing their 13-year-old girl breaks down as she comes face to face with her daughter 20 years later Bollywood star is tear-gassed and beaten up by masked intruders at Paris apartment close to where Kim Kardashian was robbed Father who shot dead his daughter's sexual abuser is sentenced to 40 years in jail after pleading guilty to save her from testifying Married substitute teacher's aide, 42, 'had sexual contact including oral sex with two male high school students - and made her husband drive one home after a tryst' 'Project Runway' celebrity hairstylist George Ortiz commits suicide in his New York apartment Out of the shadows for the first time in 45 years, the disfigured hermit who hid away from society aged 15 but now faces his demons to pay respects to late Thai king  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Friday, November 18, 2016, 9:30 a.m. Home / Business / PATENTS AWARDED This article was published September 18, 2016 at 2:15 a.m. Comments aAFont Size U.S. patents issued to Arkansans This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Print Headline: PATENTS AWARDED Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business N.Y. village's growth creates tension Offshore drillers reach bottom; way up unsure Health-care renewal fearful time French-themed casino 2nd U.S.-owned in Macau PATENTS AWARDED BUILDING PERMITS OIL AND GAS REPORT REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS BUSINESS PEOPLE: Latest promotions, hires fro... More Business stories > Comments on: PATENTS AWARDED To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Photos of car tied to Little Rock homicide released; police say shop owner was intended victim (1 comment) Trump said to pick Sen. Jeff Sessions for AG (2 comments) Resign, NAACP tells Arkansas school panel member who wore 'blackface' (12 comments) Face addiction, report urges U.S. (2 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: How it happened (29 comments) Ex-Arkansas band director gets 15 years on sex charges involving teens (1 comment) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2016, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2016, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Log In 1 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Tempo Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds log in Guest Opinion: Why I support Measure 97 Sunday Sep 18, 2016 at 12:01 AM By Amanda Singh Bans I support Measure 97 because I want to live in an equitable society. As a teacher and a mother, I have seen first-hand the impact on students and their families as well as on the education system as a whole when funding is cut. Student morale gets low, programs and departments get pruned in an effort to save costs, and students and their teachers are forced to absorb the impact and change gears into survival mode. Consequently, I’ve seen K-12 class sizes grow and grow, meaning that many students get left behind. I’ve seen parents struggle because they lack a high school diploma, meaning they can’t get a good-paying job to support their family. And I’ve seen my college students unable to afford health insurance, meaning they can’t access the preventative services they need to live long and healthy lives. This chronic underfunding of health care, education and services takes years to recover from, and the social costs are staggering. How many students have lost their potential or been redirected from a successful path so that schools can save money? How many people are forced out of the labor market, either from being overworked or not being able to make ends meet? How can we ever rationalize or justify these outcomes that so dramatically affect the lives of those we love. What can we do to change this societal bad habit? We need a paradigm shift. In the past few decades, we have excused corporations from being taxed at equitable levels because we believe they are creating more jobs. Cutting or suppressing corporate taxes results in little to no accountability for corporations to provide a livable wage for working families, or to invest in social supports that benefit our communities. Consequently, we end up subsidizing our underpaid and underemployed workforce, all in the name of job creation. According to the University of Oregon Labor Education and Research Center, Oregon taxpayers spend over $1.7 billion a year in public assistance for low-wage workers. The share of income taxes paid by corporations has fallen from 18.5 percent in 1973 to 6.7 percent today, a drop of nearly two-thirds. While corporations have been quietly paying a minimal share, regular taxpayers, our middle and working class families have been tasked with carrying an increasing share of the burden of funding our schools and critical services. Measure 97 would ask some of the largest corporations in the country — those like Walmart, Comcast and Monsanto — to do their part and pay their fair share. The measure would only affect about 1,000 of Oregon’s 400,000 businesses by ensuring that companies that accrue over $25 million in Oregon sales pay a slightly higher corporate minimum tax. Section 3 of Measure 97 specifically states that the Legislature shall spend new revenues on education, health care and senior services. Oregon, despite being progressive in many other areas, is currently last in line with the lowest corporate taxes in the nation, and our students, families, and seniors are paying the price. Measure 97 will create corporate responsibility and social investment so that we can ensure that our schools, health care programs, and social supports are more holistic and sustainable. We need to continue to shift our focus on long-term goal setting by focusing on investments in human capital. Corporations don’t need us to defend or protect them — our most vulnerable populations do. Please vote yes  on Measure 97. — Amanda Singh Bans is an instructor of sociology at Southern Oregon Universit.     About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Reader Services Subscriptions Subscriber controls Contact us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the editor Corrections Announcements Obituaries Story ideas Since you asked Alerts Email Alerts RSS Feeds Text Alerts Advertise Media Kit Home Products and services Ad rates Advertising contacts Mail Tribune Daily Tidings The Nickel Shop Our Valley Blogs Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse Opinion Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. MailTribune.com ~ P.O. Box 1108, Medford, OR 97501 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime, Courts and Emergency Services Education Environment State News Obituaries Weather Photo Galleries Politics and Elections Since You Asked Mail Tribune 100 Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports College Sports Pro Sports Community Sports Prep Notebook Auto Racing Obituaries Business Real Estate News People In Business Transportation Agriculture Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Guest Opinions Lifestyle Food Home and Garden Health Hiking Biking Faith Milestones and Achievements Columnist for a Day Rogue Healthy Aging Tempo Theater Music Community Events Movies Dining More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs TV Listings Movie Listings Oregon Outdoors Oregon Healthy Living Special Sections Contests Branded Content Submit Your Announcements Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber controls Subscribe Email Alerts Text Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Advertising contacts Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Customer Care Contact Us Staff Directory Circulation Redeliver Paper Vacation Hold Online Access Help Newsroom Corrections News Tip Letters to the Editor You Said It Media Kit Place a Classified Subscribe Login Register 24° F Clear Wind E at 2 MPH Pressure 1033 MB Dewpoint 18° F Visibility 9 miles Area forecast >     Home Weather Breaking News Columnists Obituaries Magazines Coupons Oil & Gas RSS Contests News Western Colorado Colorado U.S. World Business Blotter Politics 2016 Election Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns You Said It Sports High School CMU GJ Rockies Local Results College Columns Community JUCO Wrestling Outdoors Hiking & Camping Biking Hunting & Fishing Snow Sports Spring Summer Fall Winter Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home & Garden Food Celebrate! Social Junction Cheers! Pets Entertainment Music Movies Television Puzzles & Games Festivals and Events Blogs Let's Get Dirty Music on the Goe Birds and More Photos & Video All Photo Galleries All Videos Sandstone to Summit Directories Downtown Grand Junction Local Business Churches Events Ask a Pro Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Cars • Articles/Galleries/Videos • Classifieds • Business Directory Tip: Use quotation marks to search for articles. SHARE You Said It, Sept. 18, 2016 By Staff Saturday, September 17, 2016 Good for Shane Place, who filed a lawsuit against employees of the Mesa County Department of Human Services. When this case first hit the news, I couldn’t imagine why the department would place a baby with a very young mother who already had two little children. Now that this column told of other stress factors, I am incredulous. Angel paid the price of stupid decisions and Sydney’s children are without their mother. Angel could have been adopted by the foster mother and still be alive and Sydney could have been helped instead of facing 30 years in prison. Ah, fall is in the air in Happy Valley! The cooler air, golden leaves on the way, crisp apples, pumpkins, long walks along winding trails, mountain bike rides among the aspens, feeling the “burn” in those tired muscles. Wait, what is that? Smoke, plumes of acrid smoke, nose-clogging smoke. Gaaa! Stop the smoke.   Happy to see the positive comments in the paper about the canals turning into trails. Other areas have done it and it’s wonderful. The Grand Valley could really benefit from creating a trail system with the use of the canals. There is no more increase in liability than allowing walking, biking and running along the Colorado River.   To those who think the ditch trails should be used by everyone: I purchased my house that backs to a ditch trail for the sole purpose of the privacy it is supposed to give me. There are already those of you who disobey the no trespassing signs that the ditch company puts there, but to imagine having more people, more three-wheelers, more horse- riding, etc., I would have bought my house at Canyon View then. Grand Junction is full of trails. Use those, not private property that abuts people’s homes.   Thank you for the great article last week about the citizenship celebration at the monument recognizing immigrants who come to this country and become Americans the correct way.   It is ridiculous not to sell the 45,000 penned-up horses for food to countries that love it. That billion dollars a year should be helping underprivileged children be clothed and eat better. Keeping the horse population to desired levels is more humane than letting them starve from overgrazing public lands.   To the person in favor of yet another stupid roundabout, I say enough is too much. There are so many of those stupid things already in Colorado. And they don’t ease traffic. They’re dangerous and unbelievably confusing, especially the double ones. Don’t believe me, look at the one in Rifle. I have to go around that one every day, and most days I have to sit and wait for traffic twice as long as when they had stoplights there. The new ones on Horizon Drive are nearly as bad. Roundabouts are asinine, a waste of money and resources and just plain ridiculous. And just for the record, I’m a very good driver: only two speeding tickets and zero accidents in 45 years of driving.   If someone comes to your door and says, “You have hail damage on your roof,” check with two or three other people who you really can trust to make sure that it is really true. I live on the north side of town, off of Patterson and 28 Road. Several of my neighbors have been talked into a new roof, when it may not have been necessary. It is hard to know who to trust these days.   Congrats to District 51. You’ve agreed to subject all of our children to propaganda in order to avoid paying the illegal drainage “fee.” Thank goodness Mesa County and the chamber know what leadership is about.   My sister and I would like to thank the friends and relatives of our father, Delbert Borrelli, who so graciously offered their condolences, prayers, flowers, cards and food when we lost the patriarch of our family on Aug. 17, 2016. The care and attention that Daddy received from the amazing staff at Walmart on North Avenue, the EMTs, the ER doctor and medical staff at St. Mary’s, the compassion from Martin Mortuary and the incredible church family at Crossroads Methodist Church will always be appreciated by us. The great memories that we now have of our father will be with us forever.   On Sunday, Sept. 11, my family and I went to eat at The Egg & I. I was wearing a shirt that talked about disrespecting the flag. I wore the shirt partially because it was 9/11, but also because I like the shirt. We ordered, and shortly after we had placed our order, the waiter came and told us someone who had read my shirt had paid for our meals. What a pleasant surprise. To whoever it was who paid for the meal, thank you, it was much appreciated. There really are some kind and generous people in the Grand Valley.   It is very sad to hear how cruel people here in this valley feel about the homeless. They are human beings that life’s unfortunate circumstances have made them this way. Only cold hearts can look at another human being in such a cruel manner. Shame on every one of you. COMMENTS Commenting is not available in this channel entry. TOP JOBS Manager CSU's Southwestern CO Research Center, Yellow Jacket, CO, seeks a to coo... Purchaser West Star Aviation is hiring a .Full time w/benefits. Looking for an ... Journeyman Electricians Montrose Electrical Contractor is now hiringJourneymanElectricians Accounting, Tax Preparation And Consulting Growing CPA firm with long-term clients seeking professional staff with 3 to 5 ... Kiosk Sales WE ARE EXPANDING OUR TERRITORYOur team is growing, and we a... Accounting Support Specialist Mid-Sized Oil & Gas Services Company in Grand Junction is seeking... Search More Jobs GJSENTINEL.COM Sections • Grand Junction News • Grand Junction Weather • Grand Junction Opinion • Grand Junction Sports • Grand Junction Lifestyle • Grand Junction Entertainment • Grand Junction Blogs • Grand Junction Obituaries Contact • Staff directory • Send a news tip • Corrections • Report a broken link • Submit a letter to the Editor • Submit a You Said It • Sign up for Email Updates Marketplace • Grand Junction Classifieds • Find Grand Junction Jobs • Grand Junction Real Estate • Grand Junction Rentals • Grand Junction Cars • Place an ad THE DAILY SENTINEL 734 S. Seventh St. Grand Junction, CO 81501 970-242-5050; M-F 8:00 - 5:00 Editions • Subscribe to print edition • E-edition Advertisers • Advertiser Tearsheet • Information © 2016 Grand Junction Media, Inc. By using this site you agree to the Visitor Agreement and the Privacy Policy
News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics Elections 2016 The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Local Deals Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Rentals Place an ad Social September 18, 2016 12:01 AM Creighton McCarley, Keith Coogler to wed Keith Coogler and Creighton McCarley Provided photo Julia Faye Photography i LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Mr. and Mrs. William Smith McCarley Jr. of Chester are pleased to announce the engagement their daughter, Creighton Leigh, to Keith Lynn Coogler, son of Mr. and Mrs. Howard David Coogler Jr. of Chapin. The bride-elect, a resident of Columbia, is the granddaughter of Mrs. Arnice McWatters and the late Mr. William Floyd McWatters and the late Mr. and Mrs. William Smith McCarley, all of Chester. She earned a doctorate in pharmacy in 2007 from the University of South Carolina, and she is employed as a pharmacist with Walmart. The bridegroom-elect, a resident of Columbia, is the grandson of Mrs. Margaret Coogler and the late Mr. Howard David Coogler of Irmo and the late Mr. and Mrs. Lynwood Clark Stuck of Columbia. He earned a bachelor’s degree in civil engineering from the University of South Carolina and a master’s degree in structural engineering from the University of Pittsburgh. He is employed as an engineer with Westinghouse Electric Company. The couple plans an October wedding in Irmo. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Social Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 3:14 Obama: Concerns about Trump presidency, but the people have spoken Pause 1:28 Flying with the Packet and Gazette: Kite Day on Hilton Head 3:18 Chicago Cubs pitcher C.J. Edwards of Prosperity discusses his past, present, future 0:29 Gov. Nikki Haley on 'Fight Song' 1:45 Senior moments: Gamecocks reflect on careers 1:52 Game preview: A chance to reach bowl eligibility with an exclamation point 1:16 A tour of a new mobile home for October 2015 flood survivors 0:50 How winning helps South Carolina in the recruiting process 2:22 Fatal shooting of Keith Scott in Charlotte 2:08 Lula Drake Wine Parlour on Main Street Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 14 hours ago Chicago Cubs pitcher C.J. Edwards describes final inning of World Series 3:07 14 hours ago Chicago Cubs pitcher C.J. Edwards describes final inning of World Series 0:59 17 hours ago 'I've never been out here in 43 years' 3:18 19 hours ago Chicago Cubs pitcher C.J. Edwards of Prosperity discusses his past, present, future View more video Social Click here to send us your Event Information! Elizabeth Binnicker, Christian Brown marry Haley Rodgers, Stephen Balentine Jr. to wed Juli Brymer, Clint Atkinson marry Emily Rickenbaker, Chase Moyer marry Entertainment Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Shopping Special Sections Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
PennLive Menu Home News Sports Penn State Football High School Sports Entertainment Food & Dining Obituaries Opinion Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Local News National & World Pa. Politics Business Harrisburg Philadelphia Pittsburgh Community News Obituaries Crime Weather Traffic Photos Videos Special Projects Site Index Back to Main Menu Penn State Football Pittsburgh Panthers Philadelphia Eagles Pittsburgh Steelers NFL Recruiting High School Sports Fantasy Football Motorsports Little League World Series Penn State Sports Penn State Wrestling Hershey Bears Harrisburg Senators Harrisburg City Islanders Harrisburg Heat Golf Outdoors Back to Main Menu Eagles Steelers Ravens Back to Main Menu Fan Talk Recruiting Videos Photo Galleries PSU Columnists Back to Main Menu Bob Flounders David Jones Greg Pickel Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Offseason Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Wrestling Boys Tennis Boys Lacrosse Boys Ice Hockey Girls Lacrosse Softball Boys Volleyball Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Bowling Back to Main Menu Pa. Life & Culture Proms Movies Music Television Travel Living Gardening Columnists Celebrity Gossip Events Comics Puzzles Back to Main Menu Nancy Eshelman Dawn Marron Marcus Schneck George Weigel Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Cooking & Recipes Restaurants PennLive Picks Back to Main Menu Editorials Op-Eds John Micek's Morning Coffee Letters to the Editor Cartoons Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe to us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Tumblr Follow us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Patriot-News Central PA Magazine Newsletters Mobile Apps News Podcasts Sports Podcasts Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search PennLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to PennLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Patriot-News Central PA Magazine Newsletters Mobile Apps News Podcasts Sports Podcasts comments Driver points gun in Chambersburg road rage incident Print Email Daniel Simmons-Ritchie | simmons-ritchie@pennlive.com By Daniel Simmons-Ritchie | simmons-ritchie@pennlive.com The Patriot-News Email the author | Follow on Twitter on September 17, 2016 at 9:44 PM, updated September 18, 2016 at 1:25 AM comments State police say that a driver allegedly pointed a gun at another motorist in Chambersburg on Saturday in an apparent road rage incident. Police say they responded to the incident at 4:45 p.m. on State Route 30 in the area of Chambersburg Wal-Mart. The suspect then fled east on Lincoln Way East in a brown Ford Explorer, cutting motorists off. State police request that anyone with information about the incident or was a victim of the incident contact them (717-264-5161). PENNLIVE ON SOCIAL MEDIA Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest Tumblr Most Read Active Discussions Get 'Today's Front Page' in your inbox This newsletter is sent every morning at 6 a.m. and includes the morning's top stories, a full list of obituaries, links to comics and puzzles and the most recent news, sports and entertainment headlines. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for signing up for 'Today's Front Page' To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us PA Media Group Advertise with Us Contact Us Send Us a News Tip Frequently Asked Questions Career Opportunities FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions Manage your Patriot-News Subscription e-Newsletters PennLive Sections Home News Sports PSU Football High School Sports Entertainment Pa. Life & Culture Pa. Food & Dining Opinion Business Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Find n Save Local Businesses Mobile Apps iPhone, Android Apps | Tablet Apps More on PennLive Videos Photos Weather Contests Post a Job Post a Free Classified Ad Sell your Car Sell/Rent your Home Sitemap & Search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 PA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of PA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices


Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content News Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Marketplace Shopping DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search News 2016 Presidential Election Politics Crime Education Investigations Texas Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART DMN Contributors Network Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person News Commentary North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Gerald Morales via Twitter Father and son ID'd as victim and gunman in shooting that wounded Fort Worth officers Filed under Crime at Sep 17 Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Claire Ballor Claire Z. Cardona Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now The man who wounded two Fort Worth police officers Friday night had a history of run-ins with the law and drug use, according to neighbors and court records. Police have not identified the gunman and his father, who was found dead at the scene, but the Tarrant County medical examiner's office confirmed Martin Craig Fleece, 55, and Carl Fleece, 81, were the two men fatally shot in the 3800 block of Wharton Drive, according to the Fort Worth Star-Telegram.  Martin Craig Fleece Hood County Sheriff's Office After officers were called to the home about 8:30 p.m. Friday, they found Carl Fleece dead inside the home with a gunshot wound to his head.  Although a report of a suicide brought them to the home, police have not said who fired the shot. Officers were told a witness to the shooting had gone to a shed in the backyard. When they approached the shed, Craig Fleece opened fire, police said. Fort Worth Officers Xavier Serrano and Ray Azucena were struck by bullets but are expected to survive. Fort Worth Police Chief Joel Fitzgerald said in a statement released Saturday, "[the officers'] prognosis is very good and they are both expected to make a full recovery from their wounds and a return to their job of protecting and serving our citizens." We appreciate everyone's thoughts and prayers, FWPD Officers Serrano (left) and Azucena (right) are recovering well. pic.twitter.com/L6pFF356yp— Fort Worth Police (@fortworthpd) September 17, 2016 Hours after Craig Fleece shot at the officers, SWAT team members were able to approach the shed, where they found him dead with multiple gunshot wounds. It is not known whether those wounds were self-inflicted or from police gunfire. Family tensions A neighbor told the Star-Telegram there seemed to be recurring problems with Craig Fleece. Carl Fleece and his wife, Vaneda, lived in the home and their son stayed in the backyard shed for most of the last 20 years, the neighbor said. Carl was a retired lieutenant colonel in the Air Force and a decorated B-52 pilot who was known for his kindness. Carl Fleece was a retired lieutenant colonel in the Air Force and a decorated B-52 pilot. Fort Worth Star-Telegram "They are wonderful, wonderful people," the neighbor told the Star-Telegram. "Very soft-spoken, never poked their noses in other people's business, kept to themselves." But the topic of the son, he said, seemed to be a sore spot. "They didn't talk much about him, but they did mention they were having a difficult time with him," Ron said. "Every time it got brought up ... [Carl Fleece] would get upset about it." Another neighbor, Jesse Guadina, said the police had been at the Fleeces' home at least six times during the last three years because of their son.  "If he wasn't causing trouble to his parents, he was causing trouble to his brother," Guadina said. Troubled past Craig Fleece had a past fraught with criminal and manic behavior. In 1998, he was accused of trying to kill a man in Louisiana. The charge was pleaded down to attempted manslaughter, and he was ordered to serve six months in prison and five years probation. While on probation in 2004 for the Louisiana incident, Fleece stole an ambulance in Fort Worth and made purchases with a debit card he found inside. He told police he got into the ambulance to get warm and drove off when looks from passers-by made him uncomfortable.  He stopped at a Wal-Mart, where he used the debit card to buy cleaning supplies to clean the ambulance, he told police. Fleece said he had planned to drive the ambulance to a friend's house in Lancaster where he could clean it up, but decided to drive it back to Fort Worth and ran out of gas. A psychologist testified that Craig Fleece, who suffered from bipolar disorder and appeared to be in the middle of a manic episode when he stole the ambulance, thought he might get a job if he cleaned the vehicle.  The court decided the testimony was irrelevant, and Fleece was sentenced to three years for debit card abuse and unauthorized use of a motor vehicle. Staff writer Claire Z. Cardona contributed to this report. View Comments Tags Crime News Fort Worth Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to News More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2016, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
null
Contests e-Edition Obits 2° Rain Home Our Team Contact Us Advertising Info News BC News Sports BC Sports BC Games NFL Business BC Business Entertainment BC Arts & Entertainment Community Calendar Submit an Event Lifestyles BC Lifestyles Tourism Info Opinion BC Opinions Letters Web Poll N2K World Canada / World Sports Vancouver Impress   Place Classified Ad Browse Classifieds BC Jobs Connect with Us     Opinion Editorial: An overpass would help our divided city TWO people have been killed in five days while attempting to cross through CN's Terrace, B.C. rail yard. — image credit: STAFF PHOTO     Terrace, B.C. posted Sep 17, 2016 at 1:00 PM The prospect of building a pedestrian overpass above CN’s rail yard which runs through the middle of the city is much stronger when viewed as more than a method to reduce trespassing over the tracks. Proper fencing with regular maintenance to repair any holes cut by trespassers will largely take care of access to the rail yard. But in the far broader picture an overpass should be  considered as a needed method of foot and cyclist transit to better connect what is now a divided city. Save for the sidewalks of the Sande Overpass, at the far western end of the rail yard, and constituting a significant  journey for those on foot or on a bike, there is now no access between the southside and the northside of the city for the long stretch from the Sande Overpass to the area of Walmart. It’s a significant omission for southside residents who deserve the opportunity of access to the majority of the city’s recreational, shopping and other services on the northside. Consider the large amount of social and low income housing on the southside in the area east of Mills Memorial Hospital to near Walmart – which could soon be bolstered should a Ksan House Society apartment building be constructed in that neighbourhood – and the need for a pedestrian and cyclist overpass is even more obvious. Of all the needs facing the city, this is one of the more doable. We encourage an open exchange of ideas on this story's topic, but we ask you to follow our guidelines for respecting community standards. Personal attacks, inappropriate language, and off-topic comments may be removed, and comment privileges revoked, per our Terms of Use. Please see our FAQ if you have questions or concerns about using Facebook to comment. Related Stories Editorial: Terrace B.C. overpass an issue of inequity (November 05, 2016) Tactics increasingly divide pipeline protesters (November 01, 2016) 15 killed, many trapped in overpass collapse in India (March 31, 2016) Poll suggests two-thirds support for Energy East, but big regional divides (March 03, 2016) Divided NDP caucus to meet while Mulcair's interim leadership in question (September 12, 2016) Obama: America is not as divided as some suggest (July 09, 2016) CEOs look to bring together their divided customers, workers (November 15, 2016) South Africa's Semenya challenges the sex divide in sports (August 02, 2016) You might like ... Community Events, November 2016 Add an Event Terrace Standard Home Our Team Contact Us Advertising Info News BC News Sports BC Sports BC Games NFL Business BC Business Entertainment BC Arts & Entertainment Community Calendar Submit an Event Lifestyles BC Lifestyles Tourism Info Opinion BC Opinions Letters Web Poll N2K World Canada / World Sports Vancouver Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Our Mobile Apps Shop Classifieds BC Jobs Featured News Kelowna News About Us iServices Other Towns Careers Calendar Add an Event RSS Terms of Use Privacy Policy Commenting FAQ ©  2016  Copyright   Black Press, Inc.  All rights reserved. Black Press, Inc. About Us Our Titles Careers
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Dawna Friesen Carolyn Jarvis Liza Fromer Tom Clark More … Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Live Event 4 mins ago WATCH LIVE: Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan opens the Halifax International Security Forum Canada September 17, 2016 4:47 pm Pop-up food market opens in Halifax community By Natasha Pace Reporter  Global News ; A pop up market has recently started in Halifax. Natasha Pace/Global News What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen There’s a new venture underway by one Halifax community to try and help address food insecurity. The Bayers Westwood Community Centre recently launched a pop-up food market. The neighbourhood is home to the largest public housing area in the city and organizers say many of the residents use the food bank. Donna Sutton Lahmar, director of the centre, says because of this, access to fresh fruit and vegetables is limited. “We as a centre thought it was really important to bring this service to the community, which everyone can just tap into,” said Lahmar. WATCH: Halifax ranked lowest city in Canada for food affordability  Lahmar says the group community centre purchases the food at cost from a local vender and also sells every item at cost. All of the vegetables and fruit at the market are under $2. “It’s actually cheaper than Superstore. Some things are a little cheaper than Walmart, but for the most part things are cheaper than the Superstore,” she said. Organizers decided to start the market as a way to help provide the community with access to fresh food #Halifax pic.twitter.com/3KsCbJORjv — Natasha Pace (@NatashaPace) September 17, 2016 Many volunteers at the pop-up market are members of the Syrian community who recently arrived in Halifax. This is the sixth weekend the market has been held, with it selling out of food every time. Lahmar says the idea is part of a pilot project that will run until the end of October and then restart in May. Follow @NatashaPace © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error Bayers Westwood Community Centre Food Insecurity Halifax Nova Scotia NS Pop up market Syrian Refugees Editor's Picks Consumer How Trump's immigration crackdown could raise food prices for Canadians Politics Trudeau Liberals ‘trampling’ on women’s rights with new CPP regime: opposition Money Here's how much mortgage payments will go up as banks hike rates Consumer Text message fraud cost Canadians half a million dollars so far in 2016 Investigations Ontario schools are missing ‘perfect opportunity’ to address mental health amid rash of youth suicides Health Drugs aren’t tested on women like they are on men, and it could have deadly consequences Investigations How mental health should be taught in Canadian schools FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now Jon Stewart slams 'hypocrisy' of labelling all Donald Trump voters racist 9703 Earth on track to heat up to devastating levels by 2100, scientists say 8561 WATCH: Polar bear seen petting sled dog near Churchill, Manitoba 8270 Father sentenced to 40 years in jail for killing his daughter’s sexual abuser 7786 How the ‘mystery shopper’ scam fooled a young mother, a factory worker and a senior 5763 Sponsored content Popular Videos Expert weighs in on 14-year-old girl who wins right to be cryogenically frozen WATCH NOW Mystery shopping texts sent to Canadians turn out to be scam WATCH NOW MPs Michelle Rempel and Elizabeth May argue over the use of the word ‘fart’ in House of Commons WATCH NOW Man dies after falling into acidic hot spring in Yellowstone National Park WATCH NOW Love and loss, a Saskatoon couple shares their NICU story WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Life Obituaries Opinion Travel Insider Archives USA Today Media More Home News Sports Life Obituaries Opinion Travel Insider Archives USA Today Media Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Search Social Follow Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 2 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest For the Record Daily roundup of fire runs and police activity in Wayne County. Post to Facebook For the Record Daily roundup of fire runs and police activity in Wayne County.  Check out this story on pal-item.com: http://pinews.co/2d8DcNw {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. For the Record Palladium-Item 12:12 p.m. EDT September 17, 2016 Police chase (Photo: File) 2 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Fire runs Wayne County Richmond •3:33 p.m. Friday: Medical emergency, 2300 block of Union Pike •4:36 p.m. Friday: Medical emergency, 2000 block of Chester Boulevard •5:09 p.m. Friday: False alarm, 3700 block of Hodgin Road •5:19 p.m. Friday: Removal from stalled elevator, first block of South 22nd Street •7:44 p.m. Friday: Auto accident, 100 block of South 23rd Street •9:33 p.m. Friday: Medical emergency, 2300 block of East Main Street •11:29 p.m. Friday: Medical emergency, 700 block of South 13th Street •11:55 p.m. Friday: Auto fire, 200 block of North 19th Street •12:19 a.m. Saturday: Medical emergency, 100 block of South West Fourth Street •12:52 a.m. Saturday: Medical emergency, 1800 block of South 13th Street •1:31 a.m. Saturday: Medical emergency, 200 block of South 14th Street •1:57 a.m. Saturday: Medical emergency, 100 block of Fort Wayne Avenue •3:04 a.m. Saturday: Medical emergency, 1300 block of South Fifth Street Police report Wayne County Incidents reported The following individuals or businesses reported incidents to the police: •James Grigsby, Milton: Burglary, 15000 block of Lindsey Road, reported Sept. 10 •Fountain City juvenile: Intimidation, 7200 block of U.S. 27 North, 4:10 p.m. Thursday •Walmart, Richmond: Theft, 3600 block of East Main Street, 5:45 p.m. Thursday •Eric Mills, Richmond: Theft, 3600 block of East Main Street, 8:30 p.m. Tuesday •Tena Teufel, Richmond: Property damage, 100 block of North 16th Street, 11 p.m. Thursday •David Ingram, Richmond: Fraud, first block of Washington Court, reported Friday •Steve Rabe, Richmond: Theft, 200 block of Kinsey Street, reported Friday •Richmond woman: Battery, 700 block of South Seventh Street, 1:18 a.m. Friday •Walmart, Richmond: Conversion, 3600 block of East Main Street, 1:40 p.m. Friday •State of Indiana: Property damage, 2400 block of West Main Street, 6:27 p.m. Friday 2 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://pinews.co/2d8DcNw TOP VIDEOS Ben Sullivan signs with West Point 1:10 Hollingsworth signs with IUPUI Tennis 0:55 Richmond boys basketball prepares for 2016-17 2:03 Knights sign for college programs 0:52 Hagerstown wins volleyball regional 1:37 Officer Tim Davis teaches Halloween safety lessons 3:34 RPD investigates North 15th shooting 1:24 Richmond qualifies for state tennis 2:34 Indiana 1 accident injures both drivers Oct. 3, 2016 0:54 Centerville celebrates huge victory 0:32 More Stories Richmond's Holiday Parade under new leadership Nov. 17, 2016, 10:44 p.m. Wayne County residents wonder what's to come for Obamacare Nov. 17, 2016, 7:27 p.m. Educators look for usable data in ISTEP scores Nov. 17, 2016, 5:31 p.m. Go: Electric violin, comedy, crafts and more Nov. 16, 2016, 8:27 p.m.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Life Obituaries Opinion Travel Insider Archives USA Today Media More Home News Sports Life Obituaries Opinion Travel Insider Archives USA Today Media Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Search Social Follow Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 9 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Court news: Teen requests speedy trial on 12 charges One of three Richmond residents arrested for an August weekend crime spree has exercised his right to a speedy trial. Post to Facebook Court news: Teen requests speedy trial on 12 charges One of three Richmond residents arrested for an August weekend crime spree has exercised his right to a speedy trial.  Check out this story on pal-item.com: http://pinews.co/2cuzhGS {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Court news: Teen requests speedy trial on 12 charges Mike Emery , mwemery@pal-item.com 4:49 p.m. EDT September 17, 2016 Rodney W. Blevins II (Photo: Supplied) 9 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE One of three Richmond residents arrested for an August weekend crime spree has exercised his right to a speedy trial. Rodney W. Blevins II, 19, of the 1500 block of South 11th Street requested the speedy trial during a Sept. 2 initial hearing in Wayne Superior Court II. His trial was scheduled for 9 a.m. Oct. 3. Blevins was formally charged with 10 felonies and two misdemeanors after his Aug. 29 arrest along with Zachary T. Peacock and Ashley N. Sparks. He is charged with three counts of burglary (a Level 2 and two Level 4 felonies), four counts of conspiracy to commit burglary (a Level 2 and three Level 4 felonies), conspiracy to commit armed robbery (a Level 3 felony), attempt to commit burglary (a Level 4 felony), robbery (a Level 5 felony) and two counts of theft (both Class A misdemeanors). Blevins, Peacock and Sparks were arrested after police responded to a domestic dispute call. During the investigation, officers came across a gun they were told was stolen during a home burglary then was used in a series of crimes. Most of the crimes allegedly occurred from Aug. 26-Aug. 28. Because he was wanted for allegedly violating terms of a pretrial drug diversion program, Blevins has remained in the Wayne County Jail since his arrest. He faces charges of fraud (a Level 6 felony) and theft (a Class A misdemeanor) in that case, which is scheduled for an Oct. 24 trial. Peacock and Sparks were released on their own recognizance when the court didn't receive formal charges within 48 hours of their arrests, but they were arrested again Sept. 1 during RPD's investigation of a possible robbery in the 1200 block of Ridge Street. Zachary T. Peacock  (Photo: Supplied) Peacock, 20, of the 3800 block of Endsley Road now faces the same 12 charges as Blevins in one case and is charged with Level 6 felony attempt to commit residential entry in the second case. Peacock, who remains in the jail, also faces a probation violation following his release this year from prison after he served a seven-year sentence for armed robbery and burglary for using a handgun to rob the Clark station at 100 Richmond Ave. in 2013. Both new cases and the petition to revoke probation are scheduled for trial on Dec. 6 in Wayne Circuit Court, Ashley N. Sparks  (Photo: Supplied) Sparks, 25, of the 500 block of South West 16th Street faces four counts of aiding or inducing burglary (a Level 2 and three Level 4 felonies), four counts of conspiracy to commit burglary (a Level 2 and three Level 4 felonies), aiding or inducing armed robbery (a Level 3 felony), conspiracy to commit armed robbery (a Level 3 felony) and two counts of aiding or inducing theft (Class A misdemeanors). In her second case, Sparks, who remains jailed, is charged with Level 5 felony intimidation and Level 6 felony attempt to commit residential entry. A trial on the second case is scheduled for Nov. 28 in Superior II, but no trial has been scheduled for the first case, according to court records. Liberty man's trial set for Nov. 29 A Liberty man's trial in two cases has been scheduled for Nov. 29 in Circuit Court. James Goubeaux, 32, of the 400 block of North Woodland Court was arrested Aug. 28 after a nearly nine-hour manhunt. James Goubeaux  (Photo: Supplied) The hunt began after the alleged use of a stolen credit card at Richmond's Wal-Mart and continued with two burglary incidents. He was captured after he told good Samaritans helping him that he was lost, and they asked officers to help him find his way. He was formally charged with theft and attempted fraud (both Level 6 felonies) in one case and with two counts of burglary (Level 4 felonies) in the second case. He also is accused of being a habitual offender in the second case. Goubeaux, who remains jailed, also has a plea and sentencing hearing set for 2:30 p.m. Oct. 24 in Randolph County on charges of conversion and driving while suspended (both Class A misdemeanors). A woman who tried to use a stolen credit card at Wal-Mart was caught on foot on nearby Avon Lane as Goubeaux began eluding police. Ashley R. Reed  (Photo: Supplied) Ashley R. Reed, 33, of the 1500 block of South Ninth Street in Richmond is formally charged with attempt to commit fraud and two counts of theft (all Level 6 felonies). In a previous case, she is charged with theft and unlawful possession of a syringe (both Level 6 felonies). Her trials also are scheduled for Nov. 29 in Circuit Court. 9 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://pinews.co/2cuzhGS TOP VIDEOS Ben Sullivan signs with West Point 1:10 Hollingsworth signs with IUPUI Tennis 0:55 Richmond boys basketball prepares for 2016-17 2:03 Knights sign for college programs 0:52 Hagerstown wins volleyball regional 1:37 Officer Tim Davis teaches Halloween safety lessons 3:34 RPD investigates North 15th shooting 1:24 Richmond qualifies for state tennis 2:34 Indiana 1 accident injures both drivers Oct. 3, 2016 0:54 Centerville celebrates huge victory 0:32 More Stories Richmond's Holiday Parade under new leadership Nov. 17, 2016, 10:44 p.m. Wayne County residents wonder what's to come for Obamacare Nov. 17, 2016, 7:27 p.m. Educators look for usable data in ISTEP scores Nov. 17, 2016, 5:31 p.m. Go: Electric violin, comedy, crafts and more Nov. 16, 2016, 8:27 p.m.
null
null
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg Clean Energy Won Big. So Where’s the Party? No sooner had the renewables industry gained lucrative U.S. subsidies than there was a steep decline in power-purchase deals. Eric Roston eroston Brian Eckhouse brianreports September 16, 2016 — 8:00 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp To the skeptic, it may look like a con.  The renewable-energy industry won lucrative U.S. subsidies and immediately snapped into inaction. Advocates had lobbied hard for the revival or extension of wind and solar federal tax credits that came in December. With victory in hand ... very little followed. The industry's windfall hasn't spurred tremendous growth. In some cases, the renewal of the credits actually prompted a sudden slowdown in growth. Without the context, it kinda looks like they won and now they're just sitting on their bums. One notable example is the number of long-term power-purchase agreements (PPAs) signed by corporations. The deals have slowed sharply, leading to a much slower addition of generating capacity this year. In 2015, the wind industry signed more than 2.3 gigawatts of contracts with corporate buyers, in 20 deals. This year through August, it had signed 631 megawatts, in nine deals. Solar, meanwhile, has slowed from 726 megawatts contracted across 11 deals last year to 163 megawatts across three deals, according to 2016 data through August from Bloomberg New Energy Finance. "Many companies that signed those deals in 2015 were afraid that there wouldn't be a tax credit again," said Jacob Susman, vice president and head of origination at EDF Renewable Energy. "That's a big reason why 2015 was so big." So why does 2016 look so small? Incentives can be disincentives With change in the tax credit regime believed to be imminent, developers and corporate clients treated 2015 as a race against time. Developers wanted to lock in long-term contracts so they could finish construction by the end of this year. Companies didn't want to lose a chance to manage their own clean power at the full subsidy level. "There was such a flurry that people may be taking a breather," said Pete Dignan, CEO of Boulder, Colorado-based Renewable Choice Energy. "But there's significant activity ahead." The new long-term subsidy period allows developers and potential corporate buyers to be more thoughtful in their planning and negotiations—to pace themselves. "A whole bunch of folks decided they just didn't have enough time and backed off," said Dignan, who said he had anticipated a slow start to this year. "They've re-started." Dignan said Renewable Choice is talking to several hundred companies looking seriously at corporate PPAs. Power prices are low Companies sign renewable-power purchase agreements partly so they have a sense of what they'll be paying for clean electricity years ahead of time. There's always a risk, though, that market power prices will dip below their contracted level. At the moment, power is relatively inexpensive. Market prices have slid since mid-2014. That makes it much harder for would-be PPA customers to find a better deal.  Executives antsy to boost their U.S. clean-energy portfolios probably did so last year, when the clock on subsidies was thought to be ticking. "Growth will have to come from new entrants or add-on deals from existing players," said Nathan Serota, a solar analyst at Bloomberg New Energy Finance. But they have less incentive at the moment, because "rock-bottom power prices" are making renewable PPAs less attractive today. When prices are low, the market is already giving companies a deal on power, so they hold off on taking advantage of tax credits until prices rise again. ‘Sustainable’ demand is waiting in the wings The top 20 institutions—companies, governments, and universities—are pursuing these deals for reasons not limited to price, so a blip in activity this year may be masking pent demand. At least seven of the top 20 PPA signers this year have committed, on varying time scales, to sourcing 100 percent of their power from renewables: Google, Facebook, Wal-Mart Stores, Mars, Nestle, Steelcase, and Salesforce. Dow Chemical wants 750 MW of renewables by 2025. By 2020 Target wants to raise to 500 the number of its buildings that have rooftop solar power.  And the renewables sector isn't quite a ghost town. Amazon.com Inc. yesterday announced a 253MW facility planned for Texas that will produce enough electricity to power the equivalent of about 90,000 homes. That single play puts it ahead of where Google, which has been at it a while, and Norsk Hydro were at the end of August in this calendar year. In fact, it's the second-largest single U.S. corporate purchase to be announced, according to the American Wind Energy Association. Johnson & Johnson told Bloomberg News this morning it has committed to buying half the output from a 200-megawatt wind project being developed in Texas by EON SE.  The next big wave may be powered by smaller companies. "A lot of companies are looking for a dance partner," said John Carson, CEO of Vancouver, British Columbia-based Alterra Power Corp. "They see the Wal-Marts and the Googles." Does the U.S. even need subsidies?  California solar and Texas wind may represent the most mature markets for renewable power. Wind farms stud the Midwest. Solar panels collect sunlight from the Mid-Atlantic states to New England.  This map shows the distribution of large (larger than 1 MW) wind- and solar-fueled power plants in the U.S. SOURCE: U.S. Energy Information Administration But not every place in the U.S. has jumped on the renewables bandwagon. That makes the federal incentives for corporate buyers a bulwark against apathy or hostility to clean energy in the rest of the country, so there's still plenty of work for subsidies to do. "Will it be 3.4 gigawatts in 2016? Probably not," EDF's Susman said. "Will it be 2 gigawatts or more annually for the foreseeable future? Probably so.'' Hannah Hunt, a research analyst at AWEA, called it "a remarkable period of stability." To meet President Barack Obama's ambitious 2050 climate goal, the U.S. will need all the clean gigawatts it can muster and, probably, new policies to encourage construction. A sustainable energy system can be yours for the low, low price of 1 percent of GDP.  (Updates paragraph below third chart with Johnson and Johnson news.) (Corrects the chart on the top 20 corporate PPA buyers to show that the figures are global and in megawatts.) Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Global warming renewables sustainable Climate Change Solar power energy subsidies Clean Energy Wind Energy Fossil Fuel Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Sections Search the print archives Sections This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Why being ‘basic’ is bad for Starbucks Once a luxury brand, the coffee retailer has become so ubiquitous that it’s lost its lustre. After becoming a staple brand for coffee drinkers, Starbucks is trying to reinvent itself as a luxury brand.  (Marcus Oleniuk / Toronto Star) | Order this photo   By Abha BhattaraiThe Washington Post Sat., Sept. 17, 2016 With 24,000 locations across the world, Starbucks has become an everyday stop for millions. But that ubiquity could now be its problem. “Starbucks is now competing with chains like Dunkin’ Donuts and McDonald’s,” Business Insider proclaimed this week. “It has gotten, in a sense, too basic.” “Basic,” according to Urban Dictionary, is a pejorative term used to describe anything “involving obscenely obvious behavior, dress, action.” Other examples of brands deemed basic: Lululemon, Michael Kors and Ugg Australia. So what’s an overexposed company to do? Article Continued Below Starbucks in recent years has begun looking for ways to restore its lustre. In December 2014, it opened a Roastery & Tasting Room in Seattle, where $10 cold brews are the norm. The high-end concept is soon to expand to New York and Shanghai, with nearly a dozen other locations in the works, according to Business Insider: “The premium coffee experience of the Roasteries is intended to have the trickle-down effect. The chain plans to open roughly 500 Reserve stores, which offers premium Roastery beverages and artisanal Princi food, and 1,500 stores with Reserve bars, which will serve drinks made in a wider variety of styles such as pour-over and siphoning.” It’s all part of an effort, analysts say, to reinvent itself as a luxury brand. But can a brand that’s gone mainstream turn high-end again? It’s a quandary that brands like Apple, Michael Kors and Coach have also faced in recent years, as they look to balance widespread popularity with upscale cachet. “I’ll just say this: It’s much harder to go upmarket than it is to do the opposite,” said Milton Pedraza, chief executive of the Luxury Institute, a New York-based market research firm. “What Starbucks has to do at a higher level is to be personal, like when you go to Hermes and the salesperson knows your name, or when you buy a Tesla and you’re in a high-street showroom.” When it was founded in 1971, Starbucks was a premium brand, offering a higher-priced but also better-quality cup of coffee than most Americans were used to. In the decades since, Americans have taken to it in droves, making the Seattle-based brand a staple, as ubiquitous as McDonald’s or Walmart. “They’ve set the bar high, and now they have to keep moving to an even higher level,” Pedraza said. It’s a phenomenon Pam Danzinger calls “lux-flation”: Our ideas of what constitutes a premium product or experience are always evolving. “A brand like Starbucks starts at the top, and as it expands, it becomes the new normal,” said Danzinger, author of Putting the Luxe Back in Luxury. “Now it’s got to create that mystique once again.” Need another example? Just look to Apple, Danzinger says. A decade or two ago, the company’s iMacs and MacBooks were seen as coveted novelty items. Today, just about everybody has at least one Apple device, which, she says, is why the company is reinventing its retail locations with free Wi-Fi, ficus trees and weekend concerts. “They’re putting the human touch back into the equation,” Danzinger said. “That’s one way to regain that luxury edge.” It’s not always an easy proposition, Pedraza says. Coach had tried for years to win back an air of exclusivity to no avail, as have Michael Kors and Kate Spade. But, he says, there have been some successes: In the early ‘90s, Gucci was almost done for. The Italian fashion company was in financial despair and its creative director was quoted as saying “no one would dream of wearing Gucci.” Then, Tom Ford took over and revived the brand, boosting sales and restoring the company to its previous glory. “There are examples, but it takes a lot of money and a lot of paring back,” Pedraza said. “And frankly, not every company has the courage to do that. Everything is so grow, grow, grow in today’s world. And before you know it, you have a mainstream brand that isn’t special anymore.” Read more about: Starbucks The Morning Headlines NewsletterDelivered daily to your inbox. Sign up More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 9°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Three NBA teams won’t stay at Trump hotels this season Bucks attempted to cancel reservations at Chicago’s Trump International Tower and Hotel in preseason and staying elsewhere for their other two games against Bulls. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: U.S. Election Trump Fact Check Blue Jays Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2016 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Gymnastics Girls Volleyball Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Softball Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Sponsored Blogs Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments 6-day span sees 5 arrested on drug charges in Bayonne: cops Print Email Jonathan Lin | The Jersey Journal By Jonathan Lin | The Jersey Journal The Jersey Journal on September 17, 2016 at 3:00 AM comments On Sept. 1, a 29-year-old Bayonne man was arrested in the area of 20th Street and Broadway on the charge of possessing under 50 grams of marijuana. He was later released on a summons, police said. That incident was followed by the Sept. 4 arrest of John D. Mays, 54, of Jersey City, who was charged with shoplifting and possessing cocaine and drug paraphernalia at a Walmart at 500 Bayonne Crossing Way. On Sept. 6, Reymundo Rodriguez Jr., 25, of Bayonne was arrested  on the charge of possessing Xanax after he and a 16-year-old boy were found kicking a car, police said. Both were charged with criminal mischief. Also on Sept. 6, Joseph R. Alvarez, 40, of Bayonne was charged with possessing more than an ounce of marijuana with intent to distribute. Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries N.J. News In Your Inbox From local news to politics to entertainment and sports, the twice daily Right Now eNewsletter has all of the New Jersey news you need! Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Get Healthy: Health & Fitness Info for N.J. Why STDs are up in N.J., a ranking of all 21 counties A purpose-driven life offers surprising protection against Alzheimer's These 25 hospitals got the top grade in safety ratings MORE HEALTH & FITNESS NEWS » Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Securifi Announces Nest Integration, Expands Almond Smart Home Automation Hub 17.09.2016 | 10:12 (2 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Securifi Announces Nest Integration, Expands Almond Smart Home Automation Hub Almond+ and Almond 2015 Wireless Touchscreen Routers Get Smarter with WiFi Presence Sensors and Local Controls RENO, Nevada, Dec. 14, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Securifi, creator of the world's first touchscreen wireless router, today announced the integration of Almond+ and Almond 2015 with the Nest Thermostat and Nest Protect, creating the ultimate experience in smart home automation. Almond users can now get smarter with the addition of WiFi presence sensors, local controls, and one-touch controls for screen settings. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151211/295384LOGO "The average consumer is often intimidated by routers, the technology and the setup process so we wanted to provide a product that would be beautifully designed and simple to use," said Rammohan Malasani, CEO, Securifi. "With intuitive, easy to use interface, Almond makes it simple for users to integrate all of their connected devices." Key upgraded capabilities include: WiFi Triggers. Because smartphones connect to Almond via WiFi, the presence of a phone on the network can automatically trigger a set of actions. For example, when an Almond user returns home, and their phone connects to their WiFi network, Almond can change settings, unlock doors, or raise the temperature. Nest Integration. The Almond can now control the Nest Thermostat and Nest Protect, with the ability to broker between two smartphone controllers. For example, if one person has the thermostat set to 65 and the other has it set to 70, the thermostat will settle at 68 when both phones are present. Local Control for Better Privacy and Cloud-Free Access. Almond is the only home automation hub that doesn't require an internet connection. Users can control smart home devices even when the internet is down, and home device data is not shared with the cloud, ensuring a higher level of privacy. Scenes for One-Touch Control. Almond enables users to create a "scene" or series of simultaneous actions that can all take place with one tap of a button. For example, users can turn off the lights, set the alarm and lock the doors with a single touch before going to bed. Almond users can control all their smart home devices such as front doors, garage doors, entry/motion sensors, temperature/humidity controls, and appliances, turning the humble wireless router into a universal, user friendly home automation hub. Almond routers are available for purchase at Securifi.com and at leading retailers including Amazon, Costco, Best Buy, Walmart, Office Depot, QVC and more. ABOUT SECURIFI Securifi is defining next generation consumer routers and home automation products. Creator of the world's first touchscreen wireless router, the Almond, the company's mission is to create premium, easy to use consumer electronics products and make them available at affordable prices. Securifi has offices in Reno, Dubai, Hyderabad and Taiwan. For more information, please visit www.securifi.com. https://www.securifi.com/presskit Press Contact: Debra Benson on behalf of Securifi Illume Public Relations 310-595-0646 / securifi@illumepr.com © 2016 PR Newswire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Sections News Buy Photos Obituaries Archives Vietnam Revisited Most Wanted Meet the Police Above and Beyond Submit News Tips Cops and Courts Past 7 days Stocks and Finance Blogs Lost Photos Mommy Mentions Building Bookshelves Sports Golf Nascar Outdoors Past 7 days Opinion Thunder/Enlightning Past 7 Days People Games Lottery TV Listings Gas Prices Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Data Center School Databases Schuylkill Living Magazine Latest Issue of SLM Advertise in SLM Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Customer Service Contact Us Submit News Tips Manage my subscription Birthday Form Become a Carrier NIE e-Edition Calendar Subscribe UNLIMITED ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Pottsville Republican Herald Unlimited Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital e-Edition of The Republican Herald on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at republicanherald.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device, read the e-Edition sign up for daily newsletters, activate your unlimited access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Opinion • People • Obituaries • Contact • Photos • e-Edition • Classifieds Police log, Sept. 17, 2016 POLL Do you go to the gym? Yes No Show results This poll is not scientific and is meant for entertainment purposes. Win a $50 gas card! Win TWO Tickets To Kacey Musgraves: A Very Kacey Christmas Win tickets to Melissa Etheridge's Holiday Trio Dec 4th! Enter to win a $100 Amazon Gift Card courtesy of SCEC Enter the No-Shave Movember Contest! Staff reports / Published: September 17, 2016 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     Arson suspect found in NYC A man charged by Pottsville police with setting a home on fire Aug. 25 was returned from New York on Thursday where he fled after the incident. Police said that Pottsville officers, with the assistance of New York City police, took Peter E. Fulton, 21, of Pottsville, into custody and transported him back to Schuylkill County. He was arraigned by on-call Magisterial District Judge David A. Plachko, Port Carbon, on charges of felony arson, recklessly endangering another person, risking a catastrophe and criminal mischief. Fulton was then committed to Schuylkill County Prison, unable to post $150,000 straight cash bail. Police said Fulton started a fire that damaged a home at 315 Morgan Ave. about 11 p.m. by lighting a mattress on fire. The man then fled to New York. He was receiving treatment at a facility there at the time he was identified as the person responsible for the fire. On Aug. 25, police said, they obtained an arrest warrant for Fulton and planned to take him into custody upon his release from the treatment facility. Fulton will now have to answer to the charges at a preliminary hearing before Magisterial District Judge James K. Reiley, Pottsville. No injuries were reported by first responders and the house is salvageable, police said. Tremont man faces drug charge TREMONT — Tremont police charged a borough man in connection with an incident about 3:20 p.m. Sept. 10 at 57 Spring St. Police said Blake E. Seigrist, 19, of 204 W. Main St., will have to appear before Magisterial District Judge David J. Rossi, Tremont, on charges of possession of a controlled substance, corruption of minors and possession of drug paraphernalia. Police said officers were called to the parking lot of St. Peter’s Church for a report of three people smoking marijuana. At the scene, police said, officers found Seigrist and two juveniles. When asked if had drugs, Seigrist admitted having marijuana in his backpack. One of the juveniles said the three had just smoked marijuana, and Seigrist admitted providing that marijuana, police said. Police investigate theft from car LYKENS — State police at Lykens are investigating a theft that occurred Sept. 1 or 2 at 317 Spruce St. in this Dauphin County community. Police said Robert C. Brown reported someone entered his vehicle without permission and stole an item from inside. Anyone with information is asked to call state police at 717-362-8700. Police: Thief took vehicle batteries HAMBURG — State police at Hamburg are investigating a burglary that occurred about 12:30 a.m. Sept. 5 at Wal-Mart, 1800 Tilden Ridge Drive in Tilden Township, Berks County. Police said someone forced their way into a caged structure in the rear of the store and stole about 52 automotive batteries before fleeing the area. Police said that they have a suspect in custody for similar burglaries in the area. Hamburg man faces theft charge HAMBURG — A 19-year-old Hamburg man was charged with theft by state police at Hamburg after an incident between 2 and 11 a.m. Sept. 6 at 331 Haas Road in Windsor Township, Berks County. Police said Dawayne L. Hoffler took a woman’s vehicle without her permission and also her cellphone. Police said Hoffler was taken into custody and transported to Berks County Central Processing. Both the vehicle and cellphone were recovered and returned to the owner. We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 111 Mahantongo Street Pottsville, PA 17901 1-570-622-3456 CONTACT US Copyright ©2016 Pottsville Republican, Inc. PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS PEOPLE OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND POTTSVILLE JOBS Facebook Twitter      
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Gymnastics Girls Volleyball Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Softball Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Sponsored Blogs Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Bayonne Times Edition front and back page news: Saturday, September 17, 2016 jjbaycovs0917.jpg Print Email The Jersey Journal By The Jersey Journal The Jersey Journal on September 17, 2016 at 3:30 AM comments Workers ruptured a gas line yesterday while attempting to repair a water main break in Bayonne, according to a city official. Bayonne kids had a special day at Yankees Stadium, and got to meet outfielder Bret Gardner. Plus, a Kearny police officer shot an alleged shoplifter as the suspect was driving toward him while fleeing in the Walmart parking lot, officials say. In Sports, the Snyder football team easily took down Marist, and Kearny girls soccer standout Megan McClelland is heading to Jordan with the rest of the FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup team.   Local Resources Local Government Public Library School District Schools Report Card Bayonne Historical Society Bayonne Knights of Columbus Catholic War Veterans Post 1612 Bayonne Hospitals & Medical Centers Bayonne Malls Museums in Bayonne Religion and Spirituality in Bayonne Churches in Bayonne Bayonne Serives Garbage and recycling Parks Sirius dog park Permit parking Chamber of commerce Places of worship School closings and delays Recreation Department Real Estate Bayonne real estate Apartments for rent in Bayonne Bayonne foreclosures New homes for sale in Bayonne Classifieds Bayonne classifieds For Sale Pets Services Bayonne Businesses Bayonne NJ jobs Bayonne business listings Bayonne shopping, deals & discounts Restaurants in Bayonne Bayonne movie theaters Hudson From the Jersey Journal Town news Bayonne Journal More Jersey Journal Hudson County Now nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Log In 1 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Revels Life Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds log in Site Archive Herb Rothschild Jr.: Measure 97 explained Saturday Sep 17, 2016 at 12:01 AM Measure 97 is the most significant measure on our upcoming state ballot. If passed, it will raise funds dedicated to education, health care and senior services by increasing the minimum tax on corporations with more than $25 million in annual Oregon sales. Estimates of the new revenue range from $2 billion to $3 billion every year, so the stakes are high for Oregon residents and for the affected corporations. To date, supporters have raised $1.5 million for the campaign, opponents almost $8 million. I’ve already invested time, energy, and money in Measure 97. My motive is simple — I’m committed to the public good, and the public good in Oregon has been compromised by an unbalanced and inadequately productive tax structure. But my purpose in this column and its two sequels isn’t to persuade you to vote for Measure 97. You probably will anyway, because you too are devoted to the public good. My purpose is educational. The issue involves several complexities, and I want to help you sort them out before we get barraged with competing claims. I hope you’ll then use the information to help others who may be undecided because they’re confused. I’ll start with the main players. Both sides are stressing who stands to win or lose. So one framing narrative is that it’s big corporations vs. public sector unions. There’s truth in that framing — almost all the campaign money is coming from those sources. But truth won’t be served if we take that to mean it’s a contest between competing self-interests, not between private interests and the public good. The new tax would be levied on about 1,000 corporations, the large majority of which (e.g. Walmart, Shell Oil, Home Depot) are headquartered out of state. By opposing Measure 97, management of these corporations are protecting their profits. Of course they’re using arguments suggesting less self-interested motives, but make no mistake: They’re working for their shareholders. The main promoter of Measure 97 has been the Oregon Education Association, our public teachers’ union. Its most important allies have been two other unions representing public employees — SEIU and AFSCME. Whose interests are they advancing? Doubtless, passage will make raises more likely, though the unions must negotiate wages and benefits with each agency and school district. But the new funds will expand and improve public services in many ways. Take education. For 25 years Oregon has been disinvesting in its public schools. Here are some of the results: In 2014-2015 Oregon had the third largest class sizes in the country. In 2014-2015, Oregon students averaged 169.9 days in the classroom. Most states require a minimum 180 days per school year. Oregon once had more than 1,200 career and technical education programs. Now there are fewer than 700. In 2013-14 the National Center for Education Statistics ranked Oregon’s graduation rate fourth lowest in the U.S. Education Week ranked Oregon 35th in school funding, with a D+ grade. One more example: A 2014 U.S. Justice Dept. report faulted Oregon for woefully inadequate community mental health services. It’s to correct deficiencies like these that public employees are seeking more state revenue. Next week I’ll explain what taxes corporations now pay in Oregon. In the following I’ll examine the claim that consumers, not large corporations, will foot the bill for Measure 97. — Herb Rothschild's column appears in the Tidings every Saturday.   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Reader Services Subscriptions Subscriber controls Contact us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the editor Corrections Alerts Email alerts RSS feeds Text Alerts Advertise Media Kit Home Products and services Ad rates Advertising contacts Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse Opinion Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. DailyTidings.com ~ P.O. Box 1108, Medford, OR 97501 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime Education Environment Business Politics and elections State News Nation - World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports High school Southern Oregon University Auto Racing Voices Editorial Letters Guest opinions Columns Chris Honore Council Corner Editor's Notes Jeffrey Gillespie Herb Rothschild Revels Theater Music Visual Art Movies Food and Drink Cruelest Month: Poetry Blog Lifestyle Aging Happens As It Was Inner Peace Column Inner Peace Blog Mocha Musings We Regret to Inform You Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs Contests Branded Content Submit Your News Subscriber Subscriber controls Email alerts Text Alerts Subscriptions Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Advertising contacts Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 29 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 18, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News NOV 18, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 29 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Clean energy won big. So where’s the party? By ERIC ROSTON AND BRIAN ECKHOUSE Bloomberg News First Published Sep 17 2016 01:05AM    •    Last Updated Sep 17 2016 01:05 am Single page Share This Article To the skeptic, it may look like a con. The renewable-energy industry won lucrative U.S. subsidies and immediately snapped into inaction. Advocates had lobbied hard for the revival or extension of wind and solar federal tax credits that came in December. With victory in hand . . . very little followed. The industry's windfall hasn't spurred tremendous growth. In some cases, the renewal of the credits actually prompted a sudden slowdown in growth. Without the context, it kind of looks like they won and now they're just sitting on their bums. One notable example is the number of long-term power-purchase agreements (PPAs) signed by corporations. The deals have slowed sharply, leading to a much slower addition of generating capacity this year. VIDEOS TOP JOBS In 2015, the wind industry signed more than 2.3 gigawatts of contracts with corporate buyers, in 20 deals. This year through August, it had signed 631 megawatts, in nine deals. Solar, meanwhile, has slowed from 726 megawatts contracted across 11 deals last year to 163 megawatts across three deals, according to 2016 data through August from Bloomberg New Energy Finance. "Many companies that signed those deals in 2015 were afraid that there wouldn't be a tax credit again," said Jacob Susman, vice president and head of origination at EDF Renewable Energy. "That's a big reason why 2015 was so big." So why does 2016 look so small? With change in the tax credit regime believed to be imminent, developers and corporate clients treated 2015 as a race against time. Developers wanted to lock in long-term contracts so they could finish construction by the end of this year. Companies didn't want to lose a chance to manage their own clean power at the full subsidy level. "There was such a flurry that people may be taking a breather," said Pete Dignan, CEO of Boulder, Colorado-based Renewable Choice Energy. "But there's significant activity ahead." The new long-term subsidy period allows developers and potential corporate buyers to be more thoughtful in their planning and negotiations - to pace themselves. "A whole bunch of folks decided they just didn't have enough time and backed off," said Dignan, who said he had anticipated a slow start to this year. "They've re-started." Dignan said Renewable Choice is talking to several hundred companies looking seriously at corporate PPAs. Companies sign renewable-power purchase agreements partly so they have a sense of what they'll be paying for clean electricity years ahead of time. There's always a risk, though, that market power prices will dip below their contracted level. At the moment, power is relatively inexpensive. Market prices have slid since mid-2014. That makes it much harder for would-be PPA customers to find a better deal. Executives antsy to boost their U.S. clean-energy portfolios probably did so last year, when the clock on subsidies was thought to be ticking. "Growth will have to come from new entrants or add-on deals from existing players," said Nathan Serota, a solar analyst at Bloomberg New Energy Finance. But they have less incentive at the moment, because "rock-bottom power prices" are making renewable PPAs less attractive today. When prices are low, the market is already giving companies a deal on power, so they hold off on taking advantage of tax credits until prices rise again. The top 20 institutions - companies, governments, and universities - are pursuing these deals for reasons not limited to price, so a blip in activity this year may be masking pent demand. At least seven of the top 20 PPA signers this year have committed, on varying time scales, to sourcing 100 percent of their power from renewables: Google, Facebook, Wal-Mart Stores, Mars, Nestle, Steelcase, and Salesforce. Dow Chemical wants 750 MW of renewables by 2025. By 2020 Target wants to raise to 500 the number of its buildings that have rooftop solar power. And the renewables sector isn't quite a ghost town. Amazon.com this week announced a 253MW facility planned for Texas that will produce enough electricity to power the equivalent of about 90,000 homes. That single play puts it ahead of where Google, which has been at it a while, and Norsk Hydro were at the end of August in this calendar year. In fact, it's the second-largest single U.S. corporate purchase to be announced, according to the American Wind Energy Association. The next big wave may be powered by smaller companies. "A lot of companies are looking for a dance partner," said John Carson, CEO of Vancouver, British Columbia-based Alterra Power Corp. "They see the Wal-Marts and the Googles." » Next page... Single page   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES It's not easy being black at BYU, film shows Garrison Keillor: Politics is not everything. Life goes on Utah football: Hunter Dimick takes center stage for Utah's defense Utah legislators don't have to look far to see results of storage tank bill Women's basketball: Dangerfield scores 19 to lead No. 3 UConn over No. 2 Baylor ELEVATE Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   From Wall St to Hawaii to Utah Valley: UVU Professor Cary Wasden Mentors MBA Finance Students   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
Get News Alerts Real Estate Open Houses Highest Priced Homes for Sale Ask a Realtor Broker & Agent News Home Sales Commercial Properties Residential New Home Communities Real Deal Find a Property | Place an Online Listing © 2016 North Jersey Media Group September 17, 2016 Last updated: Saturday, September 17, 2016, 1:21 AM Social events bring neighbors together at The Waverly The Record It was quite a happy hour on a recent Thursday evening when more than 60 residents of The Waverly gathered at the nearby Brick House Tavern + Tap in Neptune. A trendy foodie destination conveniently located up the road from the property, it was an energetic atmosphere full of new neighbors, mixing and mingling while enjoying complimentary cocktails and hors d’oeurves. Photo courtesy of BNE REAL ESTATE GROUP The Waverly is a community of 272 rental residences in Neptune. Monthly prices start from the $1,700s. This was certainly not the first or last Waverly happy hour, but was an expressive example of what differentiates life at The Waverly from other apartment communities in the area. Renters enjoy contemporary residence interiors and a full complement of amenities, including an outdoor pool, a state-of-the-art fitness centr, a residents’ lounge and a Wi-Fi enabled business lounge. All of the activity offers residents plenty of opportunities to connect with their neighbors. "Everybody at The Waverly was so friendly right from day one," said resident, Michelle Van Nest. "We love it here. I would recommend it to anybody." The friendly vibe, enticing amenities and convenient location just off of exit 100 of the Garden State Parkway are attracting Monmouth County renters in record numbers. Hundreds of residents enjoy the unique Jersey Shore lifestyle that The Waverly offers. Since the recent opening of the final phase of the community, which includes upgraded lay-outs, elevator access and street-level retail shops, The Waverly has been even more popular. Now only a small handful of brand new residences remain available. "The Waverly blends an upscale, full-amenity rental community with the excitement of Jersey Shore living," said Kristina Hedden, vice president of marketing for BNE Real Estate Group. "We’d like to extend the opportunity to enjoy this unique lifestyle to as many people as we can, but time is running out. Hundreds of renters now call The Waverly home and only a select few residences are available." Located less than a half-mile from the Parkway, just over the Tinton Falls border in Neptune Township, The Waverly is a community of 272 rental residences situated on a property of lush, landscaped lawns and tree-lined streets. All apartments boast plush carpeted bedrooms, oversized windows with designer window treatments, soaring nine-foot ceilings, and smart home technology systems. Chef-inspired kitchens feature stone counters, custom maple cabinetry, stainless-steel appliances, a dishwasher, refrigerator, gas range and pendant lighting, while lavish bath appointments include elegant stone floors, stone counters and custom maple vanities. "I like the open space in my apartment, and having a washer and dryer in the unit is huge," said Laura Carey, a Waverly resident. "I’m six miles from the beach, I have a beautiful Wegmans as a grocery store and a Walmart right across the street. I just love this place. Everything about it from the staff to the facilities to the actual apartment has been fantastic." Prices start from the $1,700s for one-bedroom residences and from the $2,000s for two-bedroom residences. Limited den layouts are also available. Select buildings offer indoor access to private garage and storage areas, a big perk in both warm and cold weather months. "Coming from New York City, you get so much more for your money here," said Damon Mininni, a Waverly resident. "The pricing was the number one factor for me, but the design of the apartment, the high-end finishes, and the fact that is was brand new all contributed to my decision to choose The Waverly." Flexible move-in options are still available, allowing new renters to take advantage of savings opportunities now and delay their move-in date until later this fall. Up to two months of free rent is being offered (based on a 26-month lease), two complimentary parking spaces, and more. The combination of flexibility and savings means renters can lock in their savings now, while they are still available, even if they won’t be ready to move for months. The Waverly is a pet-friendly community operated onsite by BNE Management Group. For more information about joining The Waverly community, visit www.RentAtTheWaverly .com or call 732-922-2112 to arrange a private tour. NorthJersey.com : Real Estate Home : Residential Real Estate NorthJersey.com : Real Estate Home : Residential Real Estate September 17, 2016 Last updated: Saturday, September 17, 2016, 1:21 AM Social events bring neighbors together at The Waverly Buy this photo Photo courtesy of BNE REAL ESTATE GROUP The Waverly is a community of 272 rental residences in Neptune. Monthly prices start from the $1,700s. The Record It was quite a happy hour on a recent Thursday evening when more than 60 residents of The Waverly gathered at the nearby Brick House Tavern + Tap in Neptune. A trendy foodie destination conveniently located up the road from the property, it was an energetic atmosphere full of new neighbors, mixing and mingling while enjoying complimentary cocktails and hors d’oeurves. This was certainly not the first or last Waverly happy hour, but was an expressive example of what differentiates life at The Waverly from other apartment communities in the area. Renters enjoy contemporary residence interiors and a full complement of amenities, including an outdoor pool, a state-of-the-art fitness centr, a residents’ lounge and a Wi-Fi enabled business lounge. All of the activity offers residents plenty of opportunities to connect with their neighbors. "Everybody at The Waverly was so friendly right from day one," said resident, Michelle Van Nest. "We love it here. I would recommend it to anybody." The friendly vibe, enticing amenities and convenient location just off of exit 100 of the Garden State Parkway are attracting Monmouth County renters in record numbers. Hundreds of residents enjoy the unique Jersey Shore lifestyle that The Waverly offers. Since the recent opening of the final phase of the community, which includes upgraded lay-outs, elevator access and street-level retail shops, The Waverly has been even more popular. Now only a small handful of brand new residences remain available. "The Waverly blends an upscale, full-amenity rental community with the excitement of Jersey Shore living," said Kristina Hedden, vice president of marketing for BNE Real Estate Group. "We’d like to extend the opportunity to enjoy this unique lifestyle to as many people as we can, but time is running out. Hundreds of renters now call The Waverly home and only a select few residences are available." Located less than a half-mile from the Parkway, just over the Tinton Falls border in Neptune Township, The Waverly is a community of 272 rental residences situated on a property of lush, landscaped lawns and tree-lined streets. All apartments boast plush carpeted bedrooms, oversized windows with designer window treatments, soaring nine-foot ceilings, and smart home technology systems. Chef-inspired kitchens feature stone counters, custom maple cabinetry, stainless-steel appliances, a dishwasher, refrigerator, gas range and pendant lighting, while lavish bath appointments include elegant stone floors, stone counters and custom maple vanities. "I like the open space in my apartment, and having a washer and dryer in the unit is huge," said Laura Carey, a Waverly resident. "I’m six miles from the beach, I have a beautiful Wegmans as a grocery store and a Walmart right across the street. I just love this place. Everything about it from the staff to the facilities to the actual apartment has been fantastic." Prices start from the $1,700s for one-bedroom residences and from the $2,000s for two-bedroom residences. Limited den layouts are also available. Select buildings offer indoor access to private garage and storage areas, a big perk in both warm and cold weather months. "Coming from New York City, you get so much more for your money here," said Damon Mininni, a Waverly resident. "The pricing was the number one factor for me, but the design of the apartment, the high-end finishes, and the fact that is was brand new all contributed to my decision to choose The Waverly." Flexible move-in options are still available, allowing new renters to take advantage of savings opportunities now and delay their move-in date until later this fall. Up to two months of free rent is being offered (based on a 26-month lease), two complimentary parking spaces, and more. The combination of flexibility and savings means renters can lock in their savings now, while they are still available, even if they won’t be ready to move for months. The Waverly is a pet-friendly community operated onsite by BNE Management Group. For more information about joining The Waverly community, visit www.RentAtTheWaverly .com or call 732-922-2112 to arrange a private tour. Tags: Residential Real Estate Inside NorthJersey.com Today's celebrity birthdays:... Tony winner shares insights... American Apparel files for... Now Open: The Barrow House in... From Bergen.com Bergen News Brief, Nov. 18,... Bergen Family Center holds... Friends of Doug Duchak... Englewood Town Motors... From BergenCounty.com Sharing the Arts Together:... Protecting yourself from the... (201) Magazine's Top... Don't Fear the Future:... Upcoming Open Houses View All READ The Record's Real Estate AND Sign up for Sections Online See all Record real estate special sections Want all the news? Subscribe Today! Get News Alerts © 2016 North Jersey Media Group News Go to the new NorthJersey.com Local Go to the new NorthJersey.com Sports Go to the new NorthJersey.com Photo Galleries Go to the new NorthJersey.com Opinion Go to the new NorthJersey.com Blogs Meadowlands Matters Fire & Ice Ranger Rants Varsity Aces A & E Go to the new NorthJersey.com Events Search Events Add an Event Food Go to the new NorthJersey.com Digital Edition Archive Search Connect Contact Us Newsletters / Alerts Letters to the Editor Advertise NorthJersey.com The Record / Herald News Community Newspapers MailboxFlyer.com Tearsheets Subscribe The Record Herald News Community Newspapers (201) Magazine Customer Care Find Obituaries Photographs Books Reprints and Permissions Archives Legals/Public Notices Local Businesses Garage Sales NorthJersey.com About Us Contact Us Terms of Service/Privacy Police Blotter Policy North Jersey Media Group In The News About Us / Locations Foundation Action Against Hunger Green Statement Employment Opportunities Premiums Events/Exposure ↑ : Home Delivery | Store | Digital Edition | Bergen.com | BergenCounty.com | Events | Special Sections | Homes | Cars | Jobs | Marketplace | Garage Sales | Place an Ad Sections
Building Isomorphic JavaScript Apps-P2P Posted on 16.09.2016 at 20:35 in eBook, Ebooks by Fisherman Isomorphic JavaScript, often described as the holy grail of web application development, refers to running JavaScript code on both the browser client and web application server. This application architecture has become increasingly popular for the benefits of SEO, optimized page load and full control of the UI, and isomorphic libraries are being used at companies like Walmart, Airbnb, Facebook, and Netflix. With this practical book, authors Jason Strimpel and Maxime Najim provide the knowledge you need to build and maintain your own isomorphic JavaScript apps. Building Isomorphic JavaScript Apps-P2P English | ISBN: 1491932937 | 2016 | 210 Pages | PDF/ePUB/MOBI/ | 7.60MB/5MB/12.52MB Download PDF:  UPLOADED - FILESCDN – UPLOADROCKET – NTi Download ePUB:  UPLOADED - FILESCDN – UPLOADROCKET – NTi Download MOBI:  UPLOADED - FILESCDN – UPLOADROCKET – NTi Comments(3) Previous post: Batman Vol. 9: Bloom (2016) Next post: New Scientist – 17 September 2016-P2P Comments Feel free to post your Building Isomorphic JavaScript Apps-P2P torrent, subtitles, samples, free download, quality, NFO, rapidshare, depositfiles, uploaded.net, rapidgator, filefactory, netload, crack, serial, keygen, requirements or whatever-related comments here. Don't be rude (permban), use only English, don't go offtopic and read FAQ before asking a question. Owners of this website aren't responsible for content of comments. wineo September 16th, 2016 | 20:37 Building-Isomorphic-Pdf size: 7,60 MB Rapidgator: http://rapidgator.net/file/592ff324e423802322708a313f761456/Building_Isomorphic.pdf.html Rock File: http://rockfile.rowin.org/ldfyood62dko.html UploadRocket: http://uploadrocket.net/6qodeocm579z/Building_Isomorphic.pdf.html Uploaded: http://uploaded.net/file/39ia2w5x/Building_Isomorphic.pdf Nitro Flare: http://nitro-flare.rowin.org/view/44427387E58EA87/Building_Isomorphic.pdf Open Load: http://openload.rowin.org/f/6EROsL5rC-E/Building_Isomorphic.pdf Building-Isomorphic-Epub size: 5,00 MB Rapidgator: http://rapidgator.net/file/0e30c978050d6fa24d3eb511ed1dde42/Building_Isomorphic.epub.html Rock File: http://rockfile.rowin.org/nl2hmfsu5l3y.html UploadRocket: http://uploadrocket.net/yby7bjxutuhe/Building_Isomorphic.epub.html Uploaded: http://uploaded.net/file/tg4rly5w/Building_Isomorphic.epub Nitro Flare: http://nitro-flare.rowin.org/view/CB38304C6BFF306/Building_Isomorphic.epub Open Load: http://openload.rowin.org/f/07onQDijjG4/Building_Isomorphic.epub Jheben September 17th, 2016 | 02:27 pdf https://filescdn.com/7sbbocd5q9gc http://up.media1fire.com/ https://dailyuploads.net/7e2smylgve9f epub https://filescdn.com/aftxxxkvc66z http://up.media1fire.com/9ojavc02fvl5 https://dailyuploads.net/lbbyod5uoojc mobi https://filescdn.com/gstbsaadfm9z http://up.media1fire.com/00td9qmot196 https://dailyuploads.net/uknlhhd7l5ub sssddd7 September 17th, 2016 | 04:23 http://up.media1fire.com/dc2iecos1pt3 http://rapidgator.net/file/ddbc400e8741e9a8a995b2dc1e69d6d2/Building_Isomorphic.epub.html http://uploading.site/a7xwfd11cl70.htm http://uploadrocket.net/la6vnkee6rq5/Building_Isomorphic.epub.html https://userscloud.com/n4k1xdawpm8j ========================== http://up.media1fire.com/hfpo0atpb98p http://rapidgator.net/file/58efbb317cd5fb34d54807048ee5cb53/Building_Isomorphic.mobi.html http://uploading.site/rwhmu695g4ib.htm http://uploadrocket.net/2mp6ydevckzm/Building_Isomorphic.mobi.html https://userscloud.com/8xrgwo8a2jqi ========================== http://up.media1fire.com/5nlz8zlagbjk http://rapidgator.net/file/ed6f5a84d61075e1f08792acd1a7f6a0/Building_Isomorphic.pdf.html http://uploading.site/l5u5yubw6skv.htm http://uploadrocket.net/x7dtezt232cj/Building_Isomorphic.pdf.html https://userscloud.com/wnkiz86nwdyj Leave a reply name (required) email ( will not be shown ) (required)   Search Categories Anime (RSS) Applications (RSS) Android (RSS) iOS (RSS) MAC (RSS) Tutorials (RSS) Windows (RSS) Ebooks (RSS) Comics (RSS) eBook (RSS) Magazines (RSS) Games (RSS) Linux (RSS) MAC (RSS) PC (RSS) PS3 (RSS) PSP (RSS) Wii (RSS) XBOX360 (RSS) Offtopic (RSS) Site news (RSS) Tech News (RSS) MViD (RSS) Staff Picks (RSS) Pages About Releaselog Advertise on RLSLOG! FAQ How-To Help Link eXchange Movie formats Movie sources Privacy Policy RLSLOG Nuke Dictionary Torrent sites Archives Select Month November 2016  (1164) October 2016  (1717) September 2016  (1342) August 2016  (1124) July 2016  (1182) June 2016  (1240) May 2016  (707) April 2016  (572) March 2016  (667) February 2016  (460) January 2016  (673) December 2015  (920) November 2015  (830) October 2015  (726) September 2015  (809) August 2015  (824) July 2015  (877) June 2015  (728) May 2015  (602) April 2015  (724) March 2015  (886) February 2015  (831) January 2015  (1576) December 2014  (1304) November 2014  (907) October 2014  (855) September 2014  (848) August 2014  (688) July 2014  (885) June 2014  (920) May 2014  (908) April 2014  (1074) March 2014  (1045) February 2014  (837) January 2014  (606) December 2013  (707) November 2013  (693) October 2013  (755) September 2013  (657) August 2013  (511) July 2013  (486) June 2013  (592) May 2013  (603) April 2013  (676) March 2013  (677) February 2013  (514) January 2013  (367) December 2012  (347) November 2012  (401) October 2012  (328) September 2012  (405) August 2012  (385) July 2012  (356) June 2012  (392) May 2012  (540) April 2012  (569) March 2012  (588) February 2012  (388) January 2012  (422) December 2011  (602) November 2011  (569) October 2011  (710) September 2011  (603) August 2011  (518) July 2011  (222) June 2011  (393) May 2011  (370) April 2011  (438) March 2011  (456) February 2011  (439) January 2011  (443) December 2010  (533) November 2010  (462) October 2010  (371) September 2010  (320) August 2010  (216) July 2010  (329) June 2010  (302) May 2010  (288) April 2010  (305) March 2010  (320) February 2010  (286) January 2010  (309) December 2009  (293) November 2009  (271) October 2009  (231) September 2009  (354) August 2009  (278) July 2009  (318) June 2009  (377) May 2009  (271) April 2009  (210) March 2009  (236) February 2009  (116) January 2009  (164) December 2008  (143) November 2008  (173) October 2008  (216) September 2008  (254) August 2008  (203) July 2008  (176) June 2008  (209) May 2008  (234) April 2008  (166) March 2008  (190) February 2008  (153) January 2008  (169) December 2007  (180) November 2007  (229) October 2007  (210) September 2007  (134) August 2007  (155) July 2007  (139) June 2007  (145) May 2007  (171) April 2007  (127) March 2007  (137) February 2007  (76) January 2007  (68) December 2006  (88) November 2006  (69) October 2006  (46) September 2006  (39) August 2006  (26) July 2006  (52) June 2006  (33) May 2006  (62) April 2006  (53) March 2006  (51) February 2006  (22) January 2006  (25) Links RSS | IRC | Contact New releases | posts NewTorrents.info Leecher's Lair Rapidshare King PREKiNG RushFlights Most rated Fast and Furious 3: Tokyo Drift soundtrack Russian eBay and Paypal cheaters busted Piracy isn't THAT bad and they know it UK: tougher piracy laws, blacklists of pirates Most popular Mass Effect-DETONATiON Alone In The Dark-iND Grand Theft Auto IV-Razor1911 The Forbidden Kingdom R5 XViD-PUKKA Wanted R5 LiNE XviD-iVE Link exchange Subtitles SoftArchive Dl4all Download GFX EPDM Pond Liner Gaaks Whiskey Decanters more links... Rapidshare King At Cafe 6 (2016) 720p BluRay x264-WiKi At Cafe 6 (2016) 1080p BluRay x264-WiKi At Cafe 6 (2016) Blu-ray 1080p AVC TrueHD 5.1-TTG Jason Bourne (2016) 720p BluRay x264-SPARKS Jason Bourne (2016) 1080p BluRay x264-SPARKS Releaselog © RLSLOG.net 2006-2016
Suburbs Daily Southtown Southtown News More towns seek curbs on gambling Avenue video gambling Mike Nolan / Daily Southtown Customers at Avenue Flower Shop & Wine Bar play video slots and other games at the Oak Lawn business. Customers at Avenue Flower Shop & Wine Bar play video slots and other games at the Oak Lawn business. (Mike Nolan / Daily Southtown) Mike NolanDaily Southtown Privacy Policy It's a weekday afternoon at Avenue Flower Shop & Wine Bar in Oak Lawn, but nobody was in the large wine bar sipping a glass and it didn't appear there were any customers lined up for a flower arrangement. But, in a partitioned area between the wine bar and flower shop, all five video gambling machines were in use. Avenue, 10632 S. Cicero Ave., is a popular spot for couples stopping for a glass of wine after a dinner out, or for people heading to or from nearby Midway Airport, the shop's owner, Scott Donkel, said. The shop drew attention when, in early 2013, it began offering video gambling, a diversion that was just gaining ground at the time. The slot machines "are a big draw," and have helped bring in new revenue for the business, Donkel said. Four years after video gambling went live in Illinois, there are few corners of the Southland where you won't encounter the machines, and what's being spent, and lost, has grown. Municipalities have found the taxes the terminals generate to be a valuable source of revenue. However, communities such as Crestwood, Homer Glen, New Lenox, Oak Forest and Tinley Park have, or plan to, put conditions on new gambling establishments in an effort to limit the spread of such businesses. Scott Donkel Mike Nolan / Daily Southtown Scott Donkel, owner of Avenue Flower Shop & Wine Bar, said video gambling has been a success for the Oak Lawn business.  Scott Donkel, owner of Avenue Flower Shop & Wine Bar, said video gambling has been a success for the Oak Lawn business.  (Mike Nolan / Daily Southtown) Compared with the north and northwest suburbs, where many communities prohibit video gambling, only a handful in the south and southwest suburbs bar slot machines. The state gave towns the option to either go all in, or stay on the sidelines, although some suburbs, such as Tinley Park, initially opted out then later reversed course. Locally, Frankfort, Orland Park, Palos Heights, Palos Park and South Holland, as well as unincorporated Cook and Will counties, do not allow the machines. Through the first eight months of this year, patrons of gambling establishments in 14 south and southwest suburbs that have the biggest concentration of machines spent more than $150 million, according to Illinois Gaming Board data. To put that in perspective, that is in the neighborhood of the annual budget for a large community such as Oak Lawn or Orland Park. Gamblers over that same span incurred losses of a bit more than $39 million. That compares with the same eight-month period in 2015, where, in those same 14 towns, customers spent $119 million and had losses of just under $32 million. Some of the increase is likely due to a larger number of establishments and gambling terminals counted in the current-year period. Statewide last year, gamblers poured $3.4 billion into the video terminals, up from $2.4 billion in 2014, with revenue to the state of $228.4 million and municipalities sharing $45.7 million in tax revenue, according to the gaming board. Losses to gamblers across the state last year were more than $913 million, up from $659 million in 2014. The state's tax share in 2014 was $165 million, with $33 million going to cities and villages. Windfall for local suburbs Some Southland communities are realizing six-digit tax revenue from video gambling, such as Crestwood. For all of last year, the village got $237,000, third-highest of any local community in 2015, and through the first eight months of this year, tax revenue was $186,000. The village has earmarked half of gambling revenue to bolster its police pension fund, and the balance to pay for park improvements. Without the gambling revenue, the village "would have to find other revenue or raise taxes" to achieve those goals, Mayor Lou Presta said. To get the state's OK for video gambling, most establishments, with the exception of truck stops, need a "pour" liquor license allowing on-premise alcohol consumption. Beyond the already established bars and restaurants with such licenses that have added gambling, Crestwood has handed out liquor licenses to a number of other businesses, including a Delta-Sonic car wash that recently added gambling to its Cicero Avenue location. Car wash video gambling Mike Nolan / Daily Southtown A Delta-Sonic car wash in Crestwood recently added video gambling.  A Delta-Sonic car wash in Crestwood recently added video gambling.  (Mike Nolan / Daily Southtown) In Presta's community and many others, video gambling spawned a hybrid business, alternately referred to as gambling boutiques, cafes or gaming parlors, where the slots are the primary money maker and food and beverages are secondary. Crestwood is considering approving an ordinance to try to restrict growth of cafes, requiring new gambling establishments to obtain a special use permit from the village. Presta said the village would consider new requests on a case-by-case basis, not wanting to necessarily restrict a new full-service restaurant that is looking to open in town. "We got enough now," he said of the cafes. "Any more and it's just hurting us. We're happy with what we have." In February, New Lenox officials approved an ordinance that's meant to freeze out gambling cafes, requiring a business that has gambling to derive more than 60 percent of its annual gross revenue from non-video gambling sources. "It makes the model closer to what we want it to be," Mayor Tim Baldermann said. "We want to help existing businesses be successful." Tinley Park officials in June approved more stringent rules for what it terms a "video gaming hall," where gambling is the main revenue source. State rules covering video gambling require businesses with them to be located at least 100 feet away from a school or church, but under Tinley Park's restrictions for video gaming halls, that distance is increased to 500 feet, and it applies as well to the distance from day care centers or other gaming halls. However, those spacing rules won't apply to restaurants or bars that also have the games. Homer Glen recently put a 120-day moratorium in place on new gambling licenses, and is altering current restrictions, Mayor George Yukich said. The village has required businesses with gambling to have a full-service restaurant with servers, and is in the process of changing the minimum space requirement from 1,500 square feet to 2,250 square feet, specifically to make it a more costly "hassle" for a prospective gambling cafe, the mayor said. Video gambling spending, losses on rise Mike Nolan What is being spent at video gambling machines, and what is being lost, grew during the first eight months of this year compared with the same period last year, according to figures compiled by the state gaming board. Some of the increase is due to more establishments offering gambling now compared... What is being spent at video gambling machines, and what is being lost, grew during the first eight months of this year compared with the same period last year, according to figures compiled by the state gaming board. Some of the increase is due to more establishments offering gambling now compared... (Mike Nolan) "All they do is come into your community and suck all the money out of it," he said. Some towns still say 'No' Frankfort officials have gotten a handful of requests over the years to reconsider its decision to opt out of allowing gambling, Mayor Jim Holland said. Noting that "trustees may have their own viewpoints" on allowing it, he said, "For myself, I see no benefit to the people of Frankfort in having video gambling." Holland described the tax revenue created by gambling as a "hidden tax," unlike more "direct" forms of taxation such as property and sales taxes. "There are some social costs too — people who struggle with gambling," he said. Holland said he is not "prudish" about gambling. "I've been to Las Vegas, I've been to Reno. There is a thrill to it (gambling)," he said. However, the mayor said, "The message is pretty clear here in Frankfort," as far as opposition to gambling. A next-door neighbor of Chicago, which doesn't allow video gambling, Evergreen Park is in a position to capitalize on that potential customer base, but has no plans or desire to do so. The village restricts video gambling to just fraternal and veterans organizations, and there are five terminals, all at the village's American Legion post. With the envious position of having major retailers such as Mariano's, Meijer, Menards and Wal-Mart already pumping sales tax dollars into village coffers, and other stores including Whole Foods and Dick's Sporting Goods under way, Mayor Jim Sexton said, Evergreen Park "is in very good, sound financial position." "We are not chasing a dime," he said. Sexton said he's not certain that, over the long haul, the proliferation of video gambling will be a consistent revenue source for towns. "I would much rather see retail development because it's long-term," he said. Three-way split Net terminal income — the state gaming board's term for the difference between the cash put into a gambling terminal and what is paid out, or essentially how much money gamblers lost — is shared almost equally among the establishment where the games are located, the terminal operator that owns and maintains the devices, and the state. Just slightly less than 30 percent of net terminal income goes to the state and, from that, 5 percent returns to the community that hosts the games. The remaining roughly 70 percent, however, is split between the establishment where the machines are located and the operator of the terminals, and that can add up to a substantial amount of money. Court ruling gives boost to Hometown video gambling plans Mike Nolan With a Walgreens drug store being Hometown's biggest retail sales tax generator, Kevin Casey, that suburb's mayor, looks to his community's neighbor, Chicago, as a potential savior. Casey wants to grow the number of video gaming businesses in his small community, and thinks that because the games... With a Walgreens drug store being Hometown's biggest retail sales tax generator, Kevin Casey, that suburb's mayor, looks to his community's neighbor, Chicago, as a potential savior. Casey wants to grow the number of video gaming businesses in his small community, and thinks that because the games... (Mike Nolan) At Avenue Flower Shop, during the first eight months of this year, the shop had the second-highest amount spent of any of the 34 locations in Oak Lawn that offer video gambling, after Penny's Place, with patrons spending $1.57 million. After the state and village got their money, the business and terminal operator shared approximately $319,000. Last year, Oak Lawn was No. 10 among Illinois communities as far as establishments with video gambling and number of terminals, 163 terminals at 35 establishments, according to the gaming board. Joliet was No. 8, while the state capital was at the top of the list. The village last year realized nearly $452,000 in tax revenue — the most of any Southland community — which was up more than 28 percent from 2014's total of $351,500. Patrons at gambling businesses in the village spent $33.7 million and lost $9 million last year, and through the first eight months of this year, spending at the machines was a bit more than $27 million, with losses of $7.1 million, according to gaming board data. mnolan@tribpub.com Copyright © 2016, Daily Southtown Oak Lawn Tinley Park Meijer, Inc. Oak Forest alters laws on video gambling Homer Glen calls 'time out' on video gambling licenses Tinley OKs stricter controls for some video gambling businesses Cupich known to take personal interest in priests, parishioners, experts say 3 more people indicted in Park Forest fatal shooting Lansing man accused of fatally shooting driver 'over a minor traffic situation' Breaking Sports Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Business Advertising 61°
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Life Things To Do Travel Opinion Obituaries Weather Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home News Sports Life Things To Do Travel Opinion Obituaries Weather Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Indianapolis man arrested in Florida after June homicide An Indianapolis man was arrested in Florida this week in connection with the killing of a woman in June.  Post to Facebook Indianapolis man arrested in Florida after June homicide An Indianapolis man was arrested in Florida this week in connection with the killing of a woman in June.   Check out this story on IndyStar.com: http://indy.st/2ctwEoE {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Indianapolis man arrested in Florida after June homicide Holly V. Hays , holly.hays@indystar.com 10:01 p.m. EDT September 16, 2016 A stock photograph of handcuffs. (Photo: Blake David Taylor / Getty Images) An Indianapolis man was arrested in Florida this week in connection with a woman's killing in June. Joshua Falls, 41, was arrested in Ocala, Fla., on an outstanding arrest warrant after he was identified as a suspect in the death of Jeannie Howard, according to a news release. Indianapolis Metropolitan Police were notified of his arrest Thursday. On June 24, officers were called to the 10900 block of East Troy Avenue on reports of a body found. Upon arrival officers found Howard's body on the side of the road, suffering from signs of trauma. A coroner ruled her death a homicide Sept. 2. Six days later, an arrest warrant was issued for Falls. Falls was arrested at a homeless camp behind an Ocala-area Wal-Mart by U.S. Marshals and local law enforcement, according to the release. He is being held in Florida until he can be extradited to Indiana. Call IndyStar reporter Holly Hays at (317) 444-6156. Follow her on Twitter: @hollyvhays. INDIANAPOLIS STAR IMPD investigates June death as homicide Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/2ctwEoE TOP VIDEOS Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 Dad builds phenomenal costumes for his son 0:49 Christie's ex-aide invokes Fifth as office subpoenaed 1:06 Iconic 'National Geographic' 'Afghan Girl' arrested 0:41 More Stories Retro Indy: 2007 Indianapolis Colts Super Bowl win Nov. 18, 2016, 10:14 a.m. Meet the Central Indiana police dogs who help keep us safe Nov. 18, 2016, 9:43 a.m. Jim Jones: From Indiana to Jonestown Nov. 18, 2016, 8:41 a.m. Retro Indy: Jim Jones and the People's Temple in Indianapolis Nov. 18, 2016, 8:51 a.m.
null
👤 Register / Login Contact Advertise Newsletters Magazines Conferences About Search: 2,831 Franchises | 3,212 Articles | 58,432 News Stories Franchise Opportunities Multi-Unit Franchisees Franchisors About Us Getting Started » What is Franchising? » Franchising Articles » Franchise Blogs » Franchise Events » Franchise Guides » Franchise News » Success Stories » Franchise Videos » Net Worth Calculator Browse Opportunities » Search » By Industry » By Location » By Investment » By Alpha » By Type » By Maturity Find a Franchise: INDUSTRY: Any Art Automotive Beauty Business Services Childrens Cleaning and Maintenance Computer and Internet Services Construction Education Entertainment Financial Services Fitness Food Franchise Consultants Health Home Services Medical Moving and Storage Pet Recreation Retail Senior Care Small Business Specialty Staffing Travel Vending MAX INVESTMENT: Any Over $1,000,000 $750,000 $500,000 $450,000 $400,000 $350,000 $300,000 $250,000 $200,000 $150,000 $100,000 $90,000 $80,000 $70,000 $60,000 $50,000 $40,000 $30,000 $20,000 $10,000 LOCATION: Any ----- United States ----- Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming ----- Canada ----- Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Territory ----- Other International ----- OPPORTUNITY TYPE: Any Non-Franchised Business Eco-Friendly Home Based Multi-Unit Veteran Benefits Women Based Featured Choices: Top Franchises Hot Franchises Featured Franchises Newly Added Franchises Trending Franchises International Franchises Veteran Opportunities Popular Choices: Food Franchises Small Business Franchises Retail Franchises Entertainment Franchises Automotive Franchises Childrens Franchises Business Services Franchises Browse By Industry: Art Automotive Beauty Business Services Childrens Cleaning and Maintenance Computer and Internet Services Construction Education Entertainment Financial Services Fitness Food Health Home Services Medical Moving and Storage Pet Recreation Retail Senior Care Small Business Staffing Travel Vending United States: AL AK AZ AR CA CO CT DE DC FL GA HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA WA WV WI WY Canada: AB BC MB NB NL NT NS ON PE PQ SK YT Europe: AL AD AT BY BE BA BG HR CY CZ DK EE FO FI FR DE GI GR HU IS IE IM IT KV LV LI LT LU MK MT MD MC ME NL NO PL PT RO RU SM RS SK SI ES SE CH UA UK VA RS International All Opportunities Browse By Investment: Quick Start Investments Under $50,000 Low Cost Investments From $50,000 to $100,000 Mid-Range Investments From $100,000 to $500,000 High Investments Over $500,000 Browse By Investment Browse By Name: # A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Browse Directory Browse By Type: Business Opportunities Eco-Friendly Home Based Multi-Unit Veteran Benefits Women Based Browse Directory Browse By Maturity: New Opportunities Opportunities in their first 5 years Established Opportunities From 5 to 25 years in Business Seasoned Opportunities From 25 to 50 years in Business Classic Opportunities Over 50 Years In Business Browse Directory Resources Business Services: Accounting Advertising Associations Big Data Conferences Customer Relations Facilities Financing Human Resources Legal Local Marketing Loyalty Payment Processing Printing Real Estate Security Technology Telecommunications Browse Resource Directory News » All » Alliances » Events » Expansions » Financial » Media Coverage » Mergers » Personnel » Products » Rankings Popular News: 101 Mobility Makes Debut on Franchise Times Top 200+ Blue Moon Estate Sales Appoints New Digital Platform Manager Vitality Bowls Kicks Superfood Craze into High Gear in Castle Rock Learning Express Toys to Host Grand Opening in Sunnyvale, CA UFC Gym® Set To Open First Signature Location In Florida On November 5 Brightway Insurance Opens Offices In Arizona And Georgia Today The Junkluggers Brings ‘Green’ Junk Removal to Charlotte Lightbridge Academy Expands its Circle of Care with New Corporate Location in Fort Lee, New Jersey Anytime Fitness Names Andy Gundlach “Club Operator Of The Year” – Again Wienerschnitzel Teams Up with Pancreatic Cancer Action Network to Honor Company Founder Submit NewsBrowse News Recent Mergers & Acquisitions: Snap-on Acquires Sturtevant Richmont Dwyer Group Acquires Window Genie RE/MAX, LLC Agrees to Purchase RE/MAX New Jersey Master Franchise Alliance Franchise Brands Acquires KKP Canada All Chili's Restaurants In Idaho Are Open And Ready To Serve Guests Under New Management Browse Mergers Recent Financial News: Shoney’s Unveils Fresh Restaurant Design Prototype Brinker International Board Declares Common Dividend Card Connection’s New Franchisees Grow Profits Famous Dave’s Reports Results For Third Quarter Fiscal 2016 Texas Roadhouse, Inc. Announces Quarterly Dividend Browse Financial News Recent Expansion News: Seva Grand Opening In Bryant, AR uBreakiFix Opens In Paramus, Continues New Jersey Expansion sweetFrog Expands Internationally With Sixth Location in Dominican Republic Seva Grand Opening In York, PA Wienerschnitzel Opens Fifth Albuquerque Location Browse Expansion News Recent Personnel News: United Country Real Estate Welcomes Area Vice President of Sales to Northwest Region Gap Inc. Reports Third Quarter Results American Family Care Appoints Birmingham Regional Medical Director Church’s Chicken® Promotes Joseph Christina to Chief Executive Officer Home Care Assistance of St. Louis Welcomes Mike Roberts as Director of Client Services Browse Personnel News Recent Strategic Alliance News: Great Clips and Monster Jam® Join Forces to Unveil the Great Clips Mohawk Warrior®Monster Jam Truck Corporate Sponsor Pirtek Set for Start of New Snocross Season CD One Price Cleaners Partners With Infant Welfare Society Of Chicago For 5th Consecutive Year Slurpee® Slurp4Good™ Campaign Benefits St. Jude Children's Research Hospital® MaidPro Franchise Adopts Orphanage in Belize Browse Alliance News Recent Rankings News: ReadyCap Launches Military Veteran Franchise Lending Program (MVP) Local Travel Company Franchisee Awarded With Best Travel Agency in Central Ohio United® Real Estate Recognizes Top-Performing Teams for Q3 2016 Home Care Assistance Named a Top Franchise for Veterans by Franchise Business Review Franchise Times Magazine Ranks EmbroidMe To The Top 200 + List Of Largest Franchise Systems Browse Rankings News Recent Events News: Jack in the Box Inc. to Webcast Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2016 Earnings Conference Call on November 22 Hyatt Announces Webcast Of Investor Day On November 22 The Wendy's Company to Report 2016 Third-Quarter Results on Wednesday, November 9 Famous Dave's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Release And Conference Call Snap-on to Present at Baird Industrial Conference Browse Events News Recent Media Coverage: Franchise Grade® Report Reveals Value Of Franchisor Financial Transparency Age Is No Barrier To Franchise Business Growth America! Last Chance to Show Wendy's the Oldest Thing in Your Freezer Lightbridge Academy’s Chief Development Officer Shares What Makes the Brand Tick CKO Kickboxing Celebrates 19th Anniversary with Unique Approach to Fitness Browse Media Coverage Recent Product Announcements: Dunkin’ Donuts to Celebrate National Espresso Day on November 23 by Offering Any Medium Hot or Iced Espresso Beverage for $1.99 Shoney's® To Treat America to FREE Hot Fudge Cake on Tuesday, December 6 Dickey's Barbecue Pit Serves Up Amazing Deals This Black Friday and Cyber Monday Wayback Burgers Offers Seasons Eatings With Menu Items That Are Everything Nice Shoney’s Thanksgiving Feast Priced at $11.99, Kids 4 and Under EAT FREE with Adult Purchase Browse Product Announcements Conferences Franchise Leadership & Development Conference Multi-Unit Franchising Conference European Multi-Unit Franchising Conference Franchise Consumer Marketing Conference Subscribe » Newsletters » Magazines » Social Media Franchising.com Newsletters: Franchising.com Express Weekly Digest of Franchise Opportunities & News Multi-Unit Franchisee Report Ideas, strategies and solutions for today's high achieving franchisees. Franchise Consumer Marketing Report Marketing insights, strategies, and intelligence for today's growing franchisors. Franchise Update Sales Report Your source for leadership, sales, and marketing intelligence. Browse Newsletters Magazine Subscriptions: Multi-Unit Franchisee Magazine Dedicated Exclusively to Multi-Unit and Multi-Brand Franchisees Franchise Update Magazine Business Intelligence for Growing Franchisors Browse Magazines Social Media Channels: YouTube LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Register / Login Franchise Opportunities Getting Started Topics Features Guides Blogs Events Videos Browse Opportunities Search Top Franchises Hot Franchises Featured Franchises Newly Listed Franchises By Industry By Location By Investment By Alpha By Type By Maturity Franchise Resources Accounting Advertising Associations Big Data Conferences Customer Relations Facilities Financing Human Resources Legal Local Marketing Loyalty Payment Processing Printing Real Estate Security Technology Telecommunications News All Alliances Events Expansions Financial Media Coverage Mergers Personnel Products Rankings Conferences Multi-Unit Franchising Conference European Multi-Unit Franchising Conference Franchise Leadership & Development Conference Franchise Consumer Marketing Conference Magazines Multi-Unit Franchisee Franchise Update Newsletters Franchising.com EXPRESS Multi-Unit Franchisee Report Franchise Update Sales Report Franchise Consumer Marketing Report Multi-Unit Franchisees Franchisors About Us Franchise Update Media About Us Conferences Franchise Leadership & Development Conference Multi-Unit Franchising Conference Franchise Consumer Marketing Conference Magazines Multi-Unit Franchisee Franchise Update Newsletters Franchising.com EXPRESS Multi-Unit Franchisee Report Franchise Update Sales Report Franchise Consumer Marketing Report Advertise Contact Us 1 Shares   26 Reads Home: News: Auntie Anne's: Mamma Mia! Auntie Anne’s® Adds Pepperoni Pretzel Nuggets to Fall Menu Ahead of National Pepperoni Pizza Day on September 20th, America’s favorite pretzel maker launches limited time savory snack option. September 16, 2016 // Franchising.com // LANCASTER, Pa. – Auntie Anne’s®, the world’s largest hand-rolled soft pretzel franchise, today announced the limited time only addition of NEW Pepperoni Pretzel Nuggets to its menu. Available now through November 13, Pepperoni Pretzel Nuggets are a scrumptious bite-sized option for guests who want a savory treat or a hearty snack to fight off hunger between meals. Just in time for National Pepperoni Pizza Day on Tuesday, September 20, the new Pepperoni Pretzel Nuggets are now available at Auntie Anne's stores nationwide at a suggested retail price of $4.99. Fans of pretzels and pizza alike are sure to enjoy this fun, portable variation of the brand’s popular, full-sized Pepperoni Pretzel. Topped with the same savory three-cheese blend and full slices of flavorful pepperoni, the new nuggets are easy to eat and pair perfectly with Auntie Anne’s Marinara Dip. "We think Pepperoni Pretzel Nuggets are going to be extremely well received because they are not only a delicious take on classic comfort food, but they also fulfill the evolving needs of our guests,” said Carol Pasquariello, Vice President of Marketing for Auntie Anne’s. “The new Pepperoni Pretzel Nuggets are portable, shareable and filling, ideal for today’s on-the-go consumers who crave convenient, high-quality snacking options.” In addition to the new savory Pepperoni Pretzel Nuggets, pretzel fans can also rejoice in the return of Auntie Anne’s seasonal Pumpkin Spice Pretzel Nuggets. Another limited menu item available through November 13, the freshly baked Pumpkin Spice Pretzel Nuggets are topped with a special blend of autumnal spices, and pair perfectly with Auntie Anne's Light Cream Cheese or Sweet Glaze Dips. Pumpkin Spice Pretzel Nuggets are available at Auntie Anne’s stores nationwide at a suggested retail price of $3.89. For the latest information about new Auntie Anne’s products and company news please visit www.AuntieAnnes.com and follow the brand on social media on Twitter @AuntieAnnes, on Instagram @AuntieAnnesPretzels and on Facebook at www.Facebook.com/auntieannespretzels. For exclusive offers and information before anyone else, download the Auntie Anne’s My Pretzel Perks app – free in Apple’s App Store and Android’s Google Play Store. About Auntie Anne’s® At its more than 1,600 locations around the world, Auntie Anne’s mixes, twists and bakes pretzels from scratch all day long in full view of guests. Auntie Anne’s can be found in malls, outlet centers, and Walmarts, as well as in non-traditional spaces including universities, airports, travel plazas, amusement parks, and military bases. In addition, it has extended the brand onto retailers’ shelves and also serves as a distributor for fundraising products. Available at select retailers nationwide, pretzel fans can enjoy Auntie Anne’s prepare-at-home products, from frozen Classic and Cinnamon Sugar Soft Pretzels and Pretzel Nuggets, to frozen Pretzel Dogs and Pretzel Pocket Sandwiches, to a versatile Pretzel Baking Kit. For more information, visit www.auntieannes.com, or follow on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. SOURCE Auntie Anne’s® Media Contact: Chas Kurtz Public Relations Manager  ckurtz@auntieannes.com (717) 435-1561 ### Social Reach: Viewer Response: Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Auntie Anne's » At its more than 1,600 locations around the world, Auntie Anne's mixes, twists and bakes pretzels from scratch all day long in full view of guests. Browse: Business Overview Franchise News Franchise News Room » All Franchise News Expansion Financial Mergers & Acquisitions Personnel General Announcements Conference Product Announcements Media Coverage Strategic Alliances News By Industry » Art Automotive Beauty Business Services Childrens Cleaning and Maintenance Computer and Internet Services Construction Education Entertainment Financial Services Fitness Food Franchise Consultants Health Home Services Medical Moving and Storage Pet Recreation Retail Senior Care Small Business Specialty Staffing Travel Vending Hot Opportunities Kiddie Academy Educational Child Care Franchise. Kiddie Academy is one of the nation's... Dessange Dessange is the salon of choice for international film stars, celebrities... SpeedPro Imaging SpeedPro Imaging is the ONLY franchise available exclusively focusing on... The Pizza Press GET READY TO BRING NEWSWORTHY PIZZA TO YOUR TOWN! The Pizza Press is... AAMCO Transmissions and Total Car Care AAMCO franchisees benefit from joining a brand that has been in business... MassageLuXe MassageLuXe® is a fast-growing massage franchise providing massage... Big O Tires, LLC With more than 50 years in the tire and automotive maintenance industry,... El Pollo Loco The secret to El Pollo Loco is great-tasting food. Our menu has a broad... Share This Page CHANNELS Franchise Opportunities Multi-Unit Franchisees Franchisors GETTING STARTED What is Franchising? Franchising Articles Franchise Blogs Franchise Events Franchise Guides Franchise News Success Stories Franchise Videos Net Worth Calculator OPPORTUNITIES Search Top Franchises Hot Franchises Featured Franchises Newly Added Franchises Trending Franchises International Franchises Franchises A-Z By Industry By Type By Location By Investment By Maturity RESOURCES Accounting Advertising Associations Big Data Conferences Customer Relations Facilities Financing Human Resources Legal Local Marketing Loyalty Payment Processing Printing Real Estate Security Technology Telecommunications PRODUCTS & SERVICES Franchise Learning Academy Annual Franchise Development Report Multi-Unit Buyer's Guide Technology Buyer's Guide CONFERENCES Franchise Leadership & Development Conference Multi-Unit Franchising Conference European Multi-Unit Franchising Conference Franchise Consumer Marketing Conference MAGAZINES Multi-Unit Franchisee Magazine Franchise Update Magazine ABOUT Advertising Corporate Information Press Contact Us Legal Notices Privacy Policy Advertiser Login SOCIAL Facebook LinkedIn Twitter YouTube The franchise opportunities listed above are not related to or endorsed by Franchising.com or Franchise Update Media Group. We are not engaged in, supporting, or endorsing any specific franchise, business opportunity, company or individual. No statement in this site is to be construed as a recommendation. We encourage prospective franchise buyers to perform extensive due diligence when considering a franchise opportunity. Franchise Update Media | P.O. Box 20547 // San Jose, CA 95160 // PH. (408) 402-5681 Copyright © 2001 - 2016. All Rights Reserved. Site Hosting Provided By: wishVPS on FUMG3 In Loving Memory Of Timothy Gardner (1987-2014)
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On-Air Rich Peterson Kim David Andy Brownell Tracy McCray Shows Listen Listen Live Podcasts Mobile App Events Rochester on Tap Rochester Home, Vacation and RV Show Calendar Submit Your Community Calendar Event Community Engagement Request Form KROC Club Sign Up Contests and Perks Contest Rules VIP Support Closings Closings Weather Links Mayo Clinic Radio Minnesota Lottery Minnesota Twins Minnesota Gophers Power of Learning with Jim Walters City of Rochester Rochester Public Schools Olmsted County State of Minnesota Minnesota Veterans & Emergency Services Museum History Center of Olmsted County Destination Medical Center Win Stuff Contact Us On-Air Hosts Contact Info Help & Contact Info EEO Report Careers Send Feedback Advertise Community Engagement Request Form Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube subscribe via RSS Trending: Destination Medical Center Weather Win $10,000 Cash Rochester on Tap Beer Festival Seize the Deal Auction Freeborn County Jail Inmate on the Loose By Andy Brownell September 16, 2016 7:30 PM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Freeborn County Sheriff’s Dept. Albert Lea, MN (KROC-AM News) – The Freeborn County Sheriff Department is looking for the public’s help in locating an inmate. Officials say Levi Troy Dahl was released from the Freeborn County Jail to undergo a surgical procedure on a broken leg. While recovering, he was under house arrest and was ordered to wear a GPS monitoring device. Officials say they discovered the tracking device had been cut off at a Walmart store in Rochester. Dahl was arrested earlier this month on criminal vehicular operation,, fleeing police and the reckless driving charges. His bail was set at $75,000. For 24/7 news and sports check KROC AM and follow KROC-AM on Facebook. Filed Under: Freeborn County | GPS | Levi Dahl | released for surgery Category: Local News | Newsletter Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of 1340 KROC-AM The Governor’s Race in Minnesota is Already Underway Police Involved Shooting Ends Wild Chase Region Will See High Winds – Not Much Snow From Storm Double Murder in Mason City Recommended for You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the Hosts Andy Brownell Kim David Rich Peterson Tom Ostrom Facebook Sign up for our newsletter Sign up for our newsletter! KROC Club Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more! Sign Up Now Closings Weather-Related Announcements for Thursday March 24, 2016 March 23, 2016 Weather-Related Announcements for Wednesday March 23, 2016 March 23, 2016 Weather-Related Announcements For Monday, March 14th March 14, 2016 Recent Stories Can A Divided America Heal? Yesterday The Everyday Skills Men Are Losing Yesterday It’s Give to the Max Day in Minnesota Yesterday Minnesota Twins Holding Black Friday Youth Baseball Camp 3 days ago Minnesota Vikings Release Blair Walsh 3 days ago Advertise Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Welcome back to KROC Club It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to KROC Club It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://krocam.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to KROC Club (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here KROC Club brought to you by: Sign up for KROC Club Register Now Sign up for KROC Club quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! KROC Club brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive KROC Club contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook KROC Club brought to you by: KROC-AM Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Bangkok Post Top sections News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning More The world's window on Thailand | Log in Sign up Web search MENU Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY Everything News & article Image VDO Forum Directory Calendar Jobs Archive Advanced search ARCHIVE Obama spent the past eight years fighting inequality 19 Sep 2016 at 03:55 Copy text Save PDF Email Print text These two people are threats to President Obama's efforts to combat economic inequality and restore a sense of fairness and opportunity. (Agency photos) You'd never know from this year's presidential campaign rhetoric that anyone in Washington has been paying any attention to economic inequality. Donald Trump has hijacked the Republican Party with his populist rhetoric about working class Americans no longer "winning", and Hillary Clinton acknowledges at every turn that inequality needs addressing. No one seems to recognise the great strides made during the past eight years of Barack Obama's presidency to mitigate the problem. The content shown above is only a small part of the full content, which we reserve for Bangkok Post digital archive subscription members. Please log in or subscribe below to get the full content. Digital archive subscription Log in Content information Writer Ron Formisano Published date on website 19 Sep 2016 Last updated date 19 Sep 2016 Copyrights Bangkok Post Disclaimer Did you find what you were looking for? Have you got some comments for us? News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2016 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it 2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Local A small Virginia county put brakes on plans for a mosque. Was it discrimination? The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Rachel Weiner September 18 Follow @rachelweinerwp Muslim men prepare to hold Friday afternoon prayers in a temporary worship space in Culpeper. The Justice Department is investigating whether this group was discriminated against by Culpeper officials in the denial of a sewage permit that would allow a mosque to be built on a lot nearby. (Jahi Chikwendiu/The Washington Post) CULPEPER, VA. — The small Muslim community here used to pray in the historic Amtrak station, where Lyndon B. Johnson kicked off a 1960 whistle-stop tour. When a local history museum moved into the space in 2014, they shifted to an empty home next to an auto business. After years of drifting, the group of about 12 to 20 Muslims who show up regularly for Friday prayers want a more permanent place of worship. So they set out to build a mosque in a more rural area outside town. But those plans were put on hold in April, when the county denied them a permit to haul waste from the property, which is too undeveloped for sewer service. Now the Justice Department is investigating whether that decision was based on more than the technicalities of development — and amounts to illegal religious discrimination. “We just want our rights to be fulfilled,” said Fuad Abu-Taleb, who leads Culpeper’s Muslim prayers. The investigation is one of 14 being conducted by the Justice Department into potential discrimination by state and local governments involving land use or jails. While the agency declined to provide details of those, more than a third of Justice Department investigations into land or institutional religious discrimination in the past six years involve Muslims — a striking statistic given that Muslims make up about 1 percent of the U.S. population. In a similar case in July, the Justice Department filed suit against a township in Pennsylvania, alleging that it discriminated when it denied zoning approval to a group that wanted to build a mosque. In June, Deputy Assistant Attorney General Vanita Gupta, head of the Justice Department’s Civil Rights Division, noted that the department sometimes sees “overt animus” toward religious groups seeking to build. “But we also see people organizing to try to block construction of minority places of worship often adopting more subtle tactics,” she said. There is no question that the decision on what would normally be a little-noticed development matter in Culpeper got a lot of attention. A crowd packed the county government meeting and cheered when the motion to deny the permit was introduced. Board members reported receiving scores of calls and emails on the normally obscure land-use concern. The decision, made in a 4-to-3 vote, was celebrated on anti-Islam websites. Ira Lupu, a professor at George Washington University Law School, said the federal investigators will conduct interviews and examine the record to look for “anything to suggest that they have granted these permits in cases where there’s no animosity towards the people applying, and maybe even a preference.” County Administrator John Egertson said he was “very confident that when they finish their review, they will find that we are completely compliant.” The board, he said, “acted within their policy, and they acted fairly and consistently.” The board members who opposed the Islamic Center said they did so on technical grounds. Opponents noted that although county staff recommended approval, the pump-and-haul permits are designed for situations where no other option exists. The Islamic group had not yet finished buying the land where the mosque would sit; the board members who voted against them argued that they could simply find a different site. The sun sets over the main streets in Culpeper. The county has fewer than 50,000 residents. (Jahi Chikwendiu/The Washington Post) Bill Chase is a member of the county board who is opposed to issuing a sewage permit that would allow the construction of the Islamic Center. (Jahi Chikwendiu/The Washington Post) “I’m not anti-anybody — I served with every race and every religion in the Army, and everybody bleeds red blood,” said Bill Chase, who proposed the motion to deny the permit. “This request was from land that had not been bought . . . it wasn’t an emergency situation; it wasn’t an existing structure.” A review of pump-and-haul permit decisions dating to 1992 shows that most were granted to existing buildings, mostly churches, on land that could not accommodate normal septic systems. But several went to organizations that had not yet built on or bought land. One was a church that in 1993 said it needed the permit to move forward on buying a site. One was a construction company that in 1995 wanted to buy a property and turn it into an office. Chase argued for that permit, which was approved unanimously. Another was to build an office trailer for a company’s disabled worker. Again, Chase advocated for the permit despite opposition from county staff. So did Steve Walker, who was one of three other board members who opposed the mosque’s permit. In nearly every case, there was no clear date for sewer service to be extended. In most, it was expected within a few years, as is the case for the mosque’s proposed location. Only one of the past 19 pump-and-haul permit requests has been rejected. County board member Sue Hansohn, who voted to grant the permit, has expressed concerns that fear of religious extremism in the wake of terrorist attacks abroad influenced the push for a denial. “The majority of the calls and emails I had was because of the religion, not because it’s a pump and haul or environmental reasons,” Hansohn said before the vote. “I understand people who are so afraid because of what has happened in Europe, I understand that totally. But I don’t think in our country we should turn down somebody because of religion reasons.” The two other board members who supported the mosque also publicly talked about issues of religious freedom and discrimination and noted that such permits had been fairly freely given in the past. Walker said his opposition to the mosque stemmed entirely from the fact that the group did not yet own the property. He was not on the board, he said, when previous applicants had gotten permits without owning land. “I try to keep it real simple,” he said. Noting that the Islamic Center has since closed on the property, he said, “They have the right to reapply.” That appears likely. While Islamic Center leaders said in April that they would hire lawyers, they now say they hope to win approval without legal action. “Every Muslim community starts with a hard time,” said Mohammad Nawabe, who owns an auto dealership and the home where his fellow Muslims worship. (Jahi Chikwendiu/The Washington Post) “Maybe they will change their minds,” said Mohammad Nawabe, who owns the auto dealership next to where his fellow Muslims worship. “Every Muslim community starts with a hard time.” Several local Muslims said they had experienced discrimination in the area but did not want to be named because they feared retribution in a county with fewer than 50,000 residents. Seventy-one percent of those residents are non-Hispanic whites, according to recent census data; the nonwhite population is mostly Hispanic and black. The county sheriff has previously come under fire for hosting a seminar on “Jihadi Networks in America” led by a former FBI agent who claims terrorists control most leading American Muslim groups. The sheriff advertised that he would host a similar seminar on Saturday , featuring the same ex-agent and a former pastor who says mosques lead to the destruction of Western culture. One resident, who said he did not want to hurt his business by discussing religious tensions openly, said someone had made an obscene gesture at his wife when she wore a headscarf into Walmart. Now, when she shops there, she takes it off. “It’s not like Northern Virginia, like Fairfax or Alexandria here,” he said. “Here, you’re going back to the 1950s.” However, Nawabe emphasized that he has also seen an outpouring of support since the rejection. A native of Afghanistan, the 54-year-old has lived in the county for six years and Virginia for several decades. “I love Culpeper; I love Virginia,” he said. “I’m a country boy.” It’s not clear how long the Justice Department’s investigation will take. If it concludes there was discrimination, the federal government can sue Culpeper. According to the Justice Department, the vast majority of similar investigations involving non-Muslims are resolved by an agreement between the federal government and the locality before any legal action is taken. But only 1 in 5 cases involving Muslims is resolved without a lawsuit. Optimistically, the Islamic group is continuing to prepare the site for building. A ramshackle home on their land has been torn down and the land cleared of debris. Roger Southard, 54, lives with three tiny but territorial dogs in a house just behind the site. “I don’t have a problem with it; it’s a free country,” he said of the potential mosque. But, he added, “I’m afraid if they do build it, that maybe one of the people that may not care for it, I’m actually scared that people might shoot at it.” Meanwhile, weekly services continue in the home by the auto dealership. On a recent Friday afternoon, 17 men clustered in a living room stripped of furniture and painted white. The theme of the sermon: sabr, or patience. local public-safety Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters local public-safety Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Rachel Weiner covers federal court in Alexandria for The Washington Post. Follow @rachelweinerwp Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 In liberal D.C., the arrival of Donald Trump is triggering an identity crisis 2 Bear mauls woman in Maryland driveway in ‘rarest of rare’ attack 3 Police are using software to predict crime. Is it a ‘holy grail’ or biased against minorities? 4 ‘Do not say mean things’: Kids are writing to Donald Trump, asking him to be a kind president 5 Police searching for congressman John Conyers’s son Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game local public-safety Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters More crime and safety news Man convicted of murder in fatal shooting 3-year-old during fight over clothes Suspect charged in Montgomery County homicide More sex offense charges filed against former Montgomery elementary teacher   Search Jobs Featured Jobs hr coordinator, benefits and hris American Society of Clinical Oncology licensing & permissions coordinator American Society of Clinical Oncology cad manager Arlington County (Virginia) Government washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Search Connect Menu Search Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ YouTube Featured 2016 Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism Topics Economy Education Energy Health Care International Law Politics Security Society Must Reads 2016 Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism PoliticsCommentary How to Make the Case for Holding Congress Accountable Until Inauguration Day Health Care News Electing to ‘Opt Out’ of Obamacare EconomyCommentary Dismantling Dodd-Frank: How Congress Can Begin to Restore Financial Security  PoliticsNews Trump Cabinet Timing in Line With Past Presidents  PoliticsNews Trump Cabinet Timing in Line With Past Presidents  PoliticsNews Conservatives Hopeful Pence Will Play Big Role in New Administration    International News The Top Foreign Conflicts Trump Will Inherit  PoliticsNews Lawmaker Proposes Bill That Could Defund Post-Election Student Coping Sessions     SocietyNews Sanctuary Cities Defy Trump’s Pledge to Defund Them. How He Can Fight Back.  SocietyCommentary Trump Has Effective Plan to Curb Illegal Immigration, Secure Border   SecurityNews Is the Wall Possible? What Trump Can Do on Immigration   SecurityNews Poll Shows Americans Want Less Immigration, More Enforcement Health Care News Electing to ‘Opt Out’ of Obamacare Health Care News Republicans Begin to Unite Around Obamacare Repeal Plan Health Care Commentary What Obama Got Wrong in His Latest Defense of Obamacare Health Care News How Republicans Can Start to Dismantle Obamacare With a Trump Presidency  Commentary With Trump’s Election, the Future of the Courts Looks Brighter Law Commentary A Coup Against the Constitution Law News 2 GOP Senators Advocate Post-Election Vote on Supreme Court Nominee Society News Congress Demands Explanation for Clarence Thomas’ Exclusion From Black History Smithsonian    International News The Top Foreign Conflicts Trump Will Inherit Security Commentary US Security Benefits When Japan, South Korea Share Intelligence Security Commentary What the US Needs to Do About Russia’s Cyberattacks International News How Republicans Plan to Shape the Next President’s Iran Policy PoliticsNews The Woman Behind the Group the Left Loves to Hate Melissa Quinn / @MelissaQuinn97 / September 18, 2016 / Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Email Comments Print “If business doesn’t stand up for itself in its right to engage in this debate and this dialogue, then they’re going to lose their ability to do that," says Lisa Nelson, who took over as CEO of the American Legislative Exchange Council in 2014. (Photo: American Legislative Exchange Council) It was 9 o’clock at night when Bill Meierling, a top official at the American Legislative Exchange Council, received the word from NPR’s “The Diane Rehm Show.” ALEC’s newly appointed CEO, Lisa Nelson, was scheduled to appear the next morning on Rehm’s long-running, Washington-based radio show. But ALEC’s critics on the left had posted their displeasure about Nelson’s appearance on the show’s website, arguing that the panel of guests wasn’t going to be balanced. So Rehm’s producers changed the lineup at the last minute to include another ALEC critic. “I found it energizing,” Nelson recalls of her appearance on the show, “because I was completely forward looking.” It was Oct. 2, 2014. Nelson originally was scheduled to appear on “The Diane Rehm Show” that day with Tom Hamburger, a reporter for The Washington Post who covers what the newspaper calls the intersection of money and politics, and John Nichols, national affairs correspondent for The Nation, a liberal magazine. Grover Norquist, president of Americans for Tax Reform, was to call in. But, pressed by ALEC’s opponents, Rehm’s producers added Miles Rapoport, then president of the liberal citizens’ advocacy group Common Cause, to the show. Rapoport and Common Cause, where he is now a senior adviser, were no strangers to Nelson, who had taken the helm at ALEC two months earlier. For several years, Common Cause had been pressuring corporate members of ALEC to withdraw support from the group, a network of lawmakers, researchers, and business leaders that advocates free market policies in state legislatures. In 2012 and 2013, Common Cause had filed complaints with the Internal Revenue Service against ALEC, alleging the group violated the terms of its tax-exempt status by engaging in lobbying activities. ALEC maintains that the group doesn’t lobby. Rapoport’s sudden addition to Rehm’s show wasn’t the only change. When Norquist, a well-known conservative, called in to participate as scheduled, Rehm told her producers to keep him on hold, Nelson recalls in an interview with The Daily Signal. For the length of the show—a full hour—Norquist waited, but the producers never opened up his line. Nichols, however, one of the authors of a 2011 series in The Nation called “ALEC Exposed,” was on the air for about 10 minutes. “The Diane Rehm Show” did not respond to The Daily Signal’s request for comment. During the show, Rapoport and Nichols accused ALEC of placing the interests of its corporate members ahead of the constituents who elected the organization’s more than 2,000 public members, all of them state lawmakers. The two also criticized ALEC for its stance on climate change and prior support of voter ID laws. The criticism wasn’t anything new for Nelson, who, though having just taken over ALEC, was fully aware of the pressure progressive groups were putting on the organization’s corporate members to drop out. Nelson was unfazed by their efforts to beat up on ALEC.  The encounter on Rehm’s show was “manufactured,” she says today. “I found it energizing because—and I think it was probably a blessing that it was so early in my tenure—because I was completely forward looking,” Nelson tells The Daily Signal. “I was able to say, ‘No, whatever happened in the past is the past, and I’m looking forward.’” ‘Refocusing’ ALEC ALEC, founded in 1973, had been fielding attacks from the left for years, though those opponents have increased the attacks since the 2010 midterm elections. And while ALEC’s leadership had made some changes prior to Nelson’s coming on board, she says, she served as the catalyst for more changes, which included a new commitment to transparency. For example, starting in 2013, the group began posting drafts of model policies on its website, as well as financial filings to the IRS. More than 70 reporters attended ALEC’s annual meeting in Indianapolis this past July. But perhaps the biggest change under Nelson has come in the way the group is dealing with pressure from groups such as Common Cause and publications such as The Nation: Instead of remaining silent, as ALEC had done in the past, Nelson is hitting back. “I was here pre-Lisa Nelson and post-Lisa Nelson,” Meierling, ALEC’s vice president of public affairs, tells The Daily Signal. “What the organization needed was an energetic, agenda-setting leader, and Lisa is that person to be able to coalesce powerful communities around ideas and catalyze them to action.” Marianne Eterno, vice president of government relations at Guarantee Trust Life Insurance Co., a long-time private member of the organization, says the ALEC of today is quite different than the ALEC of the past. “[Nelson] refocused ALEC on its true mission, which is hard to do when you’re under assault, which ALEC was two years ago,” Eterno, who sits on ALEC’s Private Enterprise Advisory Council, tells The Daily Signal. “To her credit, not only did she successfully beat back all of ALEC’s detractors—they’re still out there, but they’re not having the effect they used to—she also was able to refocus the organization and get them moving forward.” “To do both of them simultaneously and be so successful is absolutely amazing,” Eterno says. ‘Slings and Arrows’ Walk into Nelson’s office at ALEC’s Arlington, Virginia, headquarters, and her conservative bonafides become clear. Photos of Nelson with House Speaker Paul Ryan, President George W. Bush, and 2016 Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina line her bookshelf, alongside others with actor Morgan Freeman and Oprah Winfrey. A copy of the cover from National Review’s first edition from 1955, signed by the staff, hangs on a wall. In 1991, Nelson set up National Review Institute for the conservative magazine’s iconic founder, William F. Buckley Jr. On a ledge below a television playing Fox News Channel is a gavel from the 105th Congress in 1997. That was the year Nelson went to work as an adviser to then-House Speaker Newt Gingrich, leaving her job as executive director of GOPAC—an organization founded 18 years earlier to train Republicans running for public office. It was Nelson’s work with Gingrich after the Republican Revolution of 1994 that she says readied her for the attacks waged on ALEC. “Working for Newt prepared me for kind of the slings and arrows,” Nelson says. “When you’re in the speaker’s office, when you’ve taken the House for the first time in 40 years, there are going to be a lot of people trying to poke holes in what you’re trying to do.” When Nelson became CEO of ALEC, Gingrich praised her leadership skills. “Lisa Nelson was a key leader at GOPAC in developing the Contract with America,” Gingrich said in a statement at the time. “She is a great leader with a deep public policy interest and a real understanding of innovation. She will greatly enhance ALEC’s ability to serve state legislators.” The former House speaker did not respond to The Daily Signal’s request for comment for this article. Iowa state Rep. Linda Upmeyer, a Republican, was national chairman of ALEC when Nelson took over as CEO in 2014. In the past two years, Upmeyer says, Nelson has increased transparency within ALEC and faced opposition from progressive groups head on. “She’s been wonderful about making sure we stay our course, making sure that mission, the true mission, the legs of the stool, are incorporated into everything we undertake,” Upmeyer tells The Daily Signal. “We pushed back [against opposition] hard, and Lisa has really led that charge.” ‘Pretty Good Instincts’ Above Nelson’s desk are two nearly identical pictures that give visitors a condensed version of her résumé: a degree in political science and international relations from the University of California at Berkeley; executive director at GOPAC; public affairs liaison to Gingrich; senior vice president for external relations at AOL-Time Warner; head of government relations at Visa Inc.; and today, CEO of ALEC. Just three weeks before she appeared on “The Diane Rehm Show,” Google CEO Eric Schmidt, in his own interview on Rehm’s show, said Google would be leaving ALEC because the organization supposedly denies that mankind’s activities are raising global temperatures. ALEC argues that climate change is an “historical phenomenon and the debate will continue on the significance of natural and anthropogenic contributions.” Nelson, meanwhile, credits Gingrich and the work of Republicans during the 1990s with setting the landscape that allowed technology companies such as Google to thrive. And Nelson says she had a “very personal reaction” to the news that the tech giant was leaving ALEC, given her connection to Silicon Valley. “I came to this organization thinking that I was going to bring in the technology community and the true innovators out of Silicon Valley. I knew exactly who they were, and I knew exactly how they’re politically motivated,” she says, adding: I think we had pretty good instincts on how hard to push back [against opponents of ALEC], which gave us a lot of courage to say, ‘We can do this, we can push back, and we can answer to these companies that are kind of caving to the intimidation and to the games that are being played.’ Lisa Nelson, CEO of ALEC, describes herself as a catalyst for changes that have made the organization more transparent. (Photo: American Legislative Exchange Council) Progressive groups have had their eyes on ALEC for years, but they ramped up pressure on its corporate members after the 2012 shooting death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin in Sanford, Florida. ALEC has said it based model legislation for states on Florida’s “Stand Your Ground” law, which allows someone who feels threatened to “meet force with force, including deadly force.” Critics said that law protected George Zimmerman, who a jury found not guilty in the fatal shooting of Martin. One month after Martin’s death, the group Color of Change, co-founded by Rashad Robinson and Van Jones, a former adviser to President Barack Obama, sent letters to CEOs and boards of corporations—among them Amazon, Coca-Cola, John Deere, McDonald’s, Pepsi, Procter & Gamble, Wendy’s, and Visa—they suspected were ALEC members. Facing ‘Corporate Blackmail’ Nelson, who worked at Visa at the time, saw a letter Color of Change sent to Joseph Saunders, then-CEO of Visa, and the corporation’s board of directors. “Our members and our allies have been calling on companies to stop supporting the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC), and we have promised them that we will publicly hold accountable corporations that continue to fund ALEC,” the letter read. Color of Change’s letter went on to warn the targeted companies that it planned to run radio ads to “make consumers aware” of their relationships with ALEC and the “policies it supports.” The letter added: “We plan to begin running these ads soon on Black radio stations across the country. We also plan to make the media aware of this ad campaign.” Included were links to audio recordings of the radio ads, which accused ALEC of “attacking the rights of black folks, Latinos, and workers in states across the country.” The letter was “corporate blackmail,” Nelson says, and she urged Saunders not to cower to the threats. She recalls: The conversation with my CEO was literally, ‘We are not going to let them bully us … and we’re not going to let them tell us who we can be members of and who we can’t.’ If you buckle into something like this and into a tactic like this, then who’s to say what’s next? Visa ended up continuing its relationship with ALEC. Other corporations, including Amazon and Wal-Mart in 2012 and Google in 2014, folded. Since taking over ALEC in 2014, Nelson says, she has proactively had conversations with leaders of member companies as the attacks have continued. “If business doesn’t stand up for itself in its right to engage in this debate and this dialogue, then they’re going to lose their ability to do that,” Nelson says. “It’s frustrating to see that a company could kind of lay down so easily.” ‘The Water Is Warm’ One of Nelson’s original goals for ALEC was to grow the organization both in terms of public members—state lawmakers—and private members—corporations, small businesses, trade associations, and think tanks. And though she has served as the group’s top executive for only two years—and in spite of the high-profile exits—ALEC’s membership has climbed. The organization grew by 17 percent in private-sector membership, with 28 companies joining. ALEC currently has more than 200 private members. In 2016, according to the group, it added 360 new legislators to the ranks and had 600 first-time attendees at its annual conference in Indiana. ALEC also is expanding into new policy arenas. Through its Center for Innovation and Technology, the organization is fostering discussions around the gig, or shared, economy. Additionally, Nelson says, ALEC will focus on issues of free speech, academic freedom, and donor privacy. In recent years, liberal activist groups have sought to force ALEC and other nonprofits with whom they disagree to disclose donors. Opponents of such efforts say the goal is to intimidate donors and chill free speech. Nelson says she firmly believes ALEC exists to foster debate among legislators and to help them land “in the right place.” She says: It’s all fair in love and war, and in the area of policy and debates. We want to have debate on all sides of any issue. We want to bring in all the people on all sides. And while some organizations may shy away from the heated opposition that has plagued ALEC, Nelson has just one thing to say to her group’s detractors: Join. “The water,” she says, “is warm.” The Daily Signal depends on the support of readers like you. Donate now Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Email Comments Print @MelissaQuinn97 Melissa Quinn Melissa Quinn is a senior news reporter for The Daily Signal. Send an email to Melissa. Related InternationalCommentary The Pathway Out of Paris PoliticsCommentary After Royally Screwing Up the Election, the Media Want Control Over Your Facebook News Energy Commentary Debunking Leonardo DiCaprio’s Climate Change Documentary Join The Discussion Back to Top Featured 2016 Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism Home Topics Economy Education Energy Health Care International Law Politics Security Society More Information Authors About The Daily Signal Contact Us Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Copyright Information About The Heritage Foundation Donate Connect with us Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ YouTube Get Free Alerts from The Daily Signal Join the millions of people who benefit from The Daily Signal’s fair, accurate, trustworthy reporting with direct access to: Intelligence from inside Washington Deep policy understanding from over 100 experts Your privacy is important to us Don’t have time to read the Washington Post or New York Times? Then get The Morning Bell, an early morning edition of the day’s most important political news, conservative commentary and original reporting from a team committed to following the truth no matter where it leads. Email address Ever feel like the only difference between the New York Times and Washington Post is the name? We do. Try the Morning Bell and get the day’s most important news and commentary from a team committed to the truth in formats that respect your time…and your intelligence. Email address ﻿
null
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»EMV in 2016: Breaking Through the Bottleneck - U.S. EMV Migration Makes Progress Despite Merchant Certification Bottleneck - Research and Markets 17.09.2016 | 13:22 (3 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire EMV in 2016: Breaking Through the Bottleneck - U.S. EMV Migration Makes Progress Despite Merchant Certification Bottleneck - Research and Markets DUBLIN, September 7, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "EMV in 2016: Breaking Through the Bottleneck" report to their offering. The research report, EMV in 2016: Breaking Through the Bottleneck, provides an updated outlook on the U.S. EMV migration, including estimates for the issuance of chip credit cards and the distribution and activation of chip-accepting point-of-sale (POS) terminals. Significant progress in the issuance of chip credit cards and the education of consumers has been offset by continued challenges in certifying and activating merchants' dormant point-of-sale terminals to accept EMV transactions. The resulting blowback-lawsuits, product changes, and policy shifts-has come to define the U.S. EMV migration in 2016. "Consumers have grown much more comfortable with chip cards over the last 12 months," comments Alex Johnson, Director of Credit Advisory Service and author of the report. "This has thrown the ongoing challenges in activating merchant POS terminals into sharper relief. How merchants, acquirers, and the card networks resolve these challenges will shape the next 12 months of the U.S. EMV migration." Highlights of the report include: Projections for the issuance of EMV credit cards and the distribution and activation of EMV-capable POS terminals Estimates for the volume of EMV-compliant credit card payments in the U.S. over the next five years A glimpse into the author's latest proprietary consumer and small business survey results relating to EMV An exploration of the issues inhibiting the certification and activation of EMV-capable POS terminals and an overview of the changes announced by the card networks to address those issues A review of the policy shifts, product changes, and legal maneuvers that have been employed by merchants and the card networks to resolve key disagreements in the U.S. EMV migration Key Topics Covered: 1. Executive Summary 2. Introduction 3. EMV Migration Forecasts (Where Are We So Far?) 4. General Purpose Credit Cards 5. Merchant Point-of-Sale Terminals 6. Chip-on-Chip Credit Card Transaction Volume 7. Consumer and Small Business Attitudes about EMV (How Do We Feel?) 8. Consumers 9. Small Businesses 10. Recent Market Developments (Whose Fault Is It?) 11. Certification and Chargebacks 12. A Quicker Chip Experience 13. PIN vs. Signature 14. The Future of the U.S. EMV Migration (Where Are We Going?) 15. Endnotes Companies Mentioned American Express Citi Costco Discover Home Depot Kroger MasterCard Target Visa Walmart For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/nn43g7/emv_in_2016 Related Topics: Bank Cards Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 © 2016 PR Newswire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Real Estate Retail Automotive Economy Small Business Healthcare OC Leaders Status Update Tourism More Over 8 days and all over California, thousands of first responders prepare for the Big One Winter blend arrives, lowering gas prices in Orange County Court approves release of O.C. jail deputies' notes Abused as a kid, Alex Jaso is trying to save the home that saved him Boermeester family went from UCLA fans to getting their kicks for USC Mike Fafaul and his long, improbable journey to UCLA Angels' Mike Trout wins 2016 American League MVP Ryan Kesler's hot hand lifts Ducks over Devils, 3-2 Post-election rate spike will reverse course Tustin home designed by Cliff May, 'father of the California ranch house,' snatched up in 10 days Winter blend arrives, lowering gas prices in Orange County Classic cars up for sale at Mecum Auction through Saturday Bruce Cameron's 'A Dog's Purpose' is the new Register Book Club selection Things to do in Orange County Nov. 18-19 How 'Fantastic Beasts' takes Eddie Redmayne to a time before Harry Potter Meet the characters and beasts of 'Fantastic Beasts' Top news Business New company makes creating homemade ice cream easier - and without a machine Sept. 17, 2016 Updated 5:02 p.m. 1 of 1 CEO Jareer Abu-Ali, left, and Ron Tan head up the Curious Creamery, a business with offices in Long Beach that sells an ice cream mix that doesn't require a machine to prepare. THOMAS R. CORDOVA, STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER CEO Jareer Abu-Ali, left, and Ron Tan head up the Curious Creamery, a business with offices in Long Beach that sells an ice cream mix that doesn't require a machine to prepare.THOMAS R. CORDOVA, STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER BY ANDREW EDWARDS / STAFF WRITER Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF Strawberry cream cheese ice cream Ingredients 1 pouch of Curious Creamery ice cream mix 4 ounces cream cheese, chilled 5 ounces milk, chilled 4 ounces strawberry jam 3 ounces chocolate chips Instructions Mix cream cheese until smooth. Add milk and one pack of powder to cream cheese. Using an electric mixer, whip the ingredients until smooth and creamy. Add chocolate chips; stir gently. Freeze 60-90 minutes. Add strawberry jam on the surface and stir slightly. Put in freezer until frozen (about six hours). Source: Curious Creamery A Long Beach company is betting shoppers will have enough curiosity over ice cream flavors that they’ll take a chance on a product that makes it easier for people to concoct their own desserts. The Curious Creamery is New Direction Foods’ first foray into retail; it has been on store shelves since May, Chief Executive Jareer Abu-Ali said. The ice cream product is sold at BevMo shops in California, Washington and Arizona that agreed to carry the product. Why BevMo, a store replete with booze and mixers? “Our push is that our product is all about freedom, and that includes alcoholic ice cream,” said Ron Tan, the company’s vice president of business development. That freedom, however, is also tied to the startup’s biggest obstacle. Of the company’s two products, ice cream mix and ice cream cake mix, the former is designed as a flavorless powder. That means consumers can add any flavor they want – be it berries or bourbon – but have to put forth some effort to produce something that typically comes packaged as a finished product. “Ice cream has been done the same way for so long,” Abu-Ali said. HOW IT WORKS A customer who buys Curious Creamery’s ice cream mix gets a tub-shaped package that looks like a standard container of ice cream. Inside are two packages of powdered mix and directions. Each package provides enough powder for one batch of ice cream; it’s up to the buyer to decide what to blend with the powder. Someone going for a more traditional ice cream flavor might choose cream or puréed fruit. The manufacturer’s recommendations call for using ice-cold liquids in the combination; coffee or alcoholic beverages are also possibilities. Beer can be mixed in as is, but directions suggest anyone using wine or hard liquor add water to cut the alcohol content to about 6 percent. The buyer stirs the powder mix and ingredients of choice using a power mixer, then leaves it to freeze for four to six hours. Abu-Ali and Tan said their proprietary mix enables consumers to make ice cream that has more nuanced flavors than store-bought versions. “You can take a coffee from Peru and you can take a coffee from Sumatra,” Tan said. “You can make an ice cream out of them, and you can taste the differences.” HOW THE FOUNDERS WORK Abu-Ali has spent more than a decade working in various positions in what some would call the world of big food. That part of his career ended, however, after he filed what he called a whistleblower case against Pinnacle Foods, the New Jersey company with brands that include Vlasic, Duncan Hines and Mrs. Butterworth. Abu-Ali alleged in his lawsuit that Pinnacle fired him for raising objections to his former employers’ handling of pickle products, a Law 360 article published in January 2013 reported. Abu-Ali’s filing alleged Pinnacle Foods fired him for trying to call attention to such problems as pickles being kept in storage beyond the time when the products could have been used for food, the article stated. Abu-Ali’s attorney, Damian Christian Shammas, said a New Jersey judge dismissed the case in Pinnacle’s favor in late 2015. He is appealing that decision. Pinnacle said in a statement that the company does not comment on pending litigation. Whatever the outcome, Abu-Ali said his decision to go to court ended his career in the established food industry. “People that used to know you don’t know you anymore,” he said. “It’s a huge industry, but it’s very incestuous.” After leaving New Jersey, Abu-Ali joined his wife in Thailand, where they established a consultancy called ASEAN-American Industrial Food Consulting Center at Naresuan University. Thailand is also where Abu-Ali met Tan, who grew up in Long Beach and also worked in the food industry. At the time they met, Tan was involved in exporting products from Southeast Asia. The pair bonded over experimental juice blends before deciding to open an ice cream business in Southern California. For now, New Direction Foods’ business offices are in Bixby Knolls, and the product is manufactured in Commerce. The company is looking for more spacious offices. New Direction Foods has raised some $3 million from investors backing its ice cream venture, Abu-Ali said. He aspires to start similar companies, including one selling whole-food ice cream – or premanufactured ice cream with a high percentage of natural ingredients. Besides BevMo, New Direction Foods also has deals to sell Curious Creamery products in Wal-Mart stores, and Ralphs spokeswoman Kendra Doyel said in an email that most Ralphs groceries are likely to carry the products in October. Though Abu-Ali’s days with big food companies are over, he wouldn’t be surprised if New Direction Foods takes off, influencing larger manufacturers. “If this company is successful, I think you’re going to see the big guys produce this kind of product,” he said. Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular O.C. Sheriff's Department searching for 2 in suspected auto, check scam Veteran who died at Doheny gets 'dignified end' after friends, strangers put together det A woman was found dead Huntington Beach in 1968. Who was this Jane Doe? Taxi driver gets year in jail for Newport Beach hit-run Jared Goff's skill set is 'off the charts,' Rams quarterback coach Chris Weinke says User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. Over 8 days and all over California, thousands of first responders prepare for the Big One Winter blend arrives, lowering gas prices in Orange County Court approves release of O.C. jail deputies' notes Abused as a kid, Alex Jaso is trying to save the home that saved him Boermeester family went from UCLA fans to getting their kicks for USC Mike Fafaul and his long, improbable journey to UCLA Angels' Mike Trout wins 2016 American League MVP Ryan Kesler's hot hand lifts Ducks over Devils, 3-2 Post-election rate spike will reverse course Tustin home designed by Cliff May, 'father of the California ranch house,' snatched up in 10 days Winter blend arrives, lowering gas prices in Orange County Classic cars up for sale at Mecum Auction through Saturday Bruce Cameron's 'A Dog's Purpose' is the new Register Book Club selection Things to do in Orange County Nov. 18-19 How 'Fantastic Beasts' takes Eddie Redmayne to a time before Harry Potter Meet the characters and beasts of 'Fantastic Beasts' Top news Education » Early Thanksgiving feast brings students, teachers together at Irvine school Voters support school upgrade measures Playgrounds at Lake Forest Elementary to receive new flooring BUSINESS » Post-election rate spike will reverse course Tustin home designed by Cliff May, 'father of the California ranch house,' snatched up in 10 days Winter blend arrives, lowering gas prices in Orange County O.C. Watchdog » Sheriff wants to keep jailhouse informant notes secret State watchdog widens investigation into Supervisor Andrew Do's taxpayer-funded mailers Coin dealer jailed, but victims of his nearly $18 million scam may not get their money back Health Care » Newport Beach doctor who faked own death pleads guilty to fleeing CSUF aims to strengthen its off-campus biotechnology presence Nurse who ran Laguna Niguel day spa agrees to guilty plea to injecting Botox not approved for use in the U.S. ENTERTAINMENT » Bruce Cameron's 'A Dog's Purpose' is the new Register Book Club selection Things to do in Orange County Nov. 18-19 How 'Fantastic Beasts' takes Eddie Redmayne to a time before Harry Potter Food » Thanksgiving recipes: Sides & desserts Christmas cookies in a crunch Best Thing I Ate This Week: Salmon at Farmhouse in Roger's Gardens TELEVISION » Heather Dubrow says 'Housewives' reunions are 'brutal' Robert Vaughn, suave 'Man from U.NCL.E.' star, dies at 83 This week's TV highlights Special Sections » OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 100 Top Workplaces 2015 Featured Multimedia SLIDESHOW » Classic cars up for sale at Mecum Auction through Saturday SLIDESHOW » Tustin home designed by Cliff May, 'father of the California ranch house,' snatched up in 10 days CARTOONS » Cartoons: Draining the swamp SLIDESHOW » Meet Santa Ana Zoo's 'Dr. Dolittle' who talks to the animals LATEST RHOC VIDEO » Heather Dubrow says 'Housewives' reunions are 'brutal' VIDEO » USC's offensive line faces stiff test against UCLA's sack-happy front Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2016 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 UPS and Toys R Us are hiring thousands of people to prepare for the holidays BI Intelligence Sep. 17, 2016, 1:30 AM 1,957 facebook linkedin twitter email print BII See Also Digital is mitigating in-store losses at Target JD.com is expanding its drone delivery program Alibaba completely smashed its Singles' Day record This story was delivered to BI Intelligence "E-Commerce Briefing" subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. E-commerce companies are beginning to plan for the holiday season with tens of thousands of temporary employees being onboarded. This year, numerous companies are focusing on expanding their fulfillment divisions in order to combat potential weather disruptions and consumer frustrations. UPS and Toys R Us are the latest to start preparing for the high-volume shopping season, which is the most critical for retailers. UPS is onboarding nearly 100,000 new hires: Transportation and logistics provider UPS expects to hire about 95,000 seasonal employees for the holidays, reports The Wall Street Journal. This is on par with the company's temporary hirings in recent years. However, the company has also faced significant roadblocks during the holidays — peak shipping volume was so extensive during the 2015 holiday season that in the week leading up to Christmas Day 2015, UPS could only deliver 91% of packages on time, according to ShipMatrix. Toys R Us is hiring seasonal employees for its e-commerce fulfillment centers: Toys R Us plans on hiring an undisclosed amount of temporary employees specifically for its e-commerce fulfillment centers, reports Internet Retailer. Last year, Toys R Us hired 40,000 seasonal employees for the holidays. The toy retailer operates eight fulfillment centers in the US dedicated to online orders, and deploying new hires to these locations will likely help boost productivity in shipping volume. Fulfillment is vital to e-commerce companies as it can significantly impact consumer loyalty. Consumer standards are rapidly rising as to what constitutes "fast shipping," and fulfillment experiences have the potential to impact whether or not they will return in the future. This is especially true during the holidays when shoppers are likely on deadlines for holiday events and gift-giving. Investing in employees dedicated to fulfillment can remove significant barriers that are keeping e-commerce from overtaking in-store shopping. Most notably, shoppers that may not want to wait days for an item could choose to buy it in a brick-and-mortar over an e-commerce site. However, the high sales activity during the holidays provides retailers with an opportunity to convert huge swaths of consumers into regular online buyers through efficient fulfillment services.  The parcel delivery industry — a segment of the shipping sector that deals with the transportation of packages to consumers — is booming thanks to e-commerce growth, and players outside the industry want a piece of the pie.  Evan Bakker, research analyst for BI Intelligence, Business Insider's premium research service, has compiled a detailed report on the future of shipping that looks at efforts by Amazon, Alibaba, and Walmart to handle more of their own shipping and concludes that big retailers are well positioned to disrupt the parcel industry. Here are some of the key points from the report:  Transportation and logistics could be the next billion dollar opportunity for e-commerce companies. The global shipping market, including ocean, air, and truck freight, is a $2.1 trillion market, according to World Bank, Boeing, and Golden Valley Co. There is much at stake for legacy shipping companies, which have seen a boom in parcel delivery as e-commerce spending has risen. Twenty different partners currently share the duties of shipping Amazon's 600 million packages a year, with FedEx, USPS, and UPS moving the most. Amazon, Alibaba, and Walmart have so far focused on building out their last-mile delivery and logistics services but are increasingly going after the middle- and first-mile of the shipping chain.  Amazon has already made major moves across each stage of the shipping journey. It launched same-day delivery service, which it handles through its own fleet of carriers, cutting out any third-party shippers. The company also recently began establishing shipping routes between China and North America. Walmart's interest in expanding its transportation and logistics operations is almost purely related to cost-savings. It's begun leasing shipping containers to transport manufactured goods from China and is making greater use of lockers and in-store pickup options to cut down on delivery costs. Alibaba has begun leasing containers on ships, similar to Amazon's Dragon Boat initiative. This means that Alibaba Logistics can now facilitate first-mile shipping for third-party merchants on its marketplace. In full, the report: Sizes the market for the shipping industry. Explains how the industry operates in broad terms. Suggests why major e-commerce retailers should disrupt the space. Outlines the shipping initiatives of Amazon, Walmart, and Alibaba. Concludes how these moves might impact traditional carriers. Interested in getting the full report? Here are two ways to access it: Subscribe to an All-Access pass to BI Intelligence and gain immediate access to this report and over 100 other expertly researched reports. As an added bonus, you'll also gain access to all future reports and daily newsletters to ensure you stay ahead of the curve and benefit personally and professionally. » START A MEMBERSHIP Purchase & download the full report from our research store. » BUY THE REPORT The choice is yours. But however you decide to acquire this report, you’ve given yourself a powerful advantage in your understanding of the future of shipping. More: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Content Marketing E-Commerce UPS Toys 'R' Us facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru UPS and Toys R Us are hiring thousands of people to prepare for the holidays UPS and Toys R Us are hiring thousands of people to prepare for the holidays This story was delivered to BI Intelligence... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
