Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary TheCannifornian.com Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary TheCannifornian.com Morgan Hill: Duo arrested in connection with… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Supermoon photos Happy 239th birthday S.J.! Gwen Ifill dies New Beauty and the Beast Racial slur fine Californians fleeing housing costs News Crime & Courts Morgan Hill: Duo arrested in connection with stabbing of Wal-Mart employee Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By Jason Green | jason.green@bayareanewsgroup.com PUBLISHED: November 9, 2016 at 9:15 pm | UPDATED: November 9, 2016 at 9:16 pm Noel Calderon, 31, of Gilroy, was arrested Tuesday on charges including assault with a deadly weapon and robbery. (Courtesy of the Morgan Hill Police Department)  MORGAN HILL — A man and a woman were arrested Tuesday night on suspicion of stabbing a Wal-Mart employee who tried to stop them from shoplifting, according to police. Related Articles San Jose: Police investigating Sunday homicide Man arrested for allegedly trespassing San Jose airport airfield San Jose: Promoter faces more sex assault charges San Jose police identify man killed in brawl San Jose State police: Woman sexually assaulted on campus Police said the employee was stabbed in the forearm just before 9 p.m. when he confronted the duo as they tried to leave the Wal-Mart at 170 Cochrane Plaza with goods they didn’t pay for. The man and woman fled in an SUV, which was later spotted in Gilroy. Officers in that city detained Noel Calderon, 31, of Gilroy, and Kimberly Angeles, 22, of Morgan Hill. They were later identified as the duo who stabbed the Wal-Mart employee. Kimberly Angeles, 22, of Morgan Hill, was arrested Tuesday on charges including assault with a deadly weapon and robbery. (Courtesy of the Morgan Hill Police Department)  A small knife and merchandise from the store also were found inside the SUV, according to police. Calderon and Angeles were both arrested and booked at the Santa Clara County Main Jail in San Jose on charges of assault with a deadly weapon, conspiracy, possession of illegal drugs and paraphernalia, possession of stolen property and robbery. In addition, Calderon was booked for a $50,000 robbery warrant out of San Jose, according to police. Anyone with information about the case can contact Detective Fernando Del Moral at 669-253-4964. Those wishing to remain anonymous can call 408-947-STOP (7867). Tags:  South Bay Crime Jason Green Jason Green is a breaking news reporter for the Bay Area News Group. He works week nights and spends most of his time covering crime and public safety. A graduate of UC Santa Barbara and the University of Southern California, he cut his teeth at the Inland Valley Daily Bulletin and the Palo Alto Daily News, and has been with the Bay Area News Group since its inception. Follow Jason Green @JGreenMercNews Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Klay Thompson to Boston? The anatomy of a bogus trade rumor Kawakami: Colin Kaepernick takes a dramatic leap in another 49ers loss Students disrupt traffic in Palo Alto, Menlo Park with anti-Trump protest The Warriors’ death lineup is back, and other things we learned through first 10 games Raiders midseason(ish) awards: Derek Carr’s the clear MVP San Jose expected to settle Sharks’ lawsuit over Diridon development Pizarro: St. James Park design competition hits a snag Purdy: Kaepernick vs. Brady will be most political quarterback matchup ever More in Crime & Courts Santa Cruz mental health services under microscope after fatal officer-involved shooting November 14, 2016, 1:11 pm Why couldn’t four well-trained police officers disarm and neutralize Sean Arlt as he brandished a metal bow rake? Toddler’s hot-car death: Georgia father guilty of murder November 14, 2016, 1:03 pm BRUNSWICK, Ga. (AP) — A Georgia father has been found guilty of murder in the 2014 death of his toddler son, who perished after being left in a hot car. A jury reached its verdict Monday in the trial of Justin Ross Harris.  Cooper, 22 months old, died after Harris left the boy in his SUV while he was at work... Taylor Swift sealed photo hits the Internet November 14, 2016, 12:29 pm A photo of Taylor Swift possibly being touched inappropriately, that was sealed by a judge, has been leaked to the Internet. Cupertino: City offering free women’s self-defense workshop November 14, 2016, 1:32 pm The city of Cupertino is offering a free two-hour self-defense workshop for female residents on Nov. 19 from 9 to 11 a.m. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2016 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Download News App Live Video Channel 1 Channel 2 Traffic Map Incidents Weather 7 Day Forecast Alerts Forecast Hourly Radar School/Business Closings Web Cameras News Local Tennessee Kentucky National/World Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School Community Community Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes As Seen On WATE Good Morning Tennessee Good Day Tennessee WATE 6 On Your Side News at 4:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:30 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 6:00 p.m. CW20 News at 10:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 11:00 p.m. Report It! Send News Tips Contact Us Meet the Team 52° F Few Clouds Hi: 64° F Lo: 40° F Forecast Radar WebCams 2 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Traffic Local Tennessee Kentucky Watercooler National/World Closings Food For Thought Caring for Our Kids Knox County Blount County Sevier County Anderson County Hamblen County Campbell County Roane County Cumberland County Loudon County More Featured: Your Vote 2016 Latest Headlines Sevierville couple loses hundreds in bizarre customer service scam 6:38 pm A Sevierville couple lost several hundreds of dollars to a new hoax that could have cost them more. They believed they were talking with a c… Pat Summitt Alzheimer’s Clinic set to open in December 6:45 pm The clinic is a partnership between the UT Medical Center and The Pat Summitt Foundation. Sevierville police see rise in use of credit card skimmers 6:04 pm Group works to ensure equality in education, discipline in Knox County Schools 6:52 pm Knoxville State Street Garage accepting submissions for permanent sculpture 4:24 pm Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Closings Current Conditions Current Temperatures Forecast Hour-by-Hour Radar Web Cameras Download the Knoxville Wx App More Current Conditions 52° F Few Clouds Feels Like: 52° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 57% Dewpoint: 37° F Sunrise: 7:11 AM Sunset: 5:28 PM Knoxville Area Weather Forecast Radar WebCams 7-Day Sponsored by: Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School More Community News Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes Habitat For Humanity More As Seen On WATE Good Day Tennessee Good Morning Tennessee WATE 6 On Your Side News at 4:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:30 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 6:00 p.m. CW20 News at 10:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 11:00 p.m. Report It Report It Galleries Watch Watch Now As Seen On WATE Television Schedule Find our Channel Hollywood Today LIVE Tennessee This Week More About Us Contact Meet the Team Download our WATE 6 On Your Side apps Text Alerts Email Alerts Closings Jobs at WATE On Your Side Local Business Request a Tour Contests Advertising Search for: Search the site 52° F Few Clouds Hi: 64° F Lo: 40° F MEDIC begins testing all donations for Zika on first day of Orange and Blue competition WATE 6 On Your Side staff Published: November 9, 2016, 3:00 pm Updated: November 14, 2016, 2:43 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) The rivalry between Vols fans and Kentucky Wildcats fans is happening on and off the field. KNOXVILLE (WATE) – Every year the Tennessee Volunteers compete against the Kentucky Wildcats at Neyland Stadium to see who can donate the most blood to their local blood center. This year the competition begins November 14, the same day MEDIC Regional Blood Center said they will begin testing all donation for Zika. This the 29th year fans of the Vols and Cats have compted to see who can donate the most blood. For the past several years, The Vols fans lost to Kentucky, but this year MEDIC Regional Blood Center said they hope fans can turn the competition around. This year, the blood center is offering a t-shirt, coupon for a free pizza from Papa John’s, free Chick-fil-a sandiwch, free Wendy’s Frosty, free appetizer from Texas Roadhouse and free admission to Fantasy of trees for all donors. Since February, U.S. blood centers have been turning away people who have recently traveled to areas with Zika outbreaks, under a previous FDA directive. In August the FDA expanded their screening, asking all blood donation centers to start screening for Zika, a major expansion intended to protect the nation’s blood supply from the mosquito-borne virus. Donation locations Monday, November 14 MEDIC Knoxville, 1601 Ailor Avenue, 8am-6:30pm MEDIC Farragut, 11000 Kingston Pike, 7:30am-7pm MEDIC Crossville, 79 S Main Street, 12pm-6pm (CST) Blount Memorial Hospital, 907 E Lamar Alexander Pkwy, Maryville 10am – 6pm Walmart Lenoir City, 911 Hwy 321 North, 11am – 7pm Laughlin Memorial Hospital, 1420 Tusculum Blvd, 10am – 6pm Methodist Medical Center, 990 Oak Ridge Turnpike, 11am – 6pm Takoma Regional Hospital, 401 Takoma Avenue, 10am – 6pm UT Health, Physical Education & Recreation (HPER), 11am – 7pm Tuesday, November 15 MEDIC Knoxville, 1601 Ailor Avenue, 8am-6:30pm MEDIC Farragut, 11000 Kingston Pike, 7:30am-7pm MEDIC Crossville, 79 S Main Street, 12pm-6pm (CST) Food City Maynardville, 4344 Maynardville Hwy, 11am – 7pm Food City Oliver Springs, 508 E Tri-County Blvd, 11am – 7pm Papa John’s in Halls, 7020 Maynardville Pike, 11am – 7pm UT Health, Physical Education & Recreation (HPER), 11am – 7pm UT South Carrick Hall, 2pm – 8pm UT Institute of Agriculture, 9am – 4pm Wednesday, November 16 MEDIC Knoxville, 1601 Ailor Avenue, 8am-6:30pm MEDIC Farragut, 11000 Kingston Pike, 6:30am-6pm MEDIC Crossville, 79 S Main Street, 8am-4pm (CST) Pellissippi State, 10915 Hardin Valley Rd, 8:30am – 4pm Walmart Oneida, 19740 Alberta St, 11am – 7pm Walmart Rockwood, 1102 North Gateway Ave, 11am – 7pm Walmart Sevierville, 1414 Parkway, 11am – 7pm UT Health, Physical Education & Recreation (HPER), 11am – 7pm UT Hess Hall, 1720 Melrose Place, 2pm – 8pm UT Sorority Village, 2950 Sorority Village Circle, 12pm – 7pm Thursday, November 17 MEDIC Knoxville, 1601 Ailor Avenue, 8am-6:30pm MEDIC Farragut, 11000 Kingston Pike, 7:30am-7pm MEDIC Crossville, 79 S Main Street, 12pm-6pm (CST) TN College of Applied Technology in Crossville, 910 Miller Avenue, 8am – 2pm (CST) Walmart Jefferson City, 630 Hwy 11E, 11am – 7pm Walmart Morristown, 4331 W. Andrew Johnson Hwy, 11am – 7pm UT Health, Physical Education & Recreation (HPER), 11am – 7pm UT Pedestrian Bridge/Hesler Biology Building, 11am – 7pm UT Volunteer Hall, 2pm – 8pm Friday, November 18 MEDIC Knoxville, 1601 Ailor Avenue, 8am-6:30pm MEDIC Farragut, 11000 Kingston Pike, 6:30am-6pm MEDIC Crossville, 79 S Main Street, 8am-4pm (CST) Walmart Clinton, 150 Tanner Lane, 10am – 6pm Walmart Morristown, 475 S. Davy Crockett Pkwy, 11am – 7pm Walmart New Tazewell, 432 S. Broad St, 11am – 7pm Walmart Newport, 1075 Cosby Hwy, 10am – 6pm UT Health, Physical Education & Recreation (HPER), 11am – 7pm UT Brown Hall, 12pm – 7pm UT College of Law, 12pm – 6pm Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts MEDIC hosts 11th Annual Tennessee vs. Florida blood drive competition Provision Center to host blood drive, free PSA screenings for prostate cancer Blood donors to receive free admission to Tennessee Valley Fair Knoxville Halloween 2016: Parties, parades, haunted houses and more Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WATE.com @WATESports on TwitterMy Tweets Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WATE.com © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Young Broadcasting of Knoxville, Inc. A Media General Company. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site News Knoxville, TN Weather Sports Community Report It Watch More County Anderson County Blount County Campbell County Claiborne County Cocke County Cumberland County Fentress County Grainger County Greene County Hamblen County Hancock County Hawkins County Jefferson County Knox County Loudon County McMinn County Monroe County Morgan County Roane County Sevier County Scott County Union County Station Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertising Terms and Conditions and Credit Policy FCC Public File For problems with the FCC File Jobs at WATE EEO Public Filings Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Media General Contests Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Baldwin County Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Southern Miss Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Community Photos Submit your own photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Your Videos Submit your own videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus View our Instagram Photos See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Alabama Change Region comments Walmart renovates two local stores, now offering grocery pickup Walmart Neighborhood Market opens on Valleydale (File/Martin J. Reed / mreed@al.com) Print Email Kelly Poe | kpoe@al.com By Kelly Poe | kpoe@al.com AL.com Email the author | Follow on Twitter on November 09, 2016 at 4:13 PM, updated November 09, 2016 at 4:14 PM comments Walmart has renovated two of its Birmingham-area stores.  The Walmart Neighborhood Market in Vestavia Hills at 1300 Montgomery Highway and the Walmart Supercenter in at 8551 Whitfield Ave. in Leeds will both hold grand reopening celebrations on Friday.  The Leeds location includes a new store layout, new registers, lighting, deli cases and fresh paint. The electronics department has also been updated and a remodeled pharmacy.  The Vestavia remodel includes a new produce section, hot meals and adding fresh donuts to the bakery offerings.  Both stores, after renovations, are now eligible for Walmart Pickup. The program is already available at four area Walmarts. The program works by visiting walmart.com/grocery or the Walmart Grocery app, selecting a store that has the program and building a shopping list. Then, customers choose a time to pick up their groceries. Workers shop the list, and customers pull up to reserved parking spaces and call a number to alert workers. An employee comes out and loads the groceries into a customer's car.  "We are looking forward to re-introducing our store to the community with expanded offerings and a fresh look," Vestavia assistant store manager Julie McCall said in a press release. "Our everyday low prices will remain the same, but we're adding greater convenience and a new and improved local grocery shopping experience." Business resources Read and post business press releases Sign up for free daily business news emails Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / DrPhoneFix Expands Locations into Walmart Stores Nationwide DrPhoneFix Expands Locations into Walmart Stores Nationwide Posted on November 9, 2016 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Cell phone repair franchise, DrPhoneFix is excited to announce that its franchise locations can now be opened in Walmart shopping centers throughout the United States! Fort Lauderdale, Florida (PRWEB) November 09, 2016 Cell phone repair franchise, DrPhoneFix is excited to announce that its franchise locations can now be opened in Walmart shopping centers throughout the United States! Headquartered in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, DrPhoneFix is excited to announce it has opened its first six Wal-Mart locations. Based within Florida Walmart stores, the company has sites in Oldsmar and Tampa as well as two locations in Naples. Additional Wal-Mart locations include Plano, Texas and Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. DrPhoneFix locations existing within Wal-Mart stores provide owners and staff the opportunity to serve a larger and more broad customer base. It will also provide Wal-Mart customers with the convenience and value of the services and products offered by DrPhoneFix. DrPhoneFix was founded in 2011. As the complexity of cell phones increased over the years, so did the demand for quick and affordable repairs. Naturally, DrPhoneFix saw quick success and growth. Its in-depth training programs and comprehensive support to franchise owners, allowed the company to open 27 locations throughout Florida, Utah, Alabama and North Carolina. Franchise opportunities are available throughout the country and new locations are opening rapidly. Business professionals are quick to take advantage of this booming industry and comprehensive training provided by DrPhoneFix. For example, franchise owners are trained in all of the following areas: store operations, marketing support, cell phone repair and sales. Since its opening, DrPhoneFix’s teams have repaired more than over 400,000 mobile devices. In addition, the company sells the newest smartphone and tablet accessories at each repair location. Although the company is based in Florida, it aims to have a DrPhoneFix in every state, and soon, every city. DrPhoneFix expects its deal with Walmart to significantly increase the amount of franchisee applicants and location openings. For more information about DrPhoneFix, its locations or franchise opportunities please visit DrPhoneFix.com. DrPhoneFix is an established cell phone repair business that has quickly expanded from one location into more than 25 repair shops nationwide. DrPhoneFix offers the best iPhone, Smartphone, iPad, Tablet and computer repair services in the industry, with quality parts to extend the life of your device's replacement parts. DrPhoneFix also offers diagnostics services for all devices to make sure all parts are working properly. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/11/prweb13834675.htm Latest News Progressive Dental Discusses Modern Dental Marketing in Las Vegas, NV at Nierman Practice Management Symposium Greenberg Traurig Attorney Authors Book on Art and Business Law Using antibiotics wisely: Do’s and Don’ts Baldor Specialty Foods to Spread Holiday Cheer to Hunts Point Neighbors INVESTOR ALERT: Khang &amp; Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Supreme Industries Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm IMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Khang &amp; Khang LLP Announces an Investigation of PAREXEL International Corporation Smiles in Atlanta Dentistry is Pleased to Invite Public to Holiday Happy Hour Integlia and University Orthopedics Break Ground on State-of-the-Art Medical Facility 360factors EHS Consulting Services Sponsor for WEDA Gulf Coast Meeting Maria Sendra Joins Greenberg Traurig, Breathing New Life into the Firm’s Corporate & Securities Practice in Silicon Valley © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Search Sign in to comment!Login Fox News Home Watch Live Trending Video Watch Live Show Clips News Clips FN Radio Live Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Executive Senate House of Representatives Defense Judiciary Scandals Congress To-Do List U.S. U.S. Home Crime Terrorism Economy Immigration Disasters Military Education Environment Personal Freedoms Regions Opinion Opinion Home Todd Starnes Judith Miller Juan Williams KT McFarland Dr. Keith Ablow Karl Rove Ric Grenell Entertainment [FOX411] HOME Celebrity News Movies TV Music Style [FOX411] Video Tech Tech Home Gadgets Google Social Military Tech Smartphones Video Games Slideshows Science Science Home Archaeology Air & Space Planet Earth Wild Nature Natural Science Dinosaurs Slideshows Health Health Home Men's Health Women's Health Children's Health Alternative Medicine Diabetes Heart Health Allergies Nutrition & Fitness Travel Travel Home Slideshows In 5 Guides Lifestyle Lifestyle Home Auto Food & Drink Real Estate Recipes Wine with Me World World Home U.N. Conflicts Terrorism Disasters Global Economy Environment Religion Scandals Regions Sports Sports Home NFL MLB NCAA FB Nascar UFC Soccer NBA NHL NCAA BK On Air On Air Home A Healthy You & Carol Alt America's News HQ America's Newsroom Cavuto Fox Files Fox & Friends First Fox & Friends Fox & Friends Weekend Fox News Sunday Geraldo Rivera Reports Hannity Happening Now Justice with Judge Jeanine Legends & Lies: The Patriots #mediabuzz On the Record Outnumbered Red Eye w/ Tom Shillue Shepard Smith Reporting Special Report Specials Sunday Morning Futures with Maria Bartiromo The Cost of Freedom The Five The Greg Gutfeld Show The Journal Editorial Report The Kelly File The O'Reilly Factor The Property Man The Real Story War Stories More from Fox News Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Lifestyle Home Auto Food & Drink Real Estate Recipes Wine with Me Great Outdoors Celebrity Chefs Patti LaBelle is getting her own cooking show Published November 09, 2016 FoxNews.com Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print Grammy-award winning singer Patti LaBelle is expanding her lifestyle brand with a new Cooking Channel show. (Reuters) Patti LaBelle, the iconic singer-turned-Walmart baked goods entrepreneur, will be sharing her favorite recipes on a new Cooking Channel show this fall.  The six-episode series “Patti LaBelle’s Place” will feature the songstress whipping up some of her classic soul food with guests like rapper 50 Cent, Gayle King and fashion guru Joe Zee. "The one-of-a-kind Patti LaBelle's talents in the kitchen are right up there with her talents on-stage," said Food Network and Cooking Channel’s SVP of programming Didi O'Hearn, said. "The happiness Patti gets from sharing her favorite dishes with her guests is a joy to watch." Walmart’s Patti LaBelle Sweet Potato Pie has us singing too That happiness is probably best immortalized in a 2015 viral video from Los Angeles-based singer James Wright Chanel. After picking up a handful of LaBelle’s Sweet Potato Pies from Walmart, Wright Chanel posted a video review where he belted his way to over five million views—while also chowing down on the sweet pie. Texas Walmart to open restaurant with deep-fried State Fair food The video catapulted the seasonal selection into the national spotlight with many Walmarts selling out of the pies ahead of Thanksgiving last year. LaBelle has since released two new cakes with the discount retailer. On her new show LaBelle will make Southern staples like fried chicken, braised brisket, greens and peach cobbler. She’ll also be whipping up some vegan dishes. “Patti LaBelle’s Place” debuts Dec. 3 with two back-to-back episodes. Advertisement Trending in Lifestyle 1 Mystery customer leaves $100 bills for McDonald’s employees 2 People want to move overseas for McDonald’s Italy Nutella burger 3 Modern milk? Dairy farmers using high-tech implants to monitor cows 4 Mexican beer industry already feeling the effects of Trump's proposed policies 5 Everything you need to know about buying and storing nuts See all Trends Auto Rates From Around the Web Advertisement Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About On Air Personalities Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ

SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Life Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Xtras! Homes Archives USA TODAY Photos-Videos Louisville Storytellers Kentucky State Fair More Home News Sports Life Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Xtras! Homes Archives USA TODAY Photos-Videos Louisville Storytellers Kentucky State Fair Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Xtras! deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 665 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest L'ville's urban grocers falling like dominoes Three urban grocery stores have failed while a fourth is on the brink Post to Facebook L'ville's urban grocers falling like dominoes Three urban grocery stores have failed while a fourth is on the brink  Check out this story on courier-journal.com: http://cjky.it/2fCl5OS {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 9 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. L'ville's urban grocers falling like dominoes Jere Downs , @JereDowns 3:18 p.m. EST November 13, 2016 Grocery chains requiring higher household incomes and bigger stores to thrive are dwindling in the city's older, poorer neighborhoods Buy Photo (L-R) Trisha Acree and Thomas Dimartile purchase items from cashier Brandi Tyler at the Shively Kroger on 7th Street Road. The store will be closing soon. Nov. 9, 2016 (Photo: Sam Upshaw Jr./CJ)Buy Photo If you live inside the Watterson Expressway, prepare to drive farther for your groceries. Kroger closes its Shively store by month's end. Wal-Mart just abandoned plans for a super store on Broadway at 18th. The First Link grocery shut down last April in Phoenix Hill, and Old Louisville's Kroger on Second Street remains up for sale. While food deserts in the city's poorer neighborhoods expand, sales figures from the Shively Kroger reveal its fate. The Shively Kroger, across from the Krispy Kreme on Seventh Street, averaged about $7 in sales per square foot from Oct. 30 to Nov. 3, according to a Courier-Journal analysis of the weekly "Sales Recap" displayed on a public billboard adjacent to the store deli. That performance falls far below an industry standard of $8.50 per square foot that analysts say is required for grocery stores to survive. "I can see why they are closing. $8.50 is teetering on the edge of what is acceptable," supermarket analyst Ed Smith said of the Shively Kroger, which opened in 1962. "The bottom end would be $8." Two miles west on Dixie Highway, the brand new 124,000 square foot Kroger Marketplace is already drawing customers from inside the Watterson Expressway, Kroger spokesman Tim McGurk said. Data from store loyalty card purchases show 70 percent of Shively Kroger customers already shop at Kroger stores nearby, he added. At a mere 53,000 square feet, the Shively store "is losing too much money to keep open," McGurk said Monday upon announcing the upcoming closure Nov. 29. "It's not sustainable." ►READ MORE:  Trump's Ky victory a drubbing: What to know Driving traffic further down Dixie, outside the city's inner ring, to support the new Kroger Marketplace is a common strategy for mass retailers relying on high volumes to compete on razor-thin profit margins.  At the Marketplace store, sales of higher-profit items like furniture, housewares and clothing help support the bottom line, said Smith, a veteran supermarket analyst based in Cincinnati, Ohio, where Kroger is headquartered. Metro Louisville councilwoman Mary Woolridge picks up her prescriptions at the Shively Kroger, which hosted 15,000 shoppers during five days according to the store's sales figures. Sales data shows that customer mix runs heavy on people who need their medicine. Prescriptions accounted for 21 percent of $373,000 in sales at the Shively Kroger during Sunday through Thursday time period at the start of November. In this urban South End neighborhood, categories like flowers, deli foods and "Natural Foods" are luxuries, with each accounting for less than one half of one percent of sales. "It seems like this is happening more and more," Woolridge said of the store closure in her council district. "For people who don't have transportation, I wonder how that is going to work out. I am sad and disappointed to hear this news." Kroger associate Joyce Banks assisted Caroline Darden during a purchase at the Shively Kroger November 7, 2016.  (Photo: Jere Downs) Transportation is a challenge for disabled nurse Caroline Darden, who offered $31 in food stamps at the Shively Kroger on Monday to pay for bread, frozen meals and produce while shelling out $20 in cash for cat food and kitty litter. "I've been shopping here for 12 years," said Darden, adding she does not own a car. "The new Kroger Marketplace is nice, but I don't know how I will get there." If per capita income figures are any predictor, Louisville's poorest and working class neighborhoods won't be able to attract new grocers anytime soon, analysts said. As these smaller, older groceries in Louisville's urban core fall away, any neighborhoods hosting average median household incomes of $50,000 or less are unlikely to attract a new grocery, said supermarket analyst David J. Livingston. "You follow the money in the grocery business, that's been a trend for a long time," Livingston, a supermarket analyst since 1982, said from his base in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. "Kroger and Meijer are all migrating to the outer ring of cities.  Wal-Mart is always on the outer ring, while Aldi always goes where Wal-Mart is." A map of Louisville neighborhoods downtown, as well as those south and west of Interstate 65 show median household incomes mostly average $40,000 or less. In the neighborhood of Shively Park, for example, across from the soon-to-be-closed Kroger at Crums Lane and Seventh Street, median household incomes average $33,590. In St. Matthews, where a Whole Foods, Fresh Thyme, Rainbow Blossom and Trader Joe's compete for shoppers along Shelbyville Road, median household incomes range between $65,000 and $92,311, according to 2013 Census data. After the 73-year-old First Link supermarket closed at 431 E. Liberty St. east of downtown, there was talk a liquor store chain was eyeing the property. That prompted the Louisville Housing Authority to purchase the property last month for $3 million, to avoid damaging a neighborhood anchored by the Dosker Manor public housing complex across the street and the mixed use Liberty Green development to the west, made up of public housing and market rate apartments, Housing Authority director Tim Barry said. "We needed to protect the investment we already have," Barry said of the purchase financed with $2.7 million in federal funds and $300,000 from Metro Government. There are no plans for the property yet, he added. The Kroger in Old Louisville remains up for sale, a 26,000 square foot store at Breckinridge and Second streets frequented by college students, senior citizens and neighborhood families. From Broadway south to the University of Louisville, that Kroger occupies a census tract where the household median income runs $15,000 a year. The Old Louisville Kroger also operates at a loss, McGurk said. The store's lease expires at year's end. Kroger has an option to extend the lease through 2017, according to the real estate listing by CBRE broker Scott Gilmore.  Asked about prospects for a sale, Gilmore declined to comment on Tuesday. Losing the Old Louisville Kroger, Metro councilman David James said, "would be devastating. Old Louisville is the highest concentration of senior citizen living communities anywhere in the city." Alarmed at continuing public health impacts suffered by lower income residents without access to fresh produce, some Louisville activists have begun to organize a Louisville Food Co-op, a community grocery store model supported by members who volunteer. The second public meeting to gauge resident interest takes place Nov. 14 at Meyzeek Middle School at 6 p.m. So far, the concept has attracted 268 members to a group Facebook page and committees have been formed to study the need for capital and land acquisition. Lower incomes in the city and the trend of Kroger's recent investments, including a new Holiday Manor store in the East End and a Kroger Marketplace being constructed on the outskirts of New Albany, Ind., "make the co-op's work just that much more important," Co-op steering committee member Cassia Herron said. "I don't think anyone is paying much attention to this trend," Herron said. "We know that health equity is everything. But in terms of people following the trend and digging deep, I don't see anyone trying to attract something that alleviates the food deserts." By 2018, look for the new 30-story Omni Hotel to open downtown at Liberty and Third streets, where the city struck a deal with developers to include an "urban marketplace," said Jeff Mosley, deputy chief of Louisville Forward, the city's economic development arm. The identity of that grocery has not been announced, project spokeswoman Kerri Richardson said Tuesday. "There is going to be a grocery in that complex. Omni has committed to doing it," Mosley said of 20,000 square feet set aside for a specific purpose described in the agreement: "It will be a high quality, full-service grocery store selling prepared and unprepared food, other consumables and grocery items." Jere Downs can be reached at (502) 582-4669, JDowns@Courier-Journal.com and Jere Downs on Facebook. 665 CONNECTTWEET 1 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://cjky.it/2fCl5OS TOP VIDEOS Rev. Kevin Cosby on Clinton, Obama & Trump 9:44 Pitino: Trump should apologize to McCain, Khan family 2:16 Convoy of restored military vehicles cross Second Street Bridge 1:51 Mitch McConnell talks Trump and Republican victories 19:57 Anti-Trump protesters take to the streets in Louisville | Video 1:19 Pitino previews Evansville 5:11 Rick Pitino shares funny anecdote about Cardinal Center Anas Mahmoud 1:24 Pitino talks about new recruiting class at weekly press conference 17:50 Kentucky Republicans's Jeff Hoover & Robert Stivers the day after elections 20:02 Woman found shot in Okolona apartment 0:37 10 tips for easier holiday travel with kids 1:50 Barbara Sexton Smith wins 4th District Metro Council seat | Video 7:32 Congressman John Yarmuth wins his re-election bid | Video 11:43 What's next after 'emotional roller coaster' election? 1:51 Long lines for early voters in Clark County 0:27 We Can Hear You Just Fine: Clarifications from the Kentucky School for the Blind 1:20 People in Ohio are restricted from 'Poll Observing' on election day 1:46 The Great Salt Lake reached its lowest water level on record 0:57 Kentucky Democrats rally before election 0:50 Students cast votes at Brown School in mock election 3:53 Dog owner shocked to receive bill for damages after dog killed 1:52 Driver sues for damage to car after collision with dog 3:56 Otto Schalk talks about guilty plea in double murder 1:34 Bob Heleringer ad features 'Orange is the New Black' star 0:15 The future of the Metro Animal Shelter 0:53 Kentucky Muscle, Strength & Fitness Extravaganza | Video 1:40 Local celebs raise money by rappelling in downtown Louisville 3:34 Jaconiah 'Joc' Fields, one of the kids hit by SUV, talks 3:26 Mayor Fischer reacts to Wal-mart pulling out of west Louisville deal 11:54 Louisville coach Rick Pitino talks to the crowd at the Tip Off Luncheon 26:32 Riders and witnesses describe TARC bus crash into utility pole in the Highlands 1:12 Obama attacks Bevin in new ad for Yarmuth 1:00 Somali community wants answers after train accident | Video 1:33 LMPD peace walk in the Park Hill neighborhood due to recent violence 1:06 Halloween costume tips for busy parents 2:09 Woolly worms? Persimmon seeds? John Belski talks folklore and weather 5:24 More Stories Archery program a local popular offering Nov. 14, 2016, 4:04 p.m. Man arrested, charged with Shively burglaries Nov. 14, 2016, 3:59 p.m. Yum! Center, Delta Dental to add charging stations Nov. 14, 2016, 3:37 p.m. IU into top 5; UK, UofL gain in new USAT poll Nov. 14, 2016, 1:46 p.m.
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections RNC 2016 Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Community Bloggers Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Football Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Gymnastics Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Community Videos Submit Your Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Four years later, Fountains of Solon rezoning issue faced with defeat at the polls Print Email Thomas Jewell, special to cleveland.com By Thomas Jewell, special to cleveland.com Sun News on November 09, 2016 at 4:26 AM, updated November 09, 2016 at 6:00 AM comments Solon Issue 98 took various incarnations, from housing for "millennials," then to "empty nesters" to "Not a Tax" to "Stop Walmart." Tom Jewell/Special to cleveland.com  SOLON, Ohio -- After several years in the making, the Fountains of Solon rezoning proposal appeared to be on its way to a double-edged defeat at the polls by early Wednesday. With the initiative petition for rezoning 22 acres of land off Solon Road and Erico Drive requiring passage not only citywide but in "Home Ward Four" as well, an official precinct breakdown was not available at press time. But unofficial Cuyahoga County Board of Elections results showed the measure losing citywide by a 70-30 margin, with 8,606 against over 3,704 in favor. "As I digest the results, I want to thank the residents of Solon and our city officials for their support," landowner and prospective developer Nathan Lancry said late Tuesday. Lancry added that he would reserve further comment for a later date, but said an earlier statement by a spokeswoman that he would consider selling the land if it was not rezoned "multi-family residential" was incorrect and made without consulting him. The final campaign push by Lancry and his development team, seeking to build a 186-unit luxury apartment complex on land that is currently zoned commercial, truly had opponents up in arms. One of them, Don Gallo, arrived at Solon City Council on the eve of the election with what he called an "outrageous flier" urging voters to "Stop Walmart," as well as other uses that might be deemed permissible in a commercially-zoned district -- at least in other cities. It may never be known how many people actually voted to "stop Walmart," or for a ballot issue that earlier billed itself as not being a tax. "Your constituents have no idea how they're being hoodwinked," Gallo told council Monday (Nov. 7), arguing that the property is still too small for a Walmart, which already has a superstore in nearby Bainbridge Township. City officials have recommended office space on the land purchased by Lancry and his investment team for $2.35 million from University Hospitals in late 2014 -- after approaching the city prior to that with a high-end apartment concept. The spokeswoman for Lancry said Oct. 30 that Walmart was a purely "hypothetical" scenario, as were dollar stores, fast food franchises and check-cashing operations -- the last of which Solon does not permit by code. "Lancry and his cohorts have been trying to bully Solon voters into approving their zoning initiatives through a series of lies and devious statements like these," Gallo told council, accusing city officials of not taking a strong enough stand on the issue. While some council members took the advice of Law Director Tom Lobe to refrain from speaking out against the proposal, Ward Four Councilman Marc Kotora has been a vocal opponent from the outset. Kotora said Monday that he had been receiving a "plethora of phone calls" from concerned residents, adding that "this issue is not about Walmart." Marilyn Matia also chastised city officials for what she felt was a "lack of vision" on their part, although none have ever endorsed the project. Mark Haas, treasurer for the Issue 98 opposition group Citizens Against Rezoning Solon -- CARS -- spent much of Tuesday out at the polls, visiting three of Solon's seven precincts. "Their whole campaign has been based on misinformation," Haas said. Haas did point to the earlier "Vote Yes on Issue 98" signs that declared the initiative was "Not a Tax," adding "that may be one of the few things they said that was accurate." Another city issue appeared to be on its way to renewal Tuesday, this one involving Solon safety forces, a continued half-mill in the form of Solon Issue 97, which won 66 percent to 34 percent. The city also had a number of other zoning issues on Tuesday's ballot which were still being tabulated at press time. Final election results for all races and issues are available by visiting cleveland.com/election-results. Connect with your Community Share your community events, stories, events & more Sun News letters to the Editor: How to submit Fall & Winter photos The seasons are changing & there's a chill in the air. It's time for fall and winter adventures near & far. Send us your fall & winter photos ... Share your photos» Neighborhood Dining Essential Cleveland Dining Cleveland's a big-league foodie town and we've got the news and reviews you need to navigate all of the area's dining-out options, plus a growing collection of essential dining guides. THE GUIDES A-List: Cleveland's Top 100 Restaurants Best of Downtown Best of Ohio City Best of Little Italy Best of Tremont More dining guides & reviews » Solon news in your inbox Sign up for our Solon newsletter Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Solon HS Sports Latest Solon HS News | Scores & Schedules | Teams About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Share 31 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-14 Joy Anna Duggar Featured In Family Instagram With Baby After Birthday, Jim Bob And Michelle Want Daughter Courting And Engaged? Entertainment 2016-11-14 ‘People’s’ Sexiest Man Alive 2016: Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson Entertainment 2016-11-14 Was Bradley Cooper Really The Only White Guy At The White House BET Party? Dave Chappelle Gets Candid On ‘SNL’ Entertainment 2016-11-14 Jessa Duggar Pregnant, Hides Baby Bump On Seewald Family Blog And Instagram After Jinger Duggar’s Wedding News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-14 Fake Facebook Trump News Brings Teens $3,000 Per Day: Ford Shifts From Mexico To Ohio Under President Obama, Not Trump News 2016-11-14 ‘Young & Restless’ Pedophile Corey Sligh Arrested For Child Molestation After His Parents Turned Him In News 2016-11-14 Hillary Clinton: No Obama Pardon Issued, Clinton Didn’t Apply For One News 2016-11-14 Justin Ross Harris Found Guilty Of Murder In Son Cooper’s 2014 Hot Car Death [Video] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2016-11-14 The New Zealand Earthquake Was So Powerful It Literally Made The Sky Change Color [Video] Gaming 2016-11-14 ‘Pokemon GO’s’ Lapras Event Disturbingly Morbid, But Shows The Game’s Immense Power Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Halo’ 15th Anniversary To Be Celebrated Next Week, Developer 343 Industries Talks Event And Teases Future ‘Halo 5’ Plans Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Steep’ Beta Opens Up To Everyone November 18 Prior To December 2 Release Date BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Is Donald Trump A White Supremacist? Upcoming KKK Parade And Chief Strategist Steve Bannon Cause Concern [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 ‘Pawn Stars’ Update: Chumlee As Kylo Ren And Donald Trump Jr. And Other Stars Visit Shop While Filming Season 13 Continues BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Hatchimals Are Must-Have Toys This Holiday Season: How Can You Get Your Hands On One? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Black Friday 2016 Deals: Ads From Walmart, Best Buy, And Target Should Be Released By Friday Shopping 31 0 0 November 8, 2016 Black Friday 2016 Deals: Ads From Walmart, Best Buy, And Target Should Be Released By Friday Phillip Dengler 11/9 Update – Target’s Black Friday 2016 ad has been released. 11/10 Update – Walmart’s Black Friday 2016 ad has been released. 11/10 Update – Best Buy’s Black Friday 2016 ad has been released. Black Friday 2016, which will take place on November 25, is now only 17 days away. While Black Friday is still the most famous day of the year to complete your holiday shopping, many of the sale events will actually begin on Thanksgiving, with others stating as early as Wednesday of that week. Ads have already leaked from a variety of major retailers, including Kohl’s, JCPenney, Costco, Sam’s Club, BJ’s Wholesale Club, Dell, and Bed Bath & Beyond. Even though those are important stores, shoppers are anxiously awaiting the ad releases for Walmart, Best Buy, and Target. Today’s election means none of those ads will be released today, but the good news is they all should be out by Friday. You can see a full selection of the latest 2016 Black Friday ads at BestBlackFriday.com, and Walmart, Best Buy, and Target should be added to the list within the next few days. Disclaimer: The author, Phillip Dengler, is the owner of BestBlackFriday.com, which is referenced in this article. The Inquisitr holds no ownership. Walmart’s Black Friday 2016 Ad Projected Release Date In order to give you an idea of what Walmart’s ad will look like, you can find a screenshot of the first page of their ad from last year below. [Image via Walmart] Walmart’s ad was released on November 11 last year in the middle of the night. A mistake by Walmart actually caused it to be posted on their Twitter account earlier in the evening, but they officially released it on their app a few hours later. Since they usually wait until Best Buy and Target release their ads, Walmart is most likely targeting Thursday, November 10, or Friday, November 11, for their release date. Unless the ad is somehow leaked early, the best place to see it early is by downloading the official Walmart mobile app, via the Walmart website. Their sale is probably going to begin at 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving again this year, with online sales potentially starting as early as the Wednesday before Turkey Day. Walmart is also probably going to bring back their “1-hour guarantee” for select doorbusters. This means that a select few in-store-only doorbusters will have their prices guaranteed from 6 p.m. to 7 p.m. on Thanksgiving. If they sell out before the first hour is complete, you will be able to purchase the item in question at a later date for the Black Friday doorbuster price. Walmart is expected to have an abundance of online doorbusters this year, but their free shipping minimum is not exactly a desirable amount. As CNBC reports, you will have to spend at least $50 in order to receive free shipping. Target and Best Buy are both offering free shipping with no minimum order size this holiday season, so it is something to keep in mind when shopping online on Black Friday this year. If you cannot wait until Thanksgiving and Black Friday, Walmart is currently offering a selection of early bird online specials on their website. While some of the offers may be enticing, you are much better off waiting two weeks. Best Buy’s Black Friday 2016 Ad Projected Release Date In order to give you an idea of what Best Buy’s ad will look like, you can find a screenshot of the first page of their ad from last year below. [Image via Best Buy] Best Buy’s ad was released on November 10 last year in the very early morning hours. While it has been leaked by third-party websites in the past, Best Buy has posted it on their website in recent years. It is usually only a preview copy of their ad, as the full print copy is not released until a week or so before Black Friday. Regardless, it will contain the majority of the deals. Based on previous years, Best Buy’s ad should be out on Wednesday, November 9, or Thursday, November 10. Rarely has it come after Walmart’s ad, and it usually comes out right after Target releases their ad. While nothing has been confirmed, there have been rumors stating that Best Buy will open at 5 p.m. on Thanksgiving. That is the same time they opened last year, so it would not be out of the question. As they did last year, they will most likely offer an assortment of doorbusters on their website. Stores have been moving away from in-store-only sales, and Best Buy has been a willing participant. Additionally, Best Buy should also have a selection of online exclusives, which makes their sale even more intriguing for many shoppers. And finally, Best Buy is offering free shipping with no minimum order size for the duration of the holiday season, as reported by Time Magazine. Target’s Black Friday 2016 Ad Projected Release Date In order to give you an idea of what Target’s ad will look like, you can find a screenshot of the first page of their ad from last year below. [Image via Target] Target’s ad was released on November 8 last year. Rarely does the Target ad leak by a third-party website, as they will post it themselves on their website. In recent years, they have also started an early Black Friday sale on the day they release their ad scan. It usually only contains around 20 to 30 items, but it gives shoppers a taste of what they can expect on Black Friday. Target’s ad should be out on Wednesday, November 9, or Thursday, November 10. It usually comes out before Best Buy and Walmart, so expect this one first. As Reuters first reported, Target will offer free shipping on all orders this holiday season. This matches Best Buy and is better than Kohl’s free shipping minimum of $75, Amazon’s free shipping minimum of $49, and Walmart’s free shipping minimum of $50. If you are behind on your Black Friday coverage this year, take a look at a few posts by the Inquisitr in order to get up to speed. Black Friday Ads Posted from Staples, Bed Bath & Beyond, and Michaels The Best Xbox One S and PS4 Slim Deals So Far JCPenney and Kohl’s Black Friday Ads Released [Featured Image by Joshua Lott/Getty Images] Now Read This: Black Friday 2016 Walmart, Amazon Sales Deals Include Laptops, Xbox One, HDTVs With Price Match Guarantee Share 31 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Phillip Dengler Tags: black friday 2016, Black Friday Ads, black friday deals Comments LATEST HEADLINES Fake Facebook Trump News Brings Teens $3,000 Per Day: Ford Shifts From Mexico To Ohio Under President Obama, Not Trump Is Donald Trump A White Supremacist? Upcoming KKK Parade And Chief Strategist Steve Bannon Cause Concern [Video] Week 6 Thursday Night Football Preview: Saints At Panthers — Injury Updates, Fantasy Football Projections, Vegas Odds Samsung Makes Its Biggest Deal Ever: Buys Harman Audio In $8 Billion All-Cash Deal To Speed Ahead In Smart Car Technologies ‘Young & Restless’ Pedophile Corey Sligh Arrested For Child Molestation After His Parents Turned Him In NBA Trade Rumors: Enes Kanter To Raptors, Terrence Ross, And Patrick Patterson To Thunder Wayne Newton Vegas Neighborhood Under Attack By Peacocks Hot Car Death: Dad Guilty Verdict Thanks Mostly To Cheating Escapades Hillary Clinton: No Obama Pardon Issued, Clinton Didn’t Apply For One WWE News: Former Commentator Joey Styles Gets Fired From Multiple Promotions Over Offensive Comments At Evolve Event Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 51.3k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 27.5k 0 0 Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 226.3k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 22.5k 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 78.4k 0 0 Forget Mars, Trump Wants NASA To Visit Jupiter’s Moon Europa And Explore The Solar System 11.3k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 9.9k 0 0 Recent Headlines Week 6 Thursday Night Football Preview: Saints At Panthers — Injury Updates, Fantasy Football Projections, Vegas Odds 0 0 0 Samsung Makes Its Biggest Deal Ever: Buys Harman Audio In $8 Billion All-Cash Deal To Speed Ahead In Smart Car Technologies 0 0 0 ‘Young & Restless’ Pedophile Corey Sligh Arrested For Child Molestation After His Parents Turned Him In 0 0 0 NBA Trade Rumors: Enes Kanter To Raptors, Terrence Ross, And Patrick Patterson To Thunder 10 0 0 Wayne Newton Vegas Neighborhood Under Attack By Peacocks 1 0 0 Hot Car Death: Dad Guilty Verdict Thanks Mostly To Cheating Escapades 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
Talk Business & Politics you're viewing Statewide change region Central Arkansas Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith area Save Statewide Name Menu Microsites Finance Energy Startup Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Close Business Politics Video / Podcasts Advertise Contact Us Community Member stories Create an account Submit a blog post Close Wal-Mart CEO makes hard sell on environmental ‘transparency and sustainability’ to Millennials by Kim Souza. Published Nov 8th, 2016 4:40 pm ksouza@talkbusiness.net / @tbarkansas Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon recently laid out his vision to Millennials for the retailer’s effort to create a “new era of trust and transparency” for customers. McMillon spoke to 2,500 Millennials at the Net Impact Conference in Philadelphia on Friday (Nov. 4). In a 37-minute speech McMillon shared new environmental sustainability commitments in the retailer’s expanded agenda which began more than 10 years ago on the heels of Hurricane Katrina. He said Wal-Mart’s mission to be a more sustainable company is part of every aspect of the business and tied to the retailer’s mission of saving money so people can live better. The three main aspirational goals Wal-Mart set for itself in 2005 have not changed, and McMillon did provide an update on the progress since 2005. • Create zero waste in operation 75% of waste was being diverted from landfills last year in key markets. • Pledge to be operate with 100% renewable energy It’s now 25% of operations. • Pledge to sell products that sustain resources and environment 35 million metric tons of greenhouse gases have been removed from the supply chain. BENCHMARK GOALS EXPANDED McMillon said the progress is notable, but he extended the commitment. He said by 2025, Wal-Mart aims to achieve zero waste in the United States, United Kingdom, Japan and Canada. Across the supply chain the retailer will work with suppliers on packaging and product design. Downstream, McMillon said the retailer also will work on “recycling concerns pursuing a more circular economy.” “As it relates to energy, by 2025 we are going to achieve 50% of operations (powered by renewable sources),” he said. McMillon also unveiled a new initiative to become the first retailer with approved science-based targets designed to achieve emissions reduction in its operations and the supply chain. That plan calls for Wal-Mart to reduce its own emissions by 18% no later than 2025. McMillon said Wal-Mart will work with its suppliers to reduce emissions by 1 Gigaton by 2030, equivalent to taking more than 211 million passenger vehicles off of U.S. roads and highways for a year. An area McMillon said is exciting is finding ways to bring more sustainable products to customers at entry level prices that “even a student working their MBA can afford,” he said. McMillon displayed a cotton t-shirt that will sell for $3.88 beginning in February. He said this relates to new transparency and quality rules the retailer has set for itself for low costs. “Our apparel team set out to create a more sustainable garment but to do it at an opening price point, the lowest price point we have in a category … and they engineered a shirt,” McMillon said. He said 30% of the water used to make it is recycled, half of the energy used is from renewable sources, and the cotton is traceable back to the Mississippi Delta. “If we can do things like this in opening prices points we can do it in lots of areas,” McMillon said. OTHER GOALS He said the retailer also plans to achieve zero net deforestation by 2020 in key commodity areas like private label pulp and palm oil and also work on Brazilian soy and beef. “We need our forests and I don’t have to make that case with you,” McMillon told the Millennial audience. He also said Wal-Mart aims to become the world’s most affordable retailer of safe and healthier foods by 2025. Walmart U.S. will double the amount of sales of locally grown produce by 2025, and will reduce food additives and artificial colors and preservatives in its private label offerings. McMillon said its private label suppliers of pasta sauces, soups and salad dressing will be the first place Wal-Mart will begin in removing food additives. Wal-Mart will also reduce sodium and added sugars and fats in private labels foods and work with branded product suppliers to do the same. “Our private brand items in foods, consumable and health and wellness will have 100% recyclable packaging by 2025. We will start with our U.S. private brands,” McMillon said. McMillon said customers want to know more about the products they are buying and it’s Wal-Mart’s job to make that happen. He said as the e-commerce business continues to grow he has often wondered about the sustainability of sending boxes of just one item ordered online. He lauded Jet.com’s transparency pricing approach as online shoppers fill their carts and select the shipping option they want. “The transparent pricing approach combined with the outcome of a basket-driven business rather than an each-business is more sustainable. The more you buy, the less we charge, saving you money by shipping more than one item at a time. As we grow e-commerce we want to do the very best job we can not only in packaging and shipping, but the way we interact with customers to drive sustainability,” McMillon said. “We want to make e-commerce more sustainable as we scale it.” CRITICS WANT MORE Not everyone is impressed with Wal-Mart’s sustainability program. A 120-page report released in June 2015 by the Food Chain Workers Alliance looked at a number of specific foods suppliers to Wal-Mart and their unsustainable practices. Bananas, the top selling item at Walmart U.S. stores. was on the list. (Link here for a PDF of the report.) The “Walmart at the Crossroads” report said the the retail giant’s sustainability efforts were more akin to a public relations play than a program to improve food supply chain conditions. While the Report did applaud the more recent efforts Wal-Mart has made to raise employee wages, it also said demanding rock-bottom pricing from suppliers pushes pressure down the supply chain to manufacturing workers and farmers. The report said top banana suppliers have had a checkered past in terms of labor and environmental issues. Chiquita and Dole were linked to a military coup in Honduras in 2009 and Chiquita pled guilty to doing business with a Colombian terrorist organization. The report notes: “Walmart must insist that Chiquita meet its code of conduct and engage in fair treatment of its workers and not interfere in local political arenas.” Wal-Mart responded to the critics’ claims with this following statement to Talk Business & Politics: “We care about the men and women in our supply chain, and Walmart’s Standards for Suppliers lists our social and environmental expectations for our suppliers, specifically addressing working conditions, voluntary labor, pay, the cultivation of a safe and healthy work environment, and freedom of association. Expecting our suppliers to uphold these Standards and local laws is one way we can be a more responsible company and make a positive difference for the global supply chain.” Author Bio: See latest posts Comments 17shares Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Opinion Ruth Whitney Volunteering should be part of the business plan Michael Tilley Riff Raff: A Veterans Day remembrance Justin Allen Marijuana and the constitutionality of ‘Shall means shall’ Randy Zook Issue 3 will mean jobs for Arkansas Michael Tilley Riff Raff: 3 concerns with Issue 3 Special Sections Home Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Magazine Opinion © 2015 Talk Business & Politics. All Rights Reserved
null
Share 7 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-14 Joy Anna Duggar Featured In Family Instagram With Baby After Birthday, Jim Bob And Michelle Want Daughter Courting And Engaged? Entertainment 2016-11-14 ‘People’s’ Sexiest Man Alive 2016: Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson Entertainment 2016-11-14 Was Bradley Cooper Really The Only White Guy At The White House BET Party? Dave Chappelle Gets Candid On ‘SNL’ Entertainment 2016-11-14 Jessa Duggar Pregnant, Hides Baby Bump On Seewald Family Blog And Instagram After Jinger Duggar’s Wedding News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-14 Hillary Clinton: No Obama Pardon Issued, Clinton Didn’t Apply For One News 2016-11-14 Justin Ross Harris Found Guilty Of Murder In Son Cooper’s 2014 Hot Car Death [Video] News 2016-11-14 ‘Public Health Crisis’ Following Trump Election: 250 Percent Spike In Calls To Suicide Hotlines, Students Crippled With Depression Opinion 2016-11-14 Bernie Voters Know Trump May Actually Do More To Put Progressives In Power Than Clinton Could Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2016-11-14 The New Zealand Earthquake Was So Powerful It Literally Made The Sky Change Color [Video] Gaming 2016-11-14 ‘Pokemon GO’s’ Lapras Event Disturbingly Morbid, But Shows The Game’s Immense Power Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Halo’ 15th Anniversary To Be Celebrated Next Week, Developer 343 Industries Talks Event And Teases Future ‘Halo 5’ Plans Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Steep’ Beta Opens Up To Everyone November 18 Prior To December 2 Release Date BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 ‘Pawn Stars’ Update: Chumlee As Kylo Ren And Donald Trump Jr. And Other Stars Visit Shop While Filming Season 13 Continues BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Hatchimals Are Must-Have Toys This Holiday Season: How Can You Get Your Hands On One? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 New School Dormitory Doors Vandalized With Drawings Of Swastikas SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Black Friday 2016 Deals On HDTVs And Smart TVs: Walmart, Target, Best Buy, Dell, And More Offer Great Savings Shopping 7 0 0 November 7, 2016 Black Friday 2016 Deals On HDTVs And Smart TVs: Walmart, Target, Best Buy, Dell, And More Offer Great Savings Heather Tooley Black Friday 2016 deals on HDTVs and Smart TVs are leaking from major retailers like Walmart, Target, and more. They are among the most highly-anticipated items of the year for bargain hunters to score. Whether consumers want to purchase holiday gifts or get a great buy for home entertainment, Black Friday deals this year on televisions are worth checking out. Blasting News reports that Target and Walmart are offering some deep discounts on HDTVs and Smart TVs for Black Friday 2016. In fact, the two stores are boasting big savings with deals that can be taken advantage of now. For instance, Walmart already has its pre-Black Friday sales or “early bird” specials underway with the following TVs: 50-inch HDTV from Proscan for just $279.99; 40-inch HDTV from Proscan offered at $189; 43-inch Vizio D-series HDTV priced at $228.00; and a 32-inch Roku HDTV is available for only $125 for the entire month of November and December. Walmart Black Friday Deals Kick Off Early With $125 Roku 32-Inch LED Smart HDTV Sale – Tech Times https://t.co/L4q55eHkCL — HDTV Fansclub (@HDTVFansclub) October 29, 2016 If shoppers see a great deal at another store, Walmart is offering price matching in 2016. Don’t forget the added perks to indulging in Black Friday deals on HDTVs and other amazing buys throughout the store. Walmart is offering layaway on items with just 10 percent down. Target will offer a coupon for $10 off $50 that you spend on a product each week. Every week they will offer a different product from a different category that will be eligible for that coupon. It’s unknown if HDTVs will be one of those offered. According to I4U, Best Buy nearly ties Walmart’s deal on the 32-inch TCL Smart TV for $125 offered today with its sale on the 32-inch Insignia Roku Smart TV for 129.99. One of the great benefits of Best Buy’s Smart TV deal is that the item is shipped from the online store, whereas Walmart’s Smart TV Black Friday deal is available strictly in stores and isn’t easy to find. Best Buy’s other HDTV and Smart TV deals for Black Friday in its online store now feature the $449.99 55-inch Toshiba 55L621U 4K Ultra HD Smart TV for $449.99 and a 43-inch Toshiba 43L621U 4K Ultra HD Smart TV for $299.99. Sam’s Club will begin offering its Black Friday 2016 deals on HDTVs and Smart TVs on November 12. These sales will not return on November 25. Among some of the items listed at discounted prices are the 32-inch Vizio D32HNX-E1 HDTV for $124.88; 55-inch JVC LT55UE76 4K TV at $299; 60-inch Samsung UN60KU6270FXZA 4K UHD with Samsung Soundbar for $698; 70-inch LG 70UH6350 4K UHD Smart TV at $998; and the 78-Inch Samsung UN78JS9100 Curved 4K Smart TV $3,498. Dell may be one of the reigning computer stores out there, but it ranks up there with some of the best Black Friday TV deals every holiday season. Some of the HDTV and Smart TVs in 2016 for Dell include the 43″ LG 43UH6030 4K 120Hz LED HDTV for $299.99, and comes with a $30 Gift Card; Samsung UN55KU6300F 4K 60Hz LED Smart HDTV for $599.99 with $150 Gift Card; 55″ LG OLED55B6P OLED 4K 120Hz Smart HDTV with Blu-ray Player for $1,999.99 and $150 Card; and a 32″ Vizio D32HNX-E1 720p 60Hz LED HDTV for $129.99. Kohl’s Black Friday Ad leaked: Xbox One/PS4 $250 + $75 Kohl’s Cash, more! https://t.co/AFX4MMBgml @trevorjd14 @bfads — Brent Shelton (@BrentSheltonNow) November 3, 2016 Kohl’s Black Friday 2016 deals on HDTVs and Smart TVs advertise a 49-inch Haier 4K UHD TV at $249.99 as a doorbuster with $75 Kohl’s Cash that can be used a week later at Kohl’s stores and online. The early Black Friday sales include a 32-inch TCL Roku Smart TV at $125 and a 55-inch LG OLED 4K TV at $999.99. Much more is expected to come out before Black Friday arrives. Amazon is now offering a 55-inch TCL 4K Smart TV for $499.99. More ads will be released on HDTVs and Smart TVs as Black Friday 2016 approaches. Check online for additional sales rolling out from each of the retail chains for the best deals. [Featured Image by Sandy Huffaker/Getty Images] Now Read This: Black Friday 2016 Walmart, Amazon Sales Deals Include Laptops, Xbox One, HDTVs With Price Match Guarantee Share 7 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Heather Tooley Tags: black friday 2016 hdtvs, black friday tvs, Target Black Friday, walmart black friday Comments LATEST HEADLINES NBA Trade Rumors: Enes Kanter To Raptors, Terrence Ross And Patrick Patterson To Thunder Wayne Newton Vegas Neighborhood Under Attack By Peacocks Hot Car Death: Dad Guilty Verdict Thanks Mostly To Cheating Escapades Hillary Clinton: No Obama Pardon Issued, Clinton Didn’t Apply For One WWE News: Former Commentator Joey Styles Gets Fired From Multiple Promotions Over Offensive Comments At Evolve Event Lauren Jauregui ‘Lesbian’ Photo Leaks: Fans Blast Perez Hilton, Support Fifth Harmony Member Final Vote Count 2016: Donald Trump’s Popular Vote And Electoral College Votes Wins Election Over Hillary Clinton Claims Twitter Rumor Will One Direction’s Harry Styles Choose Kendall Jenner Or Suki Waterhouse: The Three Romances of A 1D Superstar Justin Ross Harris Found Guilty Of Murder In Son Cooper’s 2014 Hot Car Death [Video] ‘Public Health Crisis’ Following Trump Election: 250 Percent Spike In Calls To Suicide Hotlines, Students Crippled With Depression Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 51k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 27.3k 0 0 Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 226.3k 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 78.3k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 22.4k 0 0 Forget Mars, Trump Wants NASA To Visit Jupiter’s Moon Europa And Explore The Solar System 11k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 9.8k 0 0 Recent Headlines Hot Car Death: Dad Guilty Verdict Thanks Mostly To Cheating Escapades 0 0 0 Hillary Clinton: No Obama Pardon Issued, Clinton Didn’t Apply For One 0 0 0 WWE News: Former Commentator Joey Styles Gets Fired From Multiple Promotions Over Offensive Comments At Evolve Event 2 0 0 Lauren Jauregui ‘Lesbian’ Photo Leaks: Fans Blast Perez Hilton, Support Fifth Harmony Member 1 0 0 Final Vote Count 2016: Donald Trump’s Popular Vote And Electoral College Votes Wins Election Over Hillary Clinton Claims Twitter Rumor 1 0 0 Will One Direction’s Harry Styles Choose Kendall Jenner Or Suki Waterhouse: The Three Romances of A 1D Superstar 15 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wal-Mart sued over sale of fake 'Egyptian cotton' linen By Reuters Published: 16:45 EST, 8 November 2016 | Updated: 16:45 EST, 8 November 2016 e-mail By Jonathan Stempel Nov 8 (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc was sued on Tuesday on behalf of consumers who said the world's largest retailer sold products falsely labeled "100 % Egyptian Cotton" from an Indian textile company for many years after it first became suspicious of their origin. According to the complaint, Wal-Mart questioned the fiber content of Welspun India Ltd's products as early as 2008, but waited until two months ago to halt sales of its mislabeled Egyptian cotton bed linens, following a similar halt by Target Corp. The plaintiff, Dorothy Monahan of Michigan, said she overpaid at a Wal-Mart for Better Homes and Gardens bed linens made by Welspun that she thought were made of Egyptian cotton, and therefore higher quality than cheaper bed linens. She accused Wal-Mart of violating U.S. laws governing textile fiber labeling and advertising, and is seeking damages for everyone who has bought bed linens at Wal-Mart made by Welspun and labeled "100% Egyptian Cotton." "We plan to vigorously defend the company," a Wal-Mart spokesman said. He said the retailer removed such products after conducting a comprehensive review nearly two months ago and since then has offered customers a full refund. A lawyer for Monahan did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Monahan is represented by the law firm Hagens Berman Sobol Shapiro, whose specialties include product liability. Her complaint was filed with the U.S. District Court in Manhattan. Egyptian cotton typically commands premiums from shoppers because its long cotton fibers contribute to a finer, lighter, softer and more durable fabric. Although the United States and Australia produce more high-end cotton, the Egyptian product has retained its prestige because of the northeast African country's long history of growing it. Wal-Mart has also sold Welspun bed linen under the "Canopy" name, and in September called "unacceptable" the Indian company's inability to assure that its products were 100 percent Egyptian cotton. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer nonetheless decided to work with Welspun to improve quality control and labeling, rather than cut ties. Other U.S. retailers, including Bed Bath & Beyond Inc and J.C. Penney Co, also began reviewing their ties to Welspun after Target's announcement. The case is Monahan v Wal-Mart Stores Inc, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 16-08662. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in Washington, D.C.,; Editing by Andrew Hay and Dan Grebler) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun Meghan Markle's words to her TV lover may not be well Suited to real life relationships if her potential father-in-law is anything to go by, says EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE  'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Celebrity cover up! From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Walmart Sued For Selling Mislabeled Welspun Egyptian Cotton Sheets Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Walmart Sued For Selling Mislabeled Welspun Egyptian Cotton Sheets Image courtesy of Patrick November 8, 2016 4:26 pm EST By Ashlee Kieler@akieler a welspun walmart lawsuit welspun walmart lawsuit retail egyptian cotton marketing labels facing a lawsuit claims Two months after textile manufacturer Welspun was sued for allegedly fraudulently labeling its bedding as premium Egyptian cotton, Walmart — which sold and then pulled the products — is facing a lawsuit of its own. Reuters reports that a Michigan woman filed the lawsuit — on behalf of consumers who purchased the products from the big box store — claiming that Walmart continued to sell the falsely labeled Welspun-manufactured linens for several years after questions began to surface about the sheets’ origins. According to the lawsuit, Walmart first raised questions about Welspun’s “100% Egyptian Cotton” claims back in 2008, but continued to sell the products until two months ago. At that time, the company removed the products — sold under the company’s house brands Better Homes & Gardens and Canopy — from its shelves and began to offer customers refunds. “Our customers trust us to provide products that are what they say they are on the label,” a Walmart spokeswoman said at the time. “Welspun has not been able to assure us the products are 100 percent Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable. While the sheets are excellent quality, we are offering our customers a full refund.” The Michigan woman claims that she overpaid for Better Homes and Gardens bed linens made by Welspun, as she was led to believe they were made of Egyptian cotton and were of higher quality than other, lower-priced sheets. Shoppers pay premium prices for long-fiber cotton types like Pima or Egyptian. The lawsuit accuses Walmart of violating federal laws related to fiber labeling and advertising. The suit seeks damages for anyone who has bought Welspun-made linens labeled as 100% Egyptian cotton. Wal-Mart sued over sale of fake ‘Egyptian cotton’ linen [Reuters] November 8, 2016 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler a welspun walmart lawsuit welspun walmart lawsuit retail egyptian cotton marketing labels facing a lawsuit claims Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related Taking a closer look Now Walmart’s Investigating The Sheet Manufacturer That Target Ditched not egyptian Walmart Pulls Welspun Not-Egyptian Cotton Sheets From Stores, Offers Refunds bad bedding Consumers Suing Welspun Over Egyptian Cotton Bedding Made With Inferior Materials what's in a name? If You Bought Egyptian Cotton Sheets From Target, You Might Be Getting A Refund the tale of two lawsuits Visa Sues Walmart In Response To Lawsuit Over Security Of Debit Card Authorizations Previous Walgreens Files Suit Against Former Partner Theranos Next Many Time Warner Cable TV Customers Not Sticking Around With Charter Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Many Time Warner Cable TV Customers Not Sticking Around With Charter Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
    Home | About | Archives | Sponsorship | Contact Us | Submit / Suggest            Walmart Offers New Vision For The Company's Role In Society by Walmart Posted: Tuesday, November 8, 2016 at 3:49PM EST PHILADELPHIA-- Walmart president and CEO Doug McMillon outlined a roadmap that will guide the company’s role in society on critical issues over the next several years, pointing to a “new era of trust and transparency.” The roadmap adds fresh detail to Walmart’s sustainability agenda and contains new commitments that reflect a wider recognition of the company’s impact on communities and the planet. Among other things, Walmart is doubling sales of locally grown produce in the U.S.; expanding and enhancing sustainable sourcing to cover 20 key commodities, including bananas, coffee and tea; and implementing a new plan designed to achieve science-based targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Walmart is the first retailer with an emissions-reduction plan approved by the Science Based Targets Initiative, in alignment with the Paris Climate Agreement in December 2015. Under the approved plan, Walmart will use a combination of energy-efficiency measures, together with a commitment to source half of the company’s energy needs from renewable sources, to achieve an 18 percent emissions reduction in its own operations by 2025. Additionally, Walmart will work with suppliers to reduce emissions by 1 Gigaton by 2030, equivalent to taking more than 211 million passenger vehicles off of U.S. roads and highways for a year. In his remarks, McMillon will also discuss company programs that will train hundreds of thousands of U.S. associates by the end of next year, providing them with skills needed to move from entry-level positions to jobs with more responsibility and higher pay, along with a new pledge to take a leadership role in promoting ethical recruitment and treatment of workers in the global retail supply chain. Taken together, the initiatives are designed to make good on the company’s desire to become the most trusted retailer, not just by delivering affordable goods and a time-saving shopping experience, but with trust-building transparency and actions. “We want to make sure Walmart is a company that our associates and customers are proud of - and that we are always doing right by them and by the communities they live in,” McMillon said. “That’s really what these commitments are about. And that’s why we’re so passionate about them.” The roadmap builds upon the three environmental sustainability goals Walmart set in 2005: to create zero waste in company operations, to operate with 100 percent renewable energy, and to sell products that sustain natural resources and the environment. Those aspirational goals have guided how Walmart engages on those vital issues and progress has been made toward them. The new roadmap builds on progress to date, but also broadens the company’s vision of its role in society. The commitments shared today include: Power half of the company’s energy from renewable sources under a plan designed to achieve science-based emissions targets: Walmart is one of the largest private-sector investors in renewable energy, including solar and wind power. In 2015, 25 percent of Walmart’s operations were powered by renewable energy, a significant step towards the 2005 goal. Going forward, the company will source half of its energy needs from renewable sources by 2025, as part of a plan designed to achieve science-based targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Walmart is the first retailer with an emissions-reduction plan approved by the Science Based Targets Initiative, in alignment with the Paris Climate Agreement. Under the recently approved plan, Walmart will use a combination of energy-efficiency measures, together with expanded use of renewable energy, to reduce emissions in its own operations by 18 percent by 2025. Additionally, Walmart will work with suppliers to reduce emissions by 1 Gigaton by 2030, equivalent to taking more than 211 million passenger vehicles off of U.S. roads and highways for a year. Achieve zero waste to landfill in key markets by 2025: Progress so far has been significant on the original goal. In 2015, 75 percent of Walmart’s global waste was diverted from landfills, helping to reduce costs to the business, customers and society. Under the roadmap, the company will achieve zero waste to landfill from our own operations in key markets, including the U.S., U.K., Japan, and Canada by 2025. The commitment is designed to meet or exceed EPA zero waste guidelines. Walmart will also continue working to reduce landfill waste in all markets, moving as fast as infrastructure and best practices allow. Sell more sustainably produced products while maintaining the low prices customers expect: Packaging: Walmart pledges to work with suppliers to reduce product and packaging waste and preserve natural resources. Our goal by 2025 is for Walmart’s private brand packaging to be 100 percent recyclable. Affordable, safe and healthier: Walmart will double the sales of locally grown produce in the U.S. by 2025 and work with suppliers and its own private brand products to remove certified synthetic colors and artificial flavors in products where customers don’t expect to find them, as well as reduce sodium, added sugars and saturated fat where possible. Additionally, Walmart will expand and enhance sustainable sourcing to cover 20 key commodities, including bananas, grapes, coffee, and tea. Natural resources: Walmart is expanding sourcing of commodities produced with zero net deforestation. In partnership with governments, NGOs and industry groups, Walmart has previously been working to source private-brand palm oil and beef from Brazil’s Amazon with zero net deforestation. Under the roadmap, Walmart will expand its work into additional critical commodities, including all Brazilian soy and private-brand pulp and paper. McMillon will also discuss the company’s $2.7 billion investment over the past two years in education, wages and training for associates in the U.S. and called for a broader industry push to ensure retailers are seen as employers of choice. “Today we are asking other retailers to join us in helping people live better,” he said. “Let’s use our collective power to create good jobs with good training that become good careers for all our associates.” Walmart will work to achieve the following: Support the human dignity of workers in the retail supply chain: Walmart is joining the Leadership Group for Responsible Recruitment, a collaboration of businesses and NGO partners working to ensure ethical recruitment and treatment of workers globally. This is on top of Walmart’s work underway in four areas that present risk to the dignity and safety of workers: seafood; apparel; produce; and electronics. Be the place to go for an individual’s first job: Walmart will further its efforts to afford a good experience for the thousands of people who come to the retailer for their first job. Associates will be provided with workplace mobility - a good start, new skills and a clear path to grow and succeed - whether or not they remain with the company. To further these efforts, Walmart has recently signed on to the White House First Jobs Compact, a nationwide effort to help connect out-of-school, out-of-work youth to their first jobs. Provide a clear path for career advancement: By 2025, Walmart U.S. will put millions of associates through focused training programs to equip them with skills to improve career growth, from entry level positions to jobs with more responsibility and higher pay. The retailer’s Pathways program provides training in core skills for entry-level associates and rewards them with a pay increase upon completion. The Academy training program - for supervisory associates - is expected to graduate 250,000 people alone by the end of 2017. As part of this commitment, Walmart strives to be a destination employer for young people and returning service members. Predictability, stability and pay: Walmart is committed to improving predictability in the lives of its associates by providing work schedules more than two weeks in advance in the U.S.; as well as implementing a strong leave policy that empowers associates to decide how to use their paid time off based on individual needs. Walmart also believes in equal pay for equal work. Associates with the same qualifications, performing the same jobs and making the same effort to achieve the same results, should receive the same pay. Improve the lives of people in communities: Walmart will source more products locally around the world, including $250 billion in products supporting American jobs by 2023 and $20 billion in products from women-owned businesses in the U.S. by the end of this year. The retailer also committed to donating 4 billion meals to fight hunger by 2020 and, over five years, to contributing $25 million towards disaster relief and resiliency around the world. About Walmart Walmart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better - anytime and anywhere - in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, nearly 260 million customers and members visit our 11,539 stores under 63 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2016 revenue of $482 billion, Walmart employs more than 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visitinghttp://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. Online merchandise sales are available athttp://www.walmart.com and http://www.samsclub.com. Source: Walmart Print Article Send Article Respond Permalink Share Article   del.icio.us   Facebook   Newsvine   LinkedIn   Reddit   StumbleUpon   Twitter Bakery  Dairy  Deli  Floral   Meat & Poultry  Produce  Seafood  Retail & Foodsvc             Got News? Send your latest press releases and announcements to RetailPR@PerishableNews.com © 2016 Phoenix Media Network Inc., All Rights Reserved
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Ainsworth Pet Nutrition Donates to Shelter Impacted by Hurricane Matthew News provided by Ainsworth Pet Nutrition Nov 08, 2016, 14:15 ET Share this article PITTSBURGH, Nov. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Ainsworth Pet Nutrition, a manufacturer of Pure Balance® – Walmart's private brand of super premium pet food - announced today that it will donate more than 260,000 meals of Pure Balance dog food to Saving Animals from Euthanasia (S.A.F.E.) Pet Rescue of St. Augustine, Florida, which was impacted by Hurricane Matthew. S.A.F.E. Pet Rescue is comprised of three adoption centers, two in St. Augustine, and one in Hollister, Florida, located roughly 60 miles southwest St. Augustine.  As Hurricane Matthew approached the Florida coast, S.A.F.E. was forced to evacuate more than 150 dogs and cats to their Hollister location, which was already housing approximately 75 animals.  Despite a lack of electricity and air conditioning and a tense and crowded environment, the organization was able to keep all of their animals safe and dry during the storm, however, the financial impact will be felt for some time. "During times of emergency, keeping our animals safe is always our top priority, however this commitment doesn't come without cost," said Robin Kantner Nordan, Founder, S.A.F.E. Pet Rescue.  "The cost of transport, emergency and veterinary fees and 24-hour staffing during the storm were significant.  This generous donation from Ainsworth Pet Nutrition will ease the financial burden of feeding the 195 dogs in our care for quite some time.  We are very grateful." "At Ainsworth Pet Nutrition, our commitment to helping animals in need goes beyond doing what's right, it is engrained in who we are as an organization," said Steve Joyce, Vice President of Marketing for Ainsworth Pet Nutrition.  "When we heard about S.A.F.E. Pet Rescue and what they had been through during Hurricane Matthew, we knew we needed to do something to help.  We are so happy that this donation will be beneficial to the shelter and the animals in their care." Pure Balance super-premium food for dogs and cats is available exclusively at Walmart.  Each recipe is designed without any corn, wheat or soy and is prepared with carefully selected ingredients like real chicken, carrots, peas, and flaxseed.  Made with natural ingredients with added vitamins and minerals, Pure Balance makes premium pet nutrition available to Walmart shoppers without a special trip to the pet store. The donation will be delivered to the S.A.F.E. Pet Rescue within the next week.  ABOUT AINSWORTH PET NUTRITION Founded in 1933, Ainsworth Pet Nutrition is a fifth generation, primarily family-owned and operated company headquartered in Western Pennsylvania and focused entirely on pets.  With a goal of changing the way consumers shop for Super Premium pet food, Ainsworth's mantra is "Pet Store Quality.  Supermarket Easy." They achieve this promise by providing consumers with the high-quality pet food where they currently shop for the rest of their families.  The company makes multiple brands and types of dog and cat food, including the Rachael Ray™ Nutrish® line, as well as Super Premium retailer specific brands.  Ainsworth Pet Nutrition is committed to food safety and prepares all of its dry pet food in the United States using high-quality, natural ingredients with added vitamins and minerals.  To learn more, visit www.ainsworthpets.com. Contact: Samantha Bridger – 724-272-1757 Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161108/437164LOGO To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ainsworth-pet-nutrition-donates-to-shelter-impacted-by-hurricane-matthew-300359281.html SOURCE Ainsworth Pet Nutrition Related Links http://www.ainsworthpets.com Jul 22, 2016, 13:49 ET Preview: Rachael Ray™ Nutrish® Launches New Blog: "Fur the Love of Pets" My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jul 22, 2016, 13:49 ETRachael Ray™ Nutrish® Launches New Blog: "Fur the Love of Pets" Jun 23, 2016, 11:16 ETSigns Rachael Ray™ Nutrish® and BuzzFeed's Partnership is a... Explore More news releases in similar topics Retail Animals & Pets Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility You just read: Ainsworth Pet Nutrition Donates to Shelter Impacted by Hurricane Matthew News provided by Ainsworth Pet Nutrition Nov 08, 2016, 14:15 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 7:53 P.M. ET Tech CEO placed on leave for threatening to kill Trump: report 7:47 P.M. ET Giuliani Discusses How to Implement President Elect Trump’s Ideas 7:39 P.M. ET Trump reportedly seeking top-secret security clearance for his kids 7:34 P.M. ET Veteran Journalist Gwen Ifill Dead at 61 7:11 P.M. ET Trump-induced carnage in Treasurys spells trouble for stock market 6:59 P.M. ET The Problem With Gourmet Burgers? Delivery Challenges 6:48 P.M. ET Fed’s Lacker says rates may rise faster under Trump presidency 6:42 P.M. ET Bannon’s Critics: Alt-Right is Wrong for White House 6:41 P.M. ET President Obama Details Transition in Press Conference 6:39 P.M. ET FriendFinder breach may have exposed 412 million users’ data 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Ainsworth Pet Nutrition Donates to Shelter Impacted by Hurricane Matthew By Published: Nov 8, 2016 2:15 p.m. ET Share PITTSBURGH, Nov. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Ainsworth Pet Nutrition, a manufacturer of Pure Balance® – Walmart's private brand of super premium pet food - announced today that it will donate more than 260,000 meals of Pure Balance dog food to Saving Animals from Euthanasia (S.A.F.E.) Pet Rescue of St. Augustine, Florida, which was impacted by Hurricane Matthew. S.A.F.E. Pet Rescue is comprised of three adoption centers, two in St. Augustine, and one in Hollister, Florida, located roughly 60 miles southwest St. Augustine.  As Hurricane Matthew approached the Florida coast, S.A.F.E. was forced to evacuate more than 150 dogs and cats to their Hollister location, which was already housing approximately 75 animals.  Despite a lack of electricity and air conditioning and a tense and crowded environment, the organization was able to keep all of their animals safe and dry during the storm, however, the financial impact will be felt for some time. "During times of emergency, keeping our animals safe is always our top priority, however this commitment doesn't come without cost," said Robin Kantner Nordan, Founder, S.A.F.E. Pet Rescue.  "The cost of transport, emergency and veterinary fees and 24-hour staffing during the storm were significant.  This generous donation from Ainsworth Pet Nutrition will ease the financial burden of feeding the 195 dogs in our care for quite some time.  We are very grateful." "At Ainsworth Pet Nutrition, our commitment to helping animals in need goes beyond doing what's right, it is engrained in who we are as an organization," said Steve Joyce, Vice President of Marketing for Ainsworth Pet Nutrition.  "When we heard about S.A.F.E. Pet Rescue and what they had been through during Hurricane Matthew, we knew we needed to do something to help.  We are so happy that this donation will be beneficial to the shelter and the animals in their care." Pure Balance super-premium food for dogs and cats is available exclusively at Walmart.  Each recipe is designed without any corn, wheat or soy and is prepared with carefully selected ingredients like real chicken, carrots, peas, and flaxseed.  Made with natural ingredients with added vitamins and minerals, Pure Balance makes premium pet nutrition available to Walmart shoppers without a special trip to the pet store. The donation will be delivered to the S.A.F.E. Pet Rescue within the next week.  ABOUT AINSWORTH PET NUTRITION Founded in 1933, Ainsworth Pet Nutrition is a fifth generation, primarily family-owned and operated company headquartered in Western Pennsylvania and focused entirely on pets.  With a goal of changing the way consumers shop for Super Premium pet food, Ainsworth's mantra is "Pet Store Quality.  Supermarket Easy." They achieve this promise by providing consumers with the high-quality pet food where they currently shop for the rest of their families.  The company makes multiple brands and types of dog and cat food, including the Rachael Ray™ Nutrish® line, as well as Super Premium retailer specific brands.  Ainsworth Pet Nutrition is committed to food safety and prepares all of its dry pet food in the United States using high-quality, natural ingredients with added vitamins and minerals.  To learn more, visit www.ainsworthpets.com. Contact: Samantha Bridger – 724-272-1757 Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161108/437164LOGO To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ainsworth-pet-nutrition-donates-to-shelter-impacted-by-hurricane-matthew-300359281.html SOURCE Ainsworth Pet Nutrition Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
© 2016 North Jersey Media Group November 8, 2016 Last updated: Tuesday, November 8, 2016, 1:54 PM Ten residents seek seats during Garfield's first November election By Kristie Cattafi Staff Writer |  Community News (Garfield Edition) Garfield will be holding it first November council election after the governing body approved to change the date this year. Ten residents are competing for five, four-year seats on Nov. 8. Incumbents Gaetana (Tana) Raymond, Glenn Mati, Louis Aloia, Joseph Delaney III and Franic Calandriello are seeking re-election along with residents Erin Delaney, Richard Rigoglioso, Romi Herrera, Nikolce Milevski and Tony Lio. Louis Aloia Aloia has served as mayor of Garfield from 1996 to 2000 and as a councilman from 2000 to present. He is married to his wife, Rosemarie, with six children and six grandchildren. He is the owner and manager of Aloia Funeral Home. Aloia said in the last four years he is most proud of the city's redevelopment including the General Pulaski statue at the new Garfield River Drive Park, Garden State Signature Place, Walmart, Applebees, McDonalds, and Wawa. He said he is also proud of the council for saving and maintaining the Garfield VFW. He said the VFW exemplifies community spirit and service. If re-elected Aloia wants to see future development of the city especially with the new police department and safety of town. He said he also wants to establish more fire vehicles and create a better public safety net for the city. Future redevelopment projects he wants to focus on is getting the Monroe Street complex developed. He said developing the Monroe Street area will be key because it will increase value in the first ward. He said the next four years will be focusing on developing the first ward and "making it equally blessed" like the rest of the city. He is a founding member of the Garfield Redevelopment Authority, is a former president of Garfield UNICO, was the director of the Garfield Chamber of Commerce for 10 years, is a former member of the Garfield Planning Board, housing authority and library board and the recipient of the Garfield Mayor's Award for outstanding civic contributions. Frank Calandriello Calandriello is running with Glenn Mati and Louis Aloia under the slogan "Working for you 2016." He has served on the council for 20 years, including three consecutive terms as mayor. He is the president of Frankie's Express Moving and F&M Leasing, a 55-year family owned business. He was inducted into the New Jersey State League of Municipalities in 2011 in the Mayoral Hall of Fame. He is been trustee of the Garfield Boys & Girls Club for the last 25 years, a Garfield Jr. Boilermaker coach for the last 20 years, and a coach for various sports for several years. He is also a founding member of the Garfield Redevelopment Authority, former chairman of the Garfield Housing Authority and former planning board member. Calandriello said he is very proud of his voting record. In 2016, the municipal tax was reduced. He said he felt the taxes were stabilized but a reduction is very "unique." He said the tax reduction was accomplished with the city's redevelopment efforts. Calandriello said he was a founding member of the redevelopment committee in 2001 where they successfully identified 54 acres. Since then, the redevelopment agency has brought in $5 million in developer fees to the city, including $2.8 million toward the new police station. The redevelopment has also brought new jobs to the city with the Passaic Street shopping center stores, Wawa and Price Rite. "During the recession across the state tax revenues dropped with tax appeals, but Garfield stayed steady with redevelopment," Calandriello said. "We still continue to do a great job bringing in new ratables and maintaining a healthy surplus." He said in the last four years the city also improved their bond rating to AA- and received millions in grants saving the taxpayers money. Something he is very proud of is holding the developer Vornado accountable for their "good faith commitment" of a property donation that is now being used for the dog park on Hobart Place. The grant money originally awarded for the dog park is now being used for River Drive's second phase of the river restoration project and being used to acquire land. "I have always supported smart development without compromising the quality of life for residents," he said. He said that is why he voted against using eminent domain in the first ward. "I'm in favor of redevelopment just not the eminent domain aspect," he said. "People have the right to stay in their homes or at least be compensated fairly." In the last four years, he has supported new protective lightening warning at 20th Century field, the General Pulaski statue and Garfield River Drive Park, hiring more police officers and getting more fire and safety vehicles, the VFW with refurbishing the building, library improvements, and the council of affordable housing program. If re-elected, Calendriello said he will continue the superfund fight along with state and federal legislatures for funding of the cleanup until the city is chromium free. He also wants to see Passaic Street redeveloped without using eminent domain, and continue redevelopment especially on Monroe Street. He also wants to continue monitoring and improving the quality of water, especially the safety and quality while keeping water affordable. Calandriello will also like to see the recreation center expand with the hours and activities. "I also want to continue to support our police and firefighters who work so hard every day protecting our citizens and ensuring our public safety," he said. Joe Delaney Delaney said when he first became mayor four years ago his focus was increasing the redevelopment in the city. "The Passaic Street redevelopment was at a standstill with only the Walmart and Applebee's," Delaney said. "Within my first month as mayor, McDonald's called and after it being previously denied I was able to push it forward despite resistance from the planning board." After McDonald's came to the location, Delaney said other businesses like Marshalls, Burlington Coat Factory and Pet Smart followed. "I don't want to wait another 10 years for redevelopment to move forward. I know government moves slowly but in Garfield sometimes it moves at a snail's pace and that's what I'm totally against," Delaney said. Delaney said if re-elected, he wants to focus on the redevelopment of Passaic Street. He said six months ago a plan for that area was voted down and it hasn't been spoken about since. "If we don't redevelop Passaic Street now, it will look the same if not worse 10 years from now," he said. He said he also wants to focus on hiring more employees for the department of public works. He said he recently voted against purchasing half a million dollars of equipment for the DPW because there needs to be more employees especially with redevelopment in the city increasing. He said he also wants to create a code enforcer to go around the city enforcing ordinances that the city already has like putting out garbage too early and cleaning up after pets. He said it may seem small, but enforcement of minor things will make a huge impact to the city and alleviate the police who are busy. Delaney said one of the quality-of-life issues he also wants to make a priority is speeding throughout the city. He said the council needs to encourage the police department to write more speeding tickets and do more radar posts. As a representative on the Bergen County Community Development Board for more than 12 years, he was able to obtain more than $10 million in grants to improve Garfield's parks, roads and community buildings. Delaney said he was also instrumental in moving the May municipal election to November. In the next four years, Delaney wants to focus on the redevelopment on Passaic Street and to turn into a downtown shopping area. He also wants to get the entire community more involved with more events in the city like fireworks, festivals, community weekends, movie nights and events at the River Drive Park. Delaney is also running with his daughter. "Some members of the sitting council have said my daughter is too young, but I feel we need some new young and fresh ideas," he said. "If we don't come up with these ideas then the city will be stagnant. We have to look towards the future. Our slogan is 'Our Future is Now.' We don't want to put off for tomorrow what we can do now. Erin brings fresh, educated ideas to the council and that's what we definitely need." Delaney is a lifelong resident of Garfield, a parishioner of Most Holy Name Church and is married with five children who all graduated from the Garfield Public School system. He has served the community as mayor, deputy mayor, councilman and board of education trustee. He is also a member the YMCA board of directors and the Boys & Girl' Club Coaches Association for more than 20 years, he's also a Garfield PBA Silver Card recipient. Erin Delaney Delnaey graduated from Garfield High School in 2009 and was a member of the National Honor Society and Top 20 Seniors. She received her bachelor's degree in psychology and master's degree in public administration. She is the founder of the Garfield Stigma Free Committee and member of the Garfield Prevention Coalition and the Garfield Municipal Alliance. She has worked in the field of substance abuse for four years for Partners in Prevention, the Bergen County Office of Alcohol and Drug Dependency and The Center of Alcohol and Drug Resources. Delaney also has experience in grant work, community organization, community outreach, program development, coalition management and event planning. While working at The Center for Alcohol and Drug Resources, a five year $125,000 per year grant was secured for Garfield. She has been a volunteer in several community organizations such as Food for Thought Healthy Living, Garfield Clean Communities, and a volunteer coach with various youth organizations. Delaney has been instrumental in bringing various programs to the city at no cost to the residents such as Strengthening Families, Second Step, Training for Intervention Procedures, Mental Health First Aid certified instruction and Smoke Free Public Space. She has experience in public speaking and presentations and has delivered multiple trainings for different entities such as Garfield Junior Police Academy, Bergen County Juvenile Officers Association, Bergen County Social Services, the faith based community in Passaic County, school nurses across Bergen County and countless schools throughout Bergen County. Delaney wants to run for council because she has seen her father, Councilman Delaney be involved in politics and has seen first hand what a difference he has made in the community. She said she wants to do the same and would love to have the opportunity to give back to the community that she grew up in. She said her and her father share similar goals including focusing on redevelopment, taxes, increasing community involvement and quality-of-life issues. "Community involvement is so important for people to feel invested," she said. She said she also wants to encourage residents to share their opinions and ideas. "It's important for residents to be heard. Their ideas do matter," Delaney said. "I want to work hand in hand with the community and open up a dialogue and open door with the council and residents." She said she also wants the open door to include the police department and residents and to have the community come together as a big family. Delaney said she wants to bring new events to the city and look into bringing back old events like the Boilermaker bonfires. She said she also wants to create ways to make community events more attainable to residents. She said some residents may not be able to attend due to childcare. She said she will look into ways to bring free childcare at events and break down any other barriers that prevent residents from getting involved. Delaney said running with her father has been wonderful. "He's my best friend and he knows my strengths and weaknesses and I know his," she said. "I think it will be great to bring that to the council. I think we make a great team and will be an even better team on the council." She also believes it's easier as well for a father and daughter to accept constructive criticism. "We don't always agree on the same thing, but we are able to work through it positively," Delaney said. Romi Herrera Romi Herrera has been a resident and homeowner in the City of Garfield for 11 years. As an active member of the community, Herrera has continuously demonstrated his commitment and dedication to improving the condition and well being of Garfield and its residents. Herrera is now up for a new challenge that would allow him to better represent the residents of Garfield on the city's council. Back in 2012, Herrera founded Garfield United, an organization aimed at empowering families through advocacy, resource management, and recreation. Since then, it has developed and expanded its reach to offer services to many of Garfield's residents and beyond. Through Herrera's leadership, the organization has successfully provided assistance with citizenship applications, naturalization classes, and speech workshops for those seeking legal status. Together with Garfield United, Herrera has also helped low income families fill out forms for their tax payments, advised residents about the process of property tax appeals and implemented recreational programs for children such as summer soccer camps and music lessons. Herrera also currently serves as an active member in the city's zoning board. In this role, Herrera has been keen to identify the issues that arise when residents and small business owners are barred from receiving the necessary permits and licenses to develop their businesses and properties. Herrera is determined to make more impactful change as a member of the Garfield City Council. He said he is dedicated to ensuring that Garfield's neighborhoods and school districts are safe for all children and residents. He and his wife, Elena, have three children, Solange, 22, Brittany, 21, and Peter, 9, who have gone through the city's public school system. If elected, he also wants to see the implementation of a volunteer safety unit that will help community policing and improve the relationship between local residents and police officers. He also wants to improve the quality of water and the infrastructure. Looking forward, Herrera envisions a more economically prosperous business district in Garfield. In order to achieve this goal, Herrera wants to improve the infrastructure of Garfield by proposing measures that would beautify the areas of commerce and make city officials more readily available to respond to the needs of small business owners. Herrera said he will work with the rest of the council to stabilize taxes and maintain an equitable tax system for all the residents of Garfield. Tony Lio Tony Lio is a lifelong resident of Garfield married to his wife, Dana. They have twin sons, Anthony and Dane. Both children are graduates of Garfield High School. Anthony is currently attending college and Dane is in the Bergen County Police Academy soon to be a police officer in Garfield. Lio is the owner/operator of a Garfield-based finance company offering corporate financing and leasing. He is a graduate of Garfield High School and attended Bergen Community College majoring in Business Administration. He has served as an agent for the Bergen County SPCA Law Enforcement Division, civically active with the children of the city coaching at the Boys & Girls Club, YMCA, Garfield Little League and the Garfield Jr. Boilermakers. He is presently a board trustee at the Boys & Girls Club of Garfield, a member of the Garfield UNICO and previously served on the Garfield Planning Board and is a former Vice President of the Garfield Board of Education. "As a lifelong resident of Garfield, I am unhappy with the current leadership that is running Garfield," he said. "I have asked myself; is Garfield a better place to live than it was 10-20 years ago? I think not. I am always listening to my friends and neighbors complain about issues within the city. It seems these important issues are always getting ignored or overlooked. Like crime, graffiti, public safety, absentee landlords, illegal apartments, sewer tax, street paving, quality of life issues, community re-development, attracting and maintaining businesses and supporting our schools." If elected, he has goals for the next four years. "We must work on bringing back respect, government transparency and a better quality of life to the residents of Garfield, restore confidence and trust in government, stabilize property taxes, increase programming and educational opportunities for our youth, support local businesses and enhance economic development in Garfield, improve Garfield's emergency services by updating equipment and facilities for police, fire and ambulance personnel," he said. "My running mate, Nikolce Milevski, and I will work hard and be a strong voice for the people and an advocate for the taxpayers." Lio would like to see the city a sound, healthy, united and growing city people would like to reside in during his term if elected. Glenn Mati Mati is finishing up his first term on the Garfield Council as the deputy mayor and has served on the Garfield Planning Board for the last four years. He is a retired Garfield Police Captain where he served for 34 years and is an active firefighter in the city for the last 43 years. He is currently employed as a safety officer with the Garfield Board of Education. In the past four years, he said the council's biggest accomplishment has been having a zero percent increase and actually reducing taxes. He said that was able to be accomplished by pushing redevelopment and getting businesses to help offset taxes for the residents. He said recently the city was able to build up the city's infrastructures by updating the roads, water and gas lines with Public Service. He said the city has also been able to acquire millions in grants to do things like upgrading 20th Century Field without taxing the residents. If re-elected, Mati said the next redevelopment priorities include Monroe Street and River Drive. He said developers are already interested in the areas. He said another major focus will be transforming Passaic Street into a Transit Village and upgrading the entire area. The dog park will also be built in the next couple of months at no cost to the taxpayer due to grants. He said the council has also been building up the police department. Mati said they next need to focus on building up the Department of Public Works to get more services to the residents faster. "Garfield to me is a hidden jewel," Mati said. "There are so many backgrounds in the city that all live together so well. With the development and new businesses the city is on the rise where other towns are struggling." "I believe in the last four years as a council we have all worked really hard together. We don't always agree but we do what's best for the city," Mati said. "We work well together and I'm proud of that. I believe we all deserve re-election for what we have accomplished in the last four years. We don't do it alone and we all earned it." Nikolce Milevski Milevski's family moved to Garfield in 1970 from Macedonia when he was just over a year old. He attended Garfield elementary schools and Elmwood Park High School. He then went to Ramapo State College and studied Business Administration. His wife lived in Garfield and went through the Garfield school district along with his two children. Milevski is currently the Vice Chair on the Garfield Planning Board and a member of the Garfield UNICO. He is also the President of the Macedonian Orthodox Cathedral in Cedar Grove and is the owner of the Firehouse Restaurant on Plauderville Avenue. He previously was a coach and mentor at the Garfield Little League, YMCA, Garfield Boys and Girls Club. "I still support and sponsor these organizations that do so much for our youth," he said. "While spending years on the Garfield planning board I feel it's my duty to help steer Garfield in a positive direction," he said. "Even though it's going to take time from my business and family, I know if good people don't get involved, Garfield will never become the great city it can be." If elected, he wants to improve quality of life issues, enforce laws against illegal apartments, restructure parking problems, make sure that the police department has the council's full support along with its citizens, and invite and entice new businesses to open locations in Garfield, and stop needless spending of tax dollars. He wants to spend the next fours years creating a well-informed city where all the citizens know about community events or when road construction projects or an emergency happen. Milevski said he wants to see the police department construction started and completed. He also wants to knock down condemned buildings and hold "slumlords landlords" accountable to properties they own in the city. He said he also wants to see the city work with the board of education more with shared services to save tax dollars and see redevelopment of the first ward. Tana Raymond Raymond was first elected to the city council in 2008. Raymond holds a bachelor of science degree in nursing, a master's in urban education and a master's in administration. She has a supervisor certification for public schools and an administrator's certificate. She is currently the supervisor of nurses in the Garfield School District and has served on many volunteer organizations and was part of the creation of the Garfield Animal Rescue Foundation. Raymond said one of her biggest accomplishments the past four years has been fighting illegal apartments in the city. She said more than $100,000 has been collected in illegal apartment fines. "It's so important to the city. If people have four families living in one house they need to pay taxes accordingly. It's stealing from the taxpayers," she said. "There are still a lot more to find." She said residents have been calling in tips every week and no one has accepted the $100 bounty. "That shows how much they care about the town," she said. Raymond said she has also tried to continue and carry on Councilman Delaney's redevelopment work. In October she has done four ribbon cuttings for new businesses. If re-elected, she has some of the same visions from the past four years like making the streets safer. She said she has met with some teenagers who hang on the streets and had good conversations. "I want to see them contributing. A lot of them have no support systems," Raymond said. "They really wanted a basketball court." Raymond said she suggested it to the council but it was met with resistance. She said if re-elected she will continue to pursue having a basketball court and creating more positive activities to help get their life back on track. "I always feel if I can save one child I've accomplished a mission," she said. She said she also wants continue the city's redevelopment plans while keeping Garfield affordable for the taxpayers. Last year, Garfield saw a decrease in the municipal taxes, which she said is important with hard working families in the city. Raymond also wants a K-9 unit for the police department. She said some of the police department's new hires have military backgrounds and have worked with K-9 units in the past. "I want to pursue avenues to make the addition to the police department. If we have our own K-9 unit it will save a lot of response time waiting for the county especially with school incidents," she said. She said she also wants to continue the Memorial Day parade and continue to honor veterans. In addition to the blue star program at the schools it creates an excellent source of collaboration between the city and veterans. "Working in the middle school has offered me the opportunity to have the city and board of education work together in shared service ventures," she said. "There is a good relationship now which was not always the case. We have developed a very good relationship and I truthfully believe working in the school district is an advantage." Raymond said the city is also in good financial standing with a AA- bond rating. "One of the most important factors in achieving that is the city manager and his conservative management of the city," she said. "There is more work to be done. I want to continue to serve and make the city a safer place for everyone to live I've lived in Garfield my whole life and have a lot invested," Raymond said. "I want people to know that if they came to Garfield and break the law they will get in trouble. I will try to address all these issues. The next big thing is the redevelopment of the first ward which is already in the works." Richard Rigoglioso Rigoglioso has served as the vice principal of Garfield Middle School for the last five years. He comes from a family of 10 and has lived in Garfield his entire life. He now has six children of his own who are the main reason why he is running for council. He said the town is changing and going in the wrong direction. "I take my kids to events in other towns but they are beginning to be more involved in the community with football and cheerleading," he said. Rigoglioso said he has worked in the school system for the last 20 years and sees things are changing and "not positively." "I think it's time for a different vision," he said. "The community needs to be more involved. If other towns can do it we can too if we reach out more." If elected, he said he would like to impose a term limit of three terms. "There are too many politicians stagnant and going through the motions. I think the council terms should be limited to 12 years," he said. "I know people vote you in, but after so many years there is so much power. After 12 years there should be some new fresh ideas. Right now if it's not their ideas. it's not a good idea." He believes that if there is a term limit the council will act more swiftly to get policies in motion and promote the growth of the city. Rigioglioso said he also sees a lot of redevelopment but that there are more anchor stores now. He said the city needs to focus on bringing in more "mom and pop" shops like in Ridgewood, Englewood and Montclair to attract outsiders into the town. He said there are many positive aspects to the city, like having two train stations, other forms of public transportation, being close to major highways, and minutes away from the Garden State Plaza and Hackensack University Medical Center. "We don't promote anything in a positive aspect. I think people should want to stop here and stay here. If people leave they don't talk about Garfield positively," he said. If elected, Rigoglioso said he wants to focus on promoting the superfund area in the city. "Chromium is the city's Achilles heel," he said. "The Environmental Protection Agency says the area is safe and they are planning to clean it, but what are we doing to promote the area?" He said people are renting out homes in the area and that people have redeveloped worse around the country. "I don't have the answers but I have a lot of questions that I'm willing to ask," he said. "People throw Garfield under the bus. People used to say it was a good blue collar town and it really bothers me and I'm passionate about it." Email: cattafi@northjersey.com NorthJersey.com : News : NJ State News : Elections in NJ NorthJersey.com : News : NJ State News : Elections in NJ November 8, 2016 Last updated: Tuesday, November 8, 2016, 1:54 PM Ten residents seek seats during Garfield's first November election By Kristie Cattafi Staff Writer |  Community News (Garfield Edition) Pages: 1 2 3 4 5 6 > display on one page Garfield will be holding it first November council election after the governing body approved to change the date this year. Ten residents are competing for five, four-year seats on Nov. 8. Incumbents Gaetana (Tana) Raymond, Glenn Mati, Louis Aloia, Joseph Delaney III and Franic Calandriello are seeking re-election along with residents Erin Delaney, Richard Rigoglioso, Romi Herrera, Nikolce Milevski and Tony Lio. Louis Aloia Aloia has served as mayor of Garfield from 1996 to 2000 and as a councilman from 2000 to present. He is married to his wife, Rosemarie, with six children and six grandchildren. He is the owner and manager of Aloia Funeral Home. Aloia said in the last four years he is most proud of the city's redevelopment including the General Pulaski statue at the new Garfield River Drive Park, Garden State Signature Place, Walmart, Applebees, McDonalds, and Wawa. He said he is also proud of the council for saving and maintaining the Garfield VFW. He said the VFW exemplifies community spirit and service. If re-elected Aloia wants to see future development of the city especially with the new police department and safety of town. He said he also wants to establish more fire vehicles and create a better public safety net for the city. Future redevelopment projects he wants to focus on is getting the Monroe Street complex developed. He said developing the Monroe Street area will be key because it will increase value in the first ward. He said the next four years will be focusing on developing the first ward and "making it equally blessed" like the rest of the city. He is a founding member of the Garfield Redevelopment Authority, is a former president of Garfield UNICO, was the director of the Garfield Chamber of Commerce for 10 years, is a former member of the Garfield Planning Board, housing authority and library board and the recipient of the Garfield Mayor's Award for outstanding civic contributions. Frank Calandriello Calandriello is running with Glenn Mati and Louis Aloia under the slogan "Working for you 2016." He has served on the council for 20 years, including three consecutive terms as mayor. He is the president of Frankie's Express Moving and F&M Leasing, a 55-year family owned business. He was inducted into the New Jersey State League of Municipalities in 2011 in the Mayoral Hall of Fame. He is been trustee of the Garfield Boys & Girls Club for the last 25 years, a Garfield Jr. Boilermaker coach for the last 20 years, and a coach for various sports for several years. He is also a founding member of the Garfield Redevelopment Authority, former chairman of the Garfield Housing Authority and former planning board member. Calandriello said he is very proud of his voting record. In 2016, the municipal tax was reduced. He said he felt the taxes were stabilized but a reduction is very "unique." He said the tax reduction was accomplished with the city's redevelopment efforts. Calandriello said he was a founding member of the redevelopment committee in 2001 where they successfully identified 54 acres. Since then, the redevelopment agency has brought in $5 million in developer fees to the city, including $2.8 million toward the new police station. The redevelopment has also brought new jobs to the city with the Passaic Street shopping center stores, Wawa and Price Rite. "During the recession across the state tax revenues dropped with tax appeals, but Garfield stayed steady with redevelopment," Calandriello said. "We still continue to do a great job bringing in new ratables and maintaining a healthy surplus." He said in the last four years the city also improved their bond rating to AA- and received millions in grants saving the taxpayers money. Something he is very proud of is holding the developer Vornado accountable for their "good faith commitment" of a property donation that is now being used for the dog park on Hobart Place. The grant money originally awarded for the dog park is now being used for River Drive's second phase of the river restoration project and being used to acquire land. "I have always supported smart development without compromising the quality of life for residents," he said. He said that is why he voted against using eminent domain in the first ward. "I'm in favor of redevelopment just not the eminent domain aspect," he said. "People have the right to stay in their homes or at least be compensated fairly." In the last four years, he has supported new protective lightening warning at 20th Century field, the General Pulaski statue and Garfield River Drive Park, hiring more police officers and getting more fire and safety vehicles, the VFW with refurbishing the building, library improvements, and the council of affordable housing program. Pages: 1 2 3 4 5 6 > display on one page Tags: Elections in NJ  |  Garfield Inside NorthJersey.com Neil Walker returns to Mets;... N.J. credit rating downgraded... Bergen County executive joins... Obama: Americans should... From Bergen.com Julia's Butterfly Foundation... Rutherford Education... Adora Bella Salon celebrates... RHONJ's Siggy Flicker greets... From BergenCounty.com Sharing the Arts Together:... Protecting yourself from the... (201) Magazine's Top... Don't Fear the Future:... Most Read | Most Recent Boy, 15, critical in Paterson after accidental shooting, police say West Milford family calls for witnesses as hundreds mourn hit-run victim With 2 more White House posts filled, where does Christie fit in now? Road Warrior: Motorists sound off about infuriating driving issues in North Jersey Neil Walker returns to Mets; accepts qualifying offer N.J. credit rating downgraded again, making a record for Christie Veterans show off new looks after Westfield Garden State Plaza makes them over Bergen County executive joins White House summit on homeless vets Latest tweets from @NorthJerseybrk Tweets by NorthJerseybrk Follow @NorthJerseybrk on Twitter | More tweets Get News Alerts © 2016 North Jersey Media Group News Most Read NJ State News NJ Governor Elections in NJ Jersey Shore Crime Police Blotters Environment Business Real Estate Technology Automotive News More Politics New York / Tri-State Area Transportation Nation 2016 Presidential Election World Education Health In Case You Missed It Offbeat News Non-Profits Local Bergen Passaic Morris Essex Hudson Towns Community Sports H.S. Sports Darren Cooper Athlete of the Week Varsity Aces Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Track Girls Track Boys Volleyball Boys Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Ice Hockey Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Football Girls Volleyball Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Indoor Track Girls Indoor Track Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Fencing Photos Recruiting Rankings Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross-Country Girls Cross-Country Field Hockey Girls Gymnastics Girls Tennis College Sports Basketball Football Rutgers Seton Hall William Paterson Montclair St. Peter's Fairleigh Dickinson Local Athletes in College MLB Yankees Mets NHL Devils Rangers NBA Knicks Nets NFL Giants Jets Soccer Red Bulls Boxing Golf More Obituaries Obituaries Home Page Place an Obituary Funeral Home Directory Obituary Alerts For Funeral Directors Photo Galleries News Photos H.S. Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Community Event Photos Food Photos More Photo Galleries Opinion The Record Editorials Letters to the Editor Alfred Doblin Bruce Lowry Guest Writers Community Newspapers Editorials Letters to the Editors Guest Writers Cartoons Columnists Darren Cooper Alfred Doblin Bill Ervolino Robert Feldberg Herb Jackson Mike Kelly Bob Klapisch Charles Stile Jill Schensul Tara Sullivan Elisa Ung Road Warrior More Special Reports In Heroin's Grip Kids and Anxiety The GWB Files GWB Scandal Archive More Special Reports Blogs Meadowlands Matters Fire & Ice Ranger Rants Varsity Aces More Real Estate Real Estate Home Page Search Listings Commercial Real Estate Residential Real Estate Most Recent Home Sales Ask a Realtor A & E Entertainment News Celebrities Music Movies TV Real Housewives of NJ Theater Books Art Fashion Events Search Events Add an Event Food Restaurant Reviews Health Inspections Recipes Wine & Spirits Elisa Ung Community Celebrations Clubs & Organizations Events & Announcements Pets Photo Galleries Recreation Town Meetings More Travel Record on the Road Jill Schensul More Special Sections The Record Special Sections The Record Real Estate The Record Cars The Record Jobs The Record Dine-Out Guide Community Newspapers Video Business Directory NJ Lottery TV Listings Digital Edition Archive Search Connect Contact Us Newsletters / Alerts Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Mobile/Apps Letters to the Editor Advertise NorthJersey.com The Record / Herald News Community Newspapers (201) Magazine Other Magazines Bergen.com MailboxFlyer.com Tearsheets Subscribe The Record Herald News Community Newspapers (201) Magazine Customer Care Find Obituaries Photographs Books Reprints and Permissions Archives Legals/Public Notices Local Businesses Garage Sales NorthJersey.com About Us Contact Us Terms of Service/Privacy Police Blotter Policy North Jersey Media Group In The News About Us / Locations Foundation Action Against Hunger Green Statement Employment Opportunities Premiums Events/Exposure ↑ : Home Delivery | Store | Digital Edition | Bergen.com | BergenCounty.com | Events Special Sections | Homes | Cars | Jobs | Marketplace | Garage Sales | Place an Ad Sections
Numismatic News Register     Log In Newsletter | Coin Price Guide | Coin Books | Coin Magazines Search for: Skip to content Home News General News In This Issue Coin Club News Press Room Archived News Features Class of ’63 Item of the Week Mint Stats Coin Clinic Viewpoint Beginner Coin Collecting Downloads Sweepstakes Blogs Buzz Community Voice Submit: Community Voice Current Currency Common Cents Letters Read the Letters Submit a Letter Events Chicago International Coin Fair Chicago Paper Money Exposition Coin Shows Auction Calendar Directory Coin Auctions Coin Dealers Paper Money Dealers World Coin Dealers Chinese Coin & Currency Full Industry Directory Marketplace Shop Weekly Deals Coin Collecting Bundles U.S. Coin Books & CD’s World Coin Books & CDs Coin Investing Books Coin Collecting Supplies Numismatic Closeouts Affiliate Subscribe Renew Customer Service Give a Gift Testimonials Numismatic News Express Numismatic News Express Subscription Numismatic News Express Archive Get the entire Lincoln Cents section of 2013 U.S. Coin Digest! Enter your valid email and access the PDF download. * ← Rare 1916 caused no stir when issued Gold Walker price $865? → ‘Gift’ not just a four-letter word Posted on November 8, 2016 by Dave Harper As far as the U.S. Mint is concerned, the holiday shopping season began yesterday. At least that is what I infer from my receipt of its Holiday Gift Guide in my email. As far as timing is concerned, the Mint is mainstream. I was in Wal-mart on Saturday morning and the cashier was wearing an elf cap. When I complimented her on it, she said she had just gotten it the day before. Of course, the Mint, Wal-mart and other retailers hope we all will spend, spend, spend. The Mint’s gift guide prominently features the two 2016 commemorative coin series. If you know someone who is fond of the works of Mark Twain, a gold $5 or silver dollar honoring the classic American author just might be the perfect present. A lover of the great outdoors might be a prime candidate for one of the coins celebrating the 100th anniversary of the National Park Service. There is a $5 gold piece, a silver dollar and a clad half dollar. If you consider both the proof and uncirculated versions, you have six coins to choose from. Gifts are probably the last hope for either commemorative program to move the sales numbers much higher. Collectors have had most of the year to make up their minds. If they have not purchased them by now, the only added inducement might come in December when a last look at sales numbers might reveal one that is extremely low – implying future profits if you buy it. For something current, the Mint’s catalog takes the viewer to a page on which appears the uncirculated mintmarked silver American Eagle celebrating the 30th anniversary of the program. It has a lettered edge rather than the standard reeding as appears on the regular issue 2016 bullion silver Eagle. But it will not be available until Dec. 1. That should be no problem as in recent years the Mint has excelled in swift delivery times. For me this year, the best part of the gift guide is the portion devoted to medals. Medals do not get enough attention. I am as guilty as the next collector at relegating them to second class status compared to coins. The old Life cereal commercial seems an appropriate mention here. Everybody in it wanted to let Mikey try the new cereal first. Well, with medals, a gift of a medal to Mikey might just lead to greater numbers of collectors if he likes it. The medals offered have attractive artwork and honor incredible people, from veterans to Mother Teresa. This entry was posted in Buzz. Bookmark the permalink. ← Rare 1916 caused no stir when issued Gold Walker price $865? → Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Subscribe to Numismatic News Get a full year of Numismatic News for only $29.99 More Numismatic Magazines Numismatic News Express Coins Magazine Bank Note Reporter World Coin News Customer Service Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Get Help Answer our latest poll question Should Andrew Jackson stay on the $20 bill? Community Voice You have a voice with us. Make your opinion heard on current coin collecting news and events, and get published. Letters to the Editor Letters to the Editor (November 29, 2016) Inaccurate musket depicted on Cumberland Gap quarter As the author of over 30 books on muzzle-loading firearms, many of which were published by academic presses, I can tell with absolute certainty: there were no muzzle-loading muskets made left-handed. There a very few muzzle-loading Pennsylvania, Kentucky, home or civilian rifles that were left-handed. The Cumberland Gap quarter shows ... Register today to submit a letter to the editor! Marketplace Links Coin & Paper Money Classifieds Place an ad to buy or sell coins online in our classifieds section. Numismatic Directory Browse our industry directory of coin dealers online, world coin dealers, paper money dealers, coin collecting supplies, coin auctions and more. Numismaster Coin Price Guide Look up coin values with the Numismaster coin price guide. Coin & Paper Money Auctions Check out upcoming coin auctions. About | Contact | Advertise | Staff | Privacy | Terms | Customer Service | Affiliate Program Learn more about related publications and services produced by F+W Media: MAGAZINE & BOOKS: Subscribe | World Coin News | Bank Note Reporter | Coins Magazine | Coin Prices Magazine | Coin Books ONLINE SERVICES: Coin Chat Radio | Numismaster | Collect.com OTHER USEFUL LINKS: Word Currency Denominations | International Number Systems Copyright © F+W All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | F+W | Career Opportunities
Environmental Leader Columns News Videos Jobs Research Webinars Conference 2017   X Webinar: Are you still in compliance? Learn how EPA Clean Air Act changes affect your organization November 16, 2016, 2 PM ET Sponsored by Sphera Register Now>> Popular ENERGY EFFICIENCY EMISSIONS CARBON FINANCE FACILITIES SUPPLY CHAIN SUSTAINABILITY WATER SMART GRID More Topics »Close » Sustainable Strategies & Leadership Contracts & Installations Green Fleets & Transportation Funding & Incentives Sustainability Reports Government Environmental Design Hi-Tech Pollution Climate Ecolabels & Certifications Waste & Recycling Carbon Finance & Offsets Construction & Refitting Green Marketing Sustainable Manufacturing Green Research Energy Efficient Lighting Solar Energy Environmental Policy & Law Products & Planning Finance & Reporting Sustainable Packaging & Paper Conventional Energy Baseline Clean Energy Green Workplace Efficiency Environmental Conservation Utilities ALL TOPICS   Home » All EL Stories » Walmart Wants to Set a Global Example and Vows to Represent all Stakeholders November 8, 2016 Walmart Wants to Set a Global Example and Vows to Represent all StakeholdersBy: Ken Silverstein Related Stories Mars Drinks’ Single Serve Packaging Redesign Cuts Carbon Footprint by 31% Alcatraz Cruises Launches Hybrid Ferryboat Walmart to Save $150m with Sustainability Initiatives in FY13 Walmart Foundation, Target, US Chamber Foundation to Launch Circular Economy Pilot Keurig Transitioning to Recylable K-Cups Related Topics All EL Stories Circular Economy Clean Energy Climate Feature Products & Planning Recycling Solar Energy Sustainable Strategy & Leadership Waste & Recycling Waste Management Wind Energy Walmart is a leading employer. And it’s also a leader in the area of sustainability. It just announced a new plan to achieve science-based targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions that conform to the standards set by the Paris climate accords. Among other things, Walmart is doubling sales of locally grown produce in the U.S. and expanding and enhancing sustainable sourcing to cover 20 key commodities, including bananas, coffee and tea. The company’s announcement came in Philadelphia last Friday at its Net Impact Conference, all with a goal of increasing “trust and transparency.”  “We want to make sure Walmart is a company that our associates and customers are proud of – and that we are always doing right by them and by the communities they live in,” says Doug McMillon, chief executive of WalMart, at the conference. “That’s really what these commitments are about. And that’s why we’re so passionate about them.” It is sourcing more energy from renewables and has dedicated itself to paying its associates more. It says it is dedicated to doing the right thing, and giving people more access to more products. It says it wants to redefine what it means to do good. Walmart is the first retailer with an emissions-reduction plan approved by the Science Based Targets Initiative, in alignment with the Paris Climate Agreement in December 2015, the company says. Under the approved plan, Walmart will use a combination of energy-efficiency measures and renewable energy to achieve an 18 percent emissions reduction in its own operations by 2025. Additionally, Walmart will work with suppliers to reduce emissions by 1 Gigaton by 2030, equivalent to taking more than 211 million passenger vehicles off of U.S. roads and highways for a year. Is this the WalMart that you know? McMillion asked attendees. He says WalMart is a quite a different company from what people have perceived it to be. While the company felt it had good people doing good work, Hurricane Katrina caused it to reach an epiphany. It resolved itself to throw its people, merchandise and money to solving that specific problem. But it changed the company, he said. How can we be this company all the time? he asked, thus committing itself to such a standard, always. He said that WalMart listened to its critics, who were concerned about its environmental and labor practices. Walmart has a platform. And so it chose to set three goals and to improve in the following areas: achieving zero waste, increasing renewable energy  and selling increasingly sustainable products over time in sustainable packaging. The company set them in aspirational ways and since 2005, it has been on its way to chipping away at these aims. It is serving all stakeholders, McMillion says. On Friday, it set new objectives: Building on those sustainability goals it set in 2005, it shoots further —  to create zero waste in company operations, to operate with 100% renewable energy — 50% by 2025 — and to sell products that sustain natural resources and the environment. “Those aspirational goals have guided how Walmart engages on those vital issues and progress has been made toward them. The new roadmap builds on progress to date, but also broadens the company’s vision of its role in society.” The record so far? In 2015, 25 percent of Walmart’s operations were powered by renewable energy, a significant step towards the 2005 goal. Going forward, the company says that it will source half of its energy needs from renewable sources by 2025, as part of a plan designed to achieve science-based targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. In 2015, 75 percent of Walmart’s global waste was diverted from landfills, the company says, helping to reduce costs to the business, customers and society. Under the roadmap, the company will achieve zero waste to landfill from our own operations in key markets, including the U.S., U.K., Japan, and Canada by 2025, it continues. The commitment is designed to meet or exceed EPA zero waste guidelines.  McMillon also discussed WalMart’s $2.7 billion investment in its employees — money that has been targeted to education, wages and training. On average, a store manager makes $175,000 a year. It will hire for talent and train for skill, he noted, saying that his first job was unloading trucks at WalMart — and that he rear-ended his boss’ car the first day on his job. “Today we are asking other retailers to join us in helping people live better,” he says. “Let’s use our collective power to create good jobs with good training that become good careers for all our associates … People will have a better shot of taking advantage of the opportunities in front of them.”  Mars Drinks’ Single Serve Packaging Redesign Cuts Carbon Footprint by 31% Alcatraz Cruises Launches Hybrid Ferryboat Walmart to Save $150m with Sustainability Initiatives in FY13 Walmart Foundation, Target, US Chamber Foundation to Launch Circular Economy Pilot Keurig Transitioning to Recylable K-Cups Reader Comments There are no comments for this story.   Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Energy Manager News ERC Price Benchmark Trends Week Ending: November 4, 2016 The Evolution of Whole Building Interval Data Updated Standard from ANSI, ASHRAE and IES Wyoming Refining to Save with New Motors, LEDs Washington State Rejects Nation’s First Carbon Tax at the Polls Where’s Oil Headed? Energy Managers Want to Know NOPEC Rapidly Replaces FirstEnergy Solutions With NextEra Energy Services Ohio With Monthly Savings from Gulf Power, Customers Can Buy an Extra Gallon of Milk NEWSLETTER SIGNUP Join 100,000+ subscribers who gain a competitive advantage with our news and analysis. Select the newsletters that interest you: Environmental Leader Newsletter (Daily) Recycling & Waste Reduction Report (Weekly) Retail Energy Buyer Newsletter (Weekly) Energy Manager Today Newsletter (Daily) EHS Best Practices Newsletter (Monthly) Latest Best Practice[ see all ] The New EHS Cloud, Is it for Everyone? Companies moving from traditional on-premise, perpetually-licensed EHS software to technology services that are cloud-based, subscription service-based offerings has become a macro trend. When it’s time to look for a new software solution, the temptation is great to use the technical buzz phrases that get tossed around frequently. When that happens, the pros and cons of […] Privacy About Us Send a Story Tip Advertise Subscribe © 2006-2016 Business Sector Media, LLC All rights reserved.  
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 54,340 Sanders says it's not Comey's fault that Clinton lost 43,222 'I came here to kill you': Cop-killer stalked family for days 29,971 Read John Lennon's harsh words for Paul McCartney 27,847 The one scenario that could still get Hillary into the White House 25,666 Dead rodent sewn into woman's new Zara dress: lawsuit 22,354 Melania Trump's girl-on-girl photos from racy shoot revealed Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Seasonal retail jobs taking a hit this holiday season By Lisa Fickenscher View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) November 8, 2016 | 1:31am Modal Trigger Photo: AP More On: holiday shopping This is the best day of the year to do your holiday shopping Under Armour goes over the top with $1,500 trench coat Mall of America takes a stand against shopping on Thanksgiving Walmart facing uphill battle just to survive Good luck finding help at some of the country’s largest retailers during the holidays. As shopping season kicks into high gear, most retailers are cutting back on sales help in their stores, a survey of hiring announcements reveals. Walmart, which last year proudly announced that it was hiring 60,000 extra workers for the holiday shopping season, this year is staying uncharacteristically silent on its plans. “We don’t yet have a number to share, mainly because we are looking at seasonal hiring on a much more local, store-by-store basis this year,” a Walmart spokesperson told The Post. Retailers typically advertise for seasonal help in September and hire in October. The giant discounter’s plan includes giving current workers “access to extra hours,” the spokesperson said. Walmart said earlier this year that it would use existing employees as “Santa’s helpers,” giving them a yellow vest and a Santa hat. CareerTrends | Graphiq At Toys R Us, executives are not disclosing the number of temporary workers the chain will hire. Last year, it announced that it would hire 40,000 workers. “With an expected growth in online shopping,” said a Toys R Us spokeswoman, “we’ve placed a greater focus on hiring for our e-commerce fulfillment centers as well as back-of-house operations at our stores.” Retail employment in October fell 21 percent, to 154,600, from a year ago, or the steepest such decline in five years, according to Challenger, Gray & Christmas. “The numbers coming out from the Labor Department show that most retailers have announced hiring plans that are flat to down from last year,” said Chief Executive Officer John Challenger. Nordstrom and Macy’s are trimming their ranks by small percentages — 3 percent and 2 percent, respectively — while GameStop is reducing the number of people it hires in its stores, a spokeswoman said. To be sure, some retailers are adding about the same number of part-time workers as last year, including Target and Kohl’s. Meanwhile, highlighting the phenomenal growth of online sales, Amazon said it is hiring 120,000 extra workers — 20 percent more than last year. “The megatrend here is that as more shopping migrates online, the fewer people retailers need in their stores,” said Craig Johnson, president of Customer Growth Partners. Indeed, Target is adding 7,500 workers to its fulfillment and distribution centers, or 1,000 more than last year, “because our online sales are increasing,” said a spokeswoman. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under holiday shopping ,  Jobs ,  retailers Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next News Corp shares climb amid digital revenue rise Read Next News Corp shares climb amid digital revenue rise Most Popular This Week 1 The one scenario that could still get Hillary into the White House 2 Melania Trump's girl-on-girl photos from racy shoot revealed 3 Assassination threats against Trump flood Twitter 4 Man who fatally punched stranger surrenders 5 Trump calls slain cop's widow to offer condolences 6 White House open to a Clinton pardon Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 57,421 Sanders says it's not Comey's fault that Clinton lost 45,781 'I came here to kill you': Cop-killer stalked family for days 31,360 Read John Lennon's harsh words for Paul McCartney Now On You can hire DJ Khaled for your next big shindig Ryan Reynolds had a ‘nervous breakdown’ after ‘Deadpool’ Donald Trump had better not cross Jane Lynch SEE ALL Video You can hire DJ Khaled for your next big shindig More Stories pagesix Read John Lennon's harsh words for Paul McCartney Now On Decider Alec Baldwin Is A No Show On 'SNL', Backs Down From Trump nypost Sanders says it's not Comey's fault that Clinton lost New York Post Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Twitter Facebook Instagram Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2016 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Tuesday, 8 November 2016 | MYT 9:43 AM Breakfast briefing: Tuesday, November 8 MarketWrap: Wall Street surged on the eve of the US presidential election, with Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton's prospects brightening after the FBI said it would not press criminal charges against her over the use of a private email server. US stocks on Monday racked up their biggest one-day percentage gain since March 1, while a volatility measure recorded its biggest drop since late June. - Reuters The DJIA jumped 2.08% to end at 18,259.67 points and the S&P 500 surged 2.22% to 2,131.52 and the Nasdaq added 2.37% to 5,166.17. Forex summary *The ringgit gained 0.02% to 4.2120 per US$ *It was 0.11% higher at 4.6478 per euro *Down 0.08% to 5.2205 per pound sterling *Up 0.03% to 3.0266 per Singapore dollar *0.38% lower to 3.2449 per Aussie *Up 0.03% to 4.0306 per 100 yen Energy Oil prices were stable early on Tuesday after posting strong gains the previous day, with investors piling money into financial markets in expectation that Democrat Hillary Clinton would win the US presidential election. US West Texas Intermediate crude futures were down 1 cent at US$44.88 per barrel at 0038 GMT. - Reuters Top foreign stories US banks gird for Brexit-style tumult following Tuesday's election: US banks, including Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan Chase & Co and Goldman Sachs Group Inc, are bracing for potential tumult on financial markets in the wake of Tuesday's US election. Traders expect US stock prices to swing by about 2% in either direction on Wednesday, the day after the election, based on the price of S&P 500 index options. - Reuters News Corp posts quarterly loss as print ad sales fall: News Corp, the owner of the Wall Street Journal, Dow Jones Newswires and book publisher HarperCollins, reported a quarterly loss as it struggles to cope with a decline in newspaper advertising sales. News Corp's net loss attributable to shareholders was US$15 million, or 3 cents per share, compared with a profit of US$175 million, or 30 cents per share, a year earlier. - Reuters Wal-Mart Pay in talks with several mobile wallet companies: Wal-Mart Stores Inc is in talks with several mobile wallet companies to offer more payment options in its Wal-Mart Pay app, an executive at the world's largest retailer said, after signing up JPMorgan Chase & Co last week. Starting next year, Chase Pay will become the first third-party digital wallet on Wal-Mart's website and app. - Reuters Russia signs decree to sell 19.5% Rosneft stake: Russia published a government decree on Monday ordering the sale of a 19.5% stake in state-controlled oil giant Rosneft in time for the proceeds to be received by the end of the year. - Reuters Top local stories Currencies under pressure: Emerging market currencies came under pressure just two days before the majority of Americans cast their votes in the US presidential election. Most emerging market currencies were trending lower against US dollar, with the ringgit slumping near its lowest point in months on the back of a renewed strengthening of the US dollar. - StarBiz Axiata to buy 12.5% more in edotco Myanmar: Axiata Group Bhd proposes to exercise a call option for the acquisition of an additional 12.5% stake in edotco Myanmar Ltd in a deal valued at US$35mil (RM147.4mil). - StarBiz Reach to hold deferred EGM on Nov 16: Special-purpose acquisition company Reach Energy Bhd, which is seeking to secure shareholder approval for its maiden acquisition, has set Nov 16 as the new date for its deferred EGM. - StarBiz S&P affirms Malaysia’s sovereign ratings: Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services (S&P) has affirmed Malaysia’s sovereign ratings with a stable outlook based on the country’s strong external position and high monetary flexibility with its relatively weaker but stable public finances. The rating agency said Malaysia’s foreign-currency sovereign credit ratings at A- for the long-term and A-2 for the short-term papers has been maintained while the local-currency sovereign credit ratings would be maintained at A for the long-term and A-1 for the short-term papers. - StarBiz Sunway proposes JV to tap digital media: Sunway Bhd unit Sunway Holdings Sdn Bhd has inked an agreement with three parties to collaborate as partners to invest in digital media business content and assets. - StarBiz AirAsia, AirAsia X staff move into new corporate base: AirAsia and AirAsia X staff moved into its new corporate base called RedQ, located beside KLIA2 on Monday. RedQ, short for RedQuarters, covers an area of 18,000 sq m and will house up to 2,000 AirAsia Allstars, the name the budget carriers’ employees are known as. - StarBiz Analysts laud Star Media’s move into VoD services: Star Media Group Bhd’s venture into video-on-demand (VoD) services is a bold move for the group as it diversifies its business model to the digital entertainment space to complement its traditional print business, analysts say. The strategy to launch dimsum to enter the entertainment space through over-the-top technology was a good entry point into video broadcasting as it was an asset-light model, they say. - StarBiz Scicom profit jumps 24%: Scicom (MSC) Bhd posted a 23.71% jump in net profit to RM12mil for its first quarter mainly due to an increase in billings for outsourcing projects in line with positive industry projections. Revenue rose 16.29% to RM52.1mil. - StarBiz Bank Negara reserves unchanged at US$97.8b: Bank Negara’s international reserves were unchanged in US dollar terms at US$97.8bil as at Oct 31. However, in ringgit terms, the reserves dipped to RM405.5bil from RM405.6bil as at Oct 14. - StarBiz RSPO in a spot again over IOI Corp case: The Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) has found itself in a difficult position again over the suspension and reinstatement of the certification of sustainable palm oil for IOI Corp Bhd.  This time, a non-governmental organisation is unhappy and threatening to quit the self-regulating body established to promote the growth and use of certified sustainable palm oil. - Edge FD Shareholders advised to accept Taisei’s RM1 revised offer for Maypak: Mercury Securities Sdn Bhd, the independent adviser for the takeover offer for 54.95% of Malaysia Packaging Industry Bhd (Maypak) by Taisei Lamick Co Ltd, has recommended that shareholders accept the revised offer of RM1, although it deemed the offer not fair. - Edge FD New Hoong Fatt 3Q net profit up 22%, pays three sen dividend: New Hoong Fatt Holdings Bhd net profit jumped 22.4% to RM6.41 million for the third quarter, on fair value gain on its investment properties amounting to RM900,000 recognised during the period. Revenue rose 2.5% to RM54.48 million, mainly due to higher demand in the local market. - Edge FD Tags / Keywords: Breakfast Briefing You May Be Interested Concern about IOI Prop’s Singapore deal Daibochi to invest RM29mil in Myanmar JV company Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Where are you on the journey to financial freedom? Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Footwear icon Jimmy Choo all for dimsum.my Snowden warns of increase in US domestic spying after Trump victory China says air pollution worsens in October Property Related advertisement Latest News Malaysian palm oil price posts biggest fall in over 4 months Oil rebounds from three-month lows on renewed hopes for OPEC cut Wall Street ends flat as financials' rise offsets tech drop Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump Billionaire Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes bet on US airlines Most Viewed in Business Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump Malaysian palm oil price posts biggest fall in over 4 months Mitsui Outlet Park KLIA to be SE Asia’s largest outlet mall Billionaire Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes bet on US airlines Ringgit jumps against US$ early Monday Oil rebounds from three-month lows on renewed hopes for OPEC cut Pelaburan Mara seeks to remove Aminuddin from PDZ board Telekom Malaysia to provide services to MYTV for RM916mil Bank Negara takes on currency speculators advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
eBay Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Myspace LinkedIn Podcast RSS Transformers: Earth Wars Game Submit News Contact Us Translate Sign in Join Seibertron.com - The Ultimate Transformers Fansite Powered by Google News View All News Toy News Transformers 4 Age of Extinction Movie News Comic Book News Cartoon News Rumors Podcasts Submit News RSS Feeds Toys View Transformers Toy News Transformers Toy Galleries » View All Galleries (A - Z) Newest Toy Galleries Most Popular Toy Galleries Toy Sightings » Product Listings Recent Sightings By Location Toy Sightings Forum Items You're Watching Stores Locations by Retail Chains Store Locator Generations Transformers Prime Arms Micron Classics Universe Movie Universe Rescue Bots Toys Forum Collections Forum Buy, Sell or Trade Forum eBay Auctions Shop our eBay Store Store Seibertron.com Store on eBay Sell Your Toys Forums Transformers Toys Forums Buy, Sell or Trade Transformers Cartoons & Comics Forum Transformers Collectors' Club and BotCon Forum Transformers General Discussion Transformers Video Forum Transformers Toy Review Forum Toy Sightings Forum Movie Forum Video Game Forum General Discussion Non-TF Toy Discussion Heavy Metal War Forums Kitbashes, Fiction & Artwork RPG Forums Staff Forums Cartoons & Comics Cartoon & Comics Forum Cartoon News Transformers Cartoon Series Cartoon Series Summaries Comic Book News Comic Book Series Transformers: Mosaic Ultimate Caption Contest Films Transformers 5 The Last Knight Movie News Movie Related Galleries Movie Toy Galleries Live Action Movies Forum Media Transformers: Earth Wars Mobile App Seibertron.com Twincast/Podcast Twincast/Podcast RSS Feed Subscribe to Twincast/Podcast with iTunes Transformers Video Forum Multimedia News Seibertron.com on YouTube Video Game Forum DVD Set Galleries Region Free DVDs? Here's how! Events Event News View All Events NYCC 2016 » NYCC 2016 NYCC 2015 NYCC 2014 NYCC 2013 TFNation 2016 SDCC 2016 » SDCC 2016 SDCC 2015 SDCC 2014 SDCC 2013 SDCC 2012 BotCon 2016 » BotCon 2016 BotCon 2015 BotCon 2014 BotCon 2013 Toy Fair 2016 » Toy Fair 2016 Toy Fair 2015 Toy Fair 2014 Toy Fair 2013 Transformers Exhibit at Children's Museum in Indianapolis Transformers The Ride - 3D » Universal Orlando Resort Universal Studios Hollywood Database Transformers Series Comic Book Section Cartoon Section People Section Game Your Registry CR Chamber Missions Arena High Scores Heavy Metal War Forums Social Network Like us on Facebook Tweet us on Twitter Add us on Google+ Discover us on Myspace View us on Instagram Connect with us on LinkedIn Watch us on YouTube Seibertron.com Store on eBay Listen to our Podcast Get our RSS Feeds Top Lists « » Robot Kingdom Newsletter #1350 Monday, November 7th, 2016 7:55PM CST Category: Sponsor News Posted by: D-Maximus_Prime   Views: 11,637 Topic Options: View Discussion · Sign in or Join to reply Hi, Here is a quick update from www.robotkingdom.com. 1. Rogue One â€“ A Star Wars Story Items Available NOW! Rogue One A5 size notebook Available on 18th October 2016! For any customers who purchased the Hasbro Rogue One items with USD50 or above, will receive 1 Rogue One A5 size notebook Per Order! Quantity is limited, first come first serve! 2. For any customers who purchased the Hasbro Titans Return Wave 2 items with USD40 or above, will receive 1 Hasbro Exclusive Titans Return Wave 2 Sticker Per Order! https://www.facebook.com/Robotkingdom/p ... 1532325559 3. Free TF Movie 3 Trading Cards for every orders and unsent Preorders! For every USD50 ordered, 4 pack of TF Movie 3 Trading card will be included. For over USD300 Order, A Card Album will also be included! If Any customers do not want the Free Gift Cards, please mention in the remarks section during check out. #1 Hot items TFC Combiner Poseidon P-04 Ironshell. Pre-order, Available next Week! US$104.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfcpp04.html Iron Factory IF-EX18 Lordscorpion. Pre-order, Available next Week! US$59.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/ifex18.html Marvel Legends 2016 X-men Wave with BAF Juggernant Case of 8. Pre-order, Available next Week! US$169.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/b8344as00.html Star Wars Rogue One - A Star Wars Story Black Series 6" Wave 5 case of 6. Pre-order, Start Shipping on 1st December 2016. US$129.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/b3834as0f.html Star Wars Walmart Exclusive Black Series 3.75â€ Figure 2016 Jyn Erso and Death Trooper Set of 2. Pre-order, Restock in mid November 2016 US$32.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/b4054h06bre.html Star Wars Walmart Exclusive Black Series 3.75â€ Figure 2016 Captain sCassian Endo and Scarif Trooper Set of 2. Pre-order, Restock in mid November 2016 US$32.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/b4054h06c.html Star Wars Walmart Exclusive Black Series 3.75â€ Figure 2016 Wave 2 set of 4. Available NOW! US$59.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/b4054h06a.html Star Wars Walmart Exclusive Rogue One - A Star Wars Story Scarif Trooper. Available NOW! US$24.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/b9608h060.html Star Wars Kmart Exclusive Rogue One - A Star Wars Story Black Series 6â€ Sergeant Jyn Erso(Eadu). Available NOW! US$29.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/b9607h060.html Star Wars Walmart Exclusive Rogue One - A Star Wars Story Remote Control R2-D2. Available NOW! US$109.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/b7493as60.html Star Wars Walgreen Exclusive Rogue One - A Star Wars Story Episode 4 C-3P0. Available NOW! US$24.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/c0065h060.html Star Wars Target Exclusive Rogue One - A Star Wars Story Black Series 6â€ REBELS vs. IMPERIALS 3-PACK. Available NOW! US$64.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/b9609h060.html Star Wars Rogue One - A Star Wars Story Shadow trooper The Black Series Voice Changer Helmet. Available NOW! US$109.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/c0063h060.html Star Wars Rogue One - A Star Wars Story Stormtrooper The Black Series Voice Changer Helmet. Available NOW! US$79.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/swr1helmet.html Star Wars Exclusive Rogue One - A Star Wars Story Droid Set. Available NOW! US$69.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/b8671h060.html Star Wars Kohlâ€™s Exclusive Rogue One - A Star Wars Story 3.75â€ 4-pack. Available NOW! US$39.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/b9605h060.html Star Wars Walmart Exclusive Rogue One - A Star Wars Story 3.75â€ 3-pack. Available NOW! US$24.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/c0062h060.html Generations 2016 Leader Titan Returns Wave 3 Sixshot. Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$55.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/b7997as02.html Generations 2016 Titan Returns Voyager Wave 3 G2 Optimus Prime and G1 Megatron set of 2. Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$59.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/b7769as03.html Generations 2016 Deluxe Titan Returns Wave 3 Case of 8. Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$139.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/b7762as02.html Generations 2016 Legend Titans Return Wave 3 case of 8. Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$89.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/b7771as03.html Generations 2016 Titans Return Titan Master Wave 3 Set of 4. Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$89.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/b4697as02.html Takara Transformers Masterpiece MP-35 Masterpiece Grapple with Exclusive Gift. Pre-order, Available in February 2017. US$114.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tftrmp35.html Transformers Takaratomy Mall Exclusive United Warriors UW-EX Megatronia. Pre-order, Available in January 2017. US$139.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/ttmeuwexmegatronia.html Iron Factory IF-EX19 Shadow Tengu. Pre-order, Available in 1st Quarter 2017. US$29.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/ifex19.html Toys Alliance - Mega Action Series MAS-01 - Optimus Prime. Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$159.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tamas01op.html Hasbro Transformers Platinum Edition Unicron (Design-not final). Pre-order, Available in late November 2016. US$129.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/platunicron.html Takara Transformers E-hobby Exclusive Transformers Legends Combo Bat. Pre-order, Available in late December 2016. US$57.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tflgcombobat.html Hasbro Asia Exclusive Masterpiece Soundwave with Exclusive Gift. Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$134.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/asiaemp02.html Takara Transformers Masterpiece MP-34 Masterpiece Cheetor. Pre-order, Available in Jan 2017. US$57.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tftrmp34.html Perfect Effect PE-DX06 Beast Gorira Pre-order, Available in Jam 2017. US$139.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/pedx06.html ________________________________________ #2 New Arrival Gigapower Gigasaurs HQ-02 Grassor Chrome. Available NOW! US$99.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/gphq02.html GCreation Shuraking SRK-02 Growl Limited Rerun. Available NOW! US$94.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/srk02rerun.html Takara Transformers Masterpiece MP-32 Optimus Primal. With Asia Exclusive Hammer! Photos Updated! Available NOW! US$95.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tftrmp32.html Transformers Takaratomy Mall Exclusive United Warriors UW-EX Lynxmaster. Photo Update! Available NOW! US$139.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/ttmeuwex.html Takara Tomy Mall Exclusive Transformers Masterpiece MP-11NT Thrust. Photo Update! Available NOW! US$149.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tftrmp11nt.html Toy World TW-C01B Bulldozer. Available NOW! US$74.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/twc01b.html Toy World TW-C02B Unearth. Available NOW! US$74.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/twc02b.html Generation Toy GT-4 J4ZZ. Available NOW! US$79.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/gt04.html Takara Transformers Robot in Disguise TAV58 Sideswipe & Windstrike set. Available NOW! US$21.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/ridtav58.html Takara Transformers Robot in Disguise TAV59 Ratchet. Available NOW! US$21.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/ridtav59.html Takara Transformers Robot in Disguise TAV60 Bisk. Available NOW! US$21.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/ridtav60.html ________________________________________ #3 Warehouse Found/Restock Items Transformers Fall of Cybertron TG-01 Optimus Prime. US$34.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/takara-tran ... k-now.html Transformers Legends LG-25 Blurr. US$39.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tflg25.html Transformers Legends LG-29 Wheelie & Goshooter. US$23.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tflg29.html Takara Transformers Robot in Disguise TAV-55 Windblade. US$25.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/ridtav55.html Takara Transformers Robot in Disguise TAV-56 New Prime. US$25.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/ridtav56.html Takara Transformers Masterpiece MP-10 - Convoy with Exclusive Coin. US$169.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tftrmp10tre.html SDCC 2014 Exclusive Star Wars Jabba the Hutts Throne Room US$79.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/a81570000.html Star Wars Transformers 2010 - Darth Vader/Anakin + Republi Attack Cruiser/Star Destroyer. US$49.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/sw2010tc007.html Hasbro Transformers Classics Deluxe Bumblebee. US$29.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfcdbb.htmls iGear IG-TF005 Shark 3 Pack. US$69.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/igtf005.html TFC Toys OS-01 Ironwill. USD59.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfcos01.html TFC Toys OS-02 Detective. USD49.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfcos02.html TFC Toys OS-03 Medic. USD59.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfcos03.html TFC Toys Hercules Set of 6. USD249.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfatfcher006.html TFC Toys Hercules - Exgraver. USD52.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfatfcher.html TFC Toys Hercules - Heavylabor. USD52.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfatfcher001.html TFC Toys Hercules - Dr.Crank. USD52.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfatfcher002.html TFC Toys Hercules - Madblender. USD52.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfatfcher005.html TFC Toys Hercules - Neck Breaker. USD52.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfatfcher004.html TFC-007 Rage of Hercules (ROH) Set. USD24.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfatfcher007.html TFC Toys Ares Set of 5. USD249.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfcares.html TFC Toys Ares (aka Predaking) - Nemean. USD89.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfcares001.html TFC Toys Ares (aka Predaking) - Phlogeus (aka Rampage). USD52.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfcares002.html TFC Toys Ares Aethon. USD52.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfcaethon.html TFC Toys Ares Conabus. USD52.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfcconabus.html TFC Toys Ares Phobus. USD52.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfcphobus.html SXS R-02 Overclocking. USD49.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/sxsr02.html ________________________________________ #4 November Upcoming Items. Asia Exclusive Masterpiece Shattered Glass Optimus Prime. Pre-order, Available in late November 2016. US$155. http://www.robotkingdom.com/asiaempsgop.html Takara Transformers Masterpiece MP-33 Masterpiece Inferno . With Asia Exclusive Diecast Figure! Pre-order, Available in November 2016. US$114.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tftrmp33.html Takara Transformers Asia Exclusive Masterpiece MP-11SW Skywarp (Rerun). Pre-order, Available in late November 2016. US$159.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/mp11swre.html Transformers Legends LG-32 - Chromedome. Pre-order, Available in November 2016. US$32.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tflg32.html. Transformers Legends LG-33 - Highbrow. Pre-order, Available in November 2016. US$32.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tflg33-4623.html Transformers Legends LG-34 - Mindwipe. Pre-order, Available in November 2016. US$32.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tflg34.html Perfect Effect PC-14 The Titans Cannon. Pre-order, Available in November 2016. US$24.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/pepc14.html Planet X PX-09 Mors. Photo Update! Pre-order, Available in November 2016. US$79.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/px-10.html Planet X PX-10 Jupiter. Pre-order, Available in November 2016. US$79.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/px-09.html Planet X PX-09 Mors and PX-10 Jupiter. Photo Update! Pre-order, Available in November 2016. US$154.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/px-0910.html Transform Dream Wave TCW-01 Upgrade Set. Pre-order. Available in November 2016. US$44.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tdwtcw01.html Transform Dream Wave TCW-02 Upgrade Set. Pre-order. Available in November 2016. US$44.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tdwtcw02.html Master Made ST-01 Statue Apollo Series (SDT-03 Add On). Pre-order, Available in early November 2016. US$31.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/mmst01.html Second Chance SC-03 Military Commander. Pre-order, Available in Nov/Dec 2017. US$45 http://www.robotkingdom.com/scsc03.html Fans Toys FT-16 Sovereign. Pre-order. Available in November 2016. US$129.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/ftft16.html Hephaistos Works T-01 HM Garage for Titan Returns. Pre-order, Available in November 2016. US$26.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/t01hm.html X-Transbots MX-III Eligos. Pre-order. Available in November 2016. US$149.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/xtmxiiieligos.html Art Storm ES GokinDancouga. Pre-order, Available in November 2016 US$169.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/asesdancouga.html Iron Factory IF-EX14. Pre-order, Available in November 2016! US$54.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/ifex14.html TransFormMission TFM M-02 Carnage. Pre-order, Available in November 2016! US$79.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfmm02.html Garatron G.O.D-01 Thunderstorm. Pre-order. Available in November 2016. US$159.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/god01tds.html Iron Factory IF-EX17L Norimune & 17S Muramasa. Pre-order. Available in November 2016. US$49.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/ifex07ls.html DX9 X18 Bumper. Pre-order, Available in November 2016. US$28.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/dx9x18.html DX9 X19 Quaker. Pre-order, Available in November 2016. US$28.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/dx9x19.html Climax Creatures Series Q-MECH Aggy (Overseas Version). Pre-order, Available in November 2016. US$59.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/wazzupaggyoverseas.html Master Made SDMB-01 Metal Bullet - Overland Battleship with Single High Maneuvering Tank. Pre-order, Available in October 2016! US$64.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/mmssmb01.html NECA - Aliens - 7" Scale Action Figure - 30th Anniversary Ripley & Newt Deluxe 2 Pack. Pre-order, Available in October 2016! US$41.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/necealiens30thsaf.html ________________________________________ #5 Hot Upcoming Preorders! (By Month) TFC Combiner Poseidon P-01 Mentarazor. Pre-order, Available in 3nd quarter 2016! US$74.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfcpp01.html Planet X - PX-01 GENESIS. ***Preorders will come with Genesis Head Tank.*** ***The gift can end anytime without further notice.*** Pre-order. Available in November 2016. US$299 http://www.robotkingdom.com/planetx001re.html TransFormMission TFM M-04 Over Turn. Pre-order, Available in 3rd quarter 2016! US$79.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfmm04.html TransFormMission TFM M-05 Revolt. Pre-order, Available in 3rd quarter 2016! US$79.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfmm05.html Transformers Legends LG-35 Super Ginrai. Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$69.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tflg35.html Transformers Legends LG-36 Soundwave. Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$65.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tflg36.html Transformers Legends LG-37 Jaeger & Bluehorn. Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$15.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tflg37.html Transformers Legends LG-38 -Kontaru & Elfface Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$15.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tflg38.html Transformers Legends LG-39 Brainstorm Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$32.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tflg39.html Transformers Legends LG-40 Astrotrain Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$41.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tflg40.html Takara Diaclone Reboot - Dia-Naughts Set of 8. Pre-order. Available December 2016. US$25.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/diaclone-dns8.html M3 Studio - Pikachu. Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$39.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/ethv01.html DX9 D10 Hanzo (Masterpiece Size). Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$119.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/dx9d10.html DX9 X16 X28 X 29 Box of 3. Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$49.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/dx9x16-28-29.html Yes Model YM-04 Spray. Preorder. Available in December 2016. US$79.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/ym-04.html Yes Model YM-05 Assault. Preorder. Available in December 2016. US$79.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/ym-05.html Toy World TW-M02A Jets. Preorder. Available in December 2016. US$89.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/twm02a.html Toy World TW-M02B Assault. Preorder. Available in December 2016. US$89.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/twm02b.html Toy World TW-M02C Elegy. Preorder. Available in December 2016. US$89.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/twm02c.html DNA DESIGN DK-02 Upgrade Kit for Fortress Maximus. Pre-order, Available in late December 2016. US$46.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/dk02.html DNA DESIGN DK-02M Movable Hand Kits for Metroplex. Pre-order, Available in late December 2016. US$24.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/dk02m.html TFC Combiner Poseidon P-05 Deathclaw. Pre-order, Available in 4th quarter 2016. US$74.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfcpp05.html Fans Toys FT-08 Grinder. Pre-order, Available in December 2016! US$159.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/ftft08.html Fans Toys FT-18 Lupus. Pre-order. Available in December 2016. US$119.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/ft18.html KFC EAVI METAL Phase 11th, A type Stratotanker. Pre-order. Available in December 2016. US$119.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kfcpas.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series - DFS025- Iron Man Mark 2. Pre-order. Available in 4th quarter 2016. US$179.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs025.html Action Toys Transformers 17" Ultimetal UM-02 Ultra Magnus. Pre-order, Available in 4th Quarter 2016. US$849 http://www.robotkingdom.com/atuum.html Takara Diaclone Reboot - Diaclone Powered-Suit System Set A. Pre-order. Available January 2017! US$25.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/diaclone-psssa.html Takara Diaclone Reboot - Diaclone Powered-Suit System Set B. Pre-order. Available January 2017! US$25.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/diaclone-psssb.html DX9 X30 X31 X 32 Box of 3. Pre-order, Available in January 2017. US$49.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/dx9x303132.html Transformers Legends Series - LG41 Leo Prime / Lio Convoy Preorder! Available in February 2017 US$44.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tflg41.html Takara Transformers Movie 10th Anniversary Reissues MB-01 - Classic Optimus Prime Preorder! Available in February 2017 US$39.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfmmb01.html Takara Transformers Movie 10th Anniversary Reissues MB-02 â€“ Bumblebee Preorder! Available in February 2017 US$29.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfmmb02.html Takara Transformers Movie 10th Anniversary Reissues MB-03 â€“ Megatron Preorder! Available in February 2017 US$44.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfmmb03.html Takara Transformers Movie 10th Anniversary Reissues MB-04 â€“ Shockwave Preorder! Available in February 2017 US$44.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfmmb04.html Takara Transformers Movie 10th Anniversary Reissues MB-05 â€“ Ironhide Preorder! Available in February 2017 US$29.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfmmb05.html Takara Transformers Movie 10th Anniversary Reissues MB-06 â€“ Ratchet Preorder! Available in February 2017 US$29.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfmmb06.html Takara Transformers Movie 10th Anniversary Reissues MB-07 â€“ Soundwave Preorder! Available in February 2017 US$44.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfmmb07.html Takara Transformers Movie 10th Anniversary Reissues MB-08 â€“ Starscream Preorder! Available in February 2017 US$44.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfmmb08.html Transformers Takaratomy Mall Exclusive United Warriors UW-EX Baldigus. Photo Update! Preorder. Available in late March 2017. US$139.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/ttmeuwexbaldigus.html Takara Diaclone Reboot â€“ DA-06 Dia-Battles V2 Cosmo Maneuver Type. Pre-order, Available in March 2017 US$159.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/takaradiaclonev2cmt.html Takara Transformers Movie 10th Anniversary Reissues MB-09 - Dinobot Grimlock & Optimus Prime Preorder! Available in March 2017 US$49.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfmmb09.html Takara Transformers Movie 10th Anniversary Reissues MB-10 - Dinobot Strafe & Bumblebee Preorder! Available in March 2017 US$35.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfmmb10.html Takara Transformers Movie 10th Anniversary Reissues MB-11 - Optimus Prime Preorder! Available in March 2017 US$89.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfmmb11.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series - DFS026- Captain America. Pre-order, Available in 1st Quarter 2017. US$112.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs026.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series - DFS027- Iron Man Mark 30. Pre-order, Available in 1st Quarter 2017. US$129.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs027.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series - DFS028- Iron Man Mark 33. Pre-order, Available in 1st Quarter 2017. US$129.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs028.html Fans Toys FT-10 Phoenix. Pre-order. Available in April 2017. US$179.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/ft10.html Fans Toys FT-25 Outrider. Pre-order, Available in May 2017. US$84.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/ft25.html Fans Toys FT-21 Berserk. Pre-order, Available in June 2017. US$124.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/ft21.html King Arts - Avenegers Age of Ultron: 1/9 Scale Iron Man Mark 45 Armor Figure. Preoder.Available in 2nd / 3rd quarter 2016. US$179.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kaaumm45af.html King Arts â€“Avenegers Age of Ultron: 1/9 Scale Iron Man Mark 05 Armor Figure. Pre-order, Available in 2nd/3rdQuarter 2016. US$179.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kaaumm07af-4283.html King Arts â€“Avenegers Age of Ultron: 1/9 Scale Iron Man Mark 07 Armor Figure. Pre-order, Available in 2nd/3rdQuarter 2016. US$179.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kaaumm07af.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series -DFS033- Iron Man Mark 25 Striker . Pre-order. Available in3rd /4thQuarter 2016. US$159.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs033.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series -DFS034- Iron Man Mark 26 Gamma . Pre-order. Available in3rd /4thQuarter 2016. US$159.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs034.html King Arts - Avenegers Age of Ultron: 1/9 Scale Iron Man Mark 15 Armor Figure. Pre-order. Available in 2nd/3rdQuarter 2016. US$159.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kaaumm15.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series * DFS021 * Iron Man Mark6. Pre-order, Available in 3rd/4th quarter 2016 US$159.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs021.html King Arts * KA Scene Series * KSS007 1/9 Mark VI Moving Gantry. Pre-order, Available in 4th quarter 2016 US$269.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kss007.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series * DFS039 * Diecast Action Monger. Pre-order, Available in 4th quarter 2016 US$309.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs39.html King Arts - Avenegers Age of Ultron: 1/9 Diecast Figure Series * DFS011 * Diecast Action Hulkbuster-BD. Pre-order, Available in 2nd quarter 2017. US$799.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs011.html Hot Toys MMS328 Star Wars The Force Awakens Captain Phasma. Pre-order, Available 2nd/3rd Quarter 2016. US$249.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/htmms328.html Hot Toys MMS346 Star Wars The Force Awakens Finn & First Order Riot Control Stormtrooper. Pre-order. Available in 2nd/3rd quarter2016. US$359.99 http://www.robotkingdom.com/htmms346.html Hot Toys MMS337 Star Wars The Force Awakens Rey & BB-8. Pre-order. Available in 2nd quarter2016. US$289.99 http://www.robotkingdom.com/htmms337.html Hot Toys MMS335 Star Wars The Force Awakens First Order Stormtrooper & Officer. Pre-order, Available in 2nd Quarter 2016! US$384.99 http://www.robotkingdom.com/htmms335.html Hot Toys MMS334 Star Wars The Force Awakens First Order Stormtrooper Officer. Pre-order, Available in 2nd Quarter 2016! US$234.99 http://www.robotkingdom.com/htmms334.html Hot Toys VGM20 Battlefront 1/6th Scale Shock Trooper. Pre-order. Available in 2nd/3rd quarter2016. US$229.99 http://www.robotkingdom.com/htvgm20.html Hot Toys MMS347 Movie Masterpiece Deadpool. Pre-order. Available in 2nd/3rd quarter2016. US$234.99 http://www.robotkingdom.com/htmms347.html Hot Toys MMS363 Movie Masterpiece Captain America: Civil War Black Panther. Pre-order, Available in 4th Quarter 2016 US$219.99 http://www.robotkingdom.com/htmms363.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series -DFS041- Iron Man Mark 46. Pre-order, Available in 4th quarter 2016/1st quarter 2017. US$159.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs041.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series -DFS022- Iron Man Mark 4. Pre-order, Available in 4th quarter 2016/1st quarter 2017! US$129.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs022.html King Arts - KA Scene Series - KSS008 - 1/9 Mark IV rotating Gantry. Pre-order, Available in 4th quarter 2016/1st quarter 2017! US$259.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kakss008.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series -DFS030- Iron Man Mark 38. Pre-order, Available in 4th quarter 2016 / 1st quarter 2017. US$219.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs030.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series - DFS017- Iron Man Mark 16. Pre-order, Available in 1st / 2nd quarter 2017. US$159.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs017.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series -DFS023- Iron Man Mark 1. Pre-order, Available in 1st/2nd quarter 2017! US$159.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs023.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series -DFS042- Iron Man Mark 3 War Machine. Pre-order, Available in 1st quarter 2017! US$159.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs042.html Hot Toys MMS353D16 Movie Masterpiece Captain America: Civil War Iron Man Mark 46. Pre-order, Available in 3rd quarter 2017! US$344.99 http://www.robotkingdom.com/htmms353d16.html ________________________________________ Remember to Like our facebook page, we will update the newest Transformers related news for you! https://www.facebook.com/Robotkingdom And, don't forget to check our Just List Items & Restock items! http://www.robotkingdom.com/just-listed ... r=name&p=2 Credit(s): Robot Kingdom Search Got Transformers News? Let us know here! Most Popular Transformers News Top 5 Most Annoying Transformers Toys 28,251 views More Images of Takara Tomy Masterpiece MP-36 Megatron 24,269 views Product Details & Larger Images for Spring 2017 Transformers: Robots in Disguise Toys 22,728 views New Transformers: Robots In Disguise toys revealed; Soundwave, Bludgeon, Blurr, Twinferno, Skywarp 21,093 views Titans Return Twinferno Review 20,752 views Titans Return Wave 3 Voyagers, Legends, Titan Masters Currently In Stock Online + Great Deals on Blaster and Fort Max 19,272 views 50% Off on Generations Leader Toys and Titans Return Fortress Maximus for $110 18,138 views Transformers: The Last Knight Reshoots at Paramount, with Bumblebee and Isabela Moner 17,785 views Most Recent Transformers News TFsource News! MP-36 Megatron, Masterpiece Reissues, Shuraking Hammmer, Sky Reign, Liokaiser & More Posted 6 hours ago Combiner Wars Computron Discounted At TJ Maxx, Titans Return at Marshall's Posted 8 hours ago New Image of Takara Transformers Unite Warriors UW-EX Lunaclub and Moonspade Posted 13 hours ago New Italian Book on 1976-86 GIG Toys, including Diaclone, Micronauts, Transformers Posted 13 hours ago Transformers: Robots in Disguise Gift Bag Found at US Retail Posted 16 hours ago World's First Fan-Built Age of Extinction Optimus Prime Truck Replica Completed, Now Touring Posted 19 hours ago Twincast / Podcast Episode #159 "Imperfect Specks" Posted 22 hours ago Target Offering 15% off Non-Generations Robots in Disguise Figures Through Cartwheel App Posted 1 day ago News Categories: Toy News, Live Action Movie News, Comic Book News, Cartoon News, Site News, Rumors, Digital Media News, Event News, Collectables, Game News, Sponsor News, Store News, Company News, Site Articles, People News, Press Releases, Sightings, Reviews, Unlicensed Products News, Auctions, Interviews, Transtopia, Knock Offs, Editorials, Collector's Club News, Heavy Metal War, Podcast, Contests, Book News, Top Lists Re: Robot Kingdom Newsletter #1350 (1840471) Posted by Dr Va'al on November 11th, 2016 @ 5:07am CST [quote]ROBOTKINGDOM.COM Newsletter #1351 Hi, Here is a quick update from www.robotkingdom.com. 1. Rogue One â€“ A Star Wars Story Items Available NOW! Rogue One A5 size notebook Available on 18th October 2016! For any customers who purchased the Hasbro Rogue One items with USD50 or above, will receive 1 Rogue One A5 size notebook Per Order! Quantity is limited, first come first serve! 2. For any customers who purchased the Hasbro Titans Return Wave 2 items with USD40 or above, will receive 1 Hasbro Exclusive Titans Return Wave 2 Sticker Per Order! https://www.facebook.com/Robotkingdom/p ... 1532325559 3. Free TF Movie 3 Trading Cards for every orders and unsent Preorders! For every USD50 ordered, 4 pack of TF Movie 3 Trading card will be included. For over USD300 Order, A Card Album will also be included! If Any customers do not want the Free Gift Cards, please mention in the remarks section during check out. #1 Hot items Planet X PX-11 Apocalypse. Pre-order Available in 1st quarter 2017. US$279.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/px-11.html Planet X PX-11A Apocalypse Set A. Pre-order Available in 1st quarter 2017. US$149.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/px-11a.html Planet X PX-11B Apocalypse Set B. Pre-order Available in 1st quarter 2017. US$149.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/px-11b.html Star Wars TRU Exclusive Rogue One - A Star Wars Story Black Series 6" Imperial Hovertank Pilot. Pre-order, Available in November 2016 US$32.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/r16inchihp.html Takara Transformers Masterpiece MP-36 Masterpiece Megatron with Exclusive Gift. Pre-order Available in April 2017. US$189.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tftrmp36.html Takara Transformers Masterpiece MP-10 - Convoy with Exclusive Coin. Available now! Why wait? US$169.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tftrmp10tre.html Takara Transformers Masterpiece MP-10 Masterpiece Convoy Rerun with Exclusive Gift. Pre-order Available in April 2017. US$184.5 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tftrmp10tre2.html Takara Transformers Masterpiece MP-11 Masterpiece Coronation Starscream Rerun with Exclusive Gift. Pre-order Available in April 2017. US$109.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tftrmp11re.html Takara Transformers Masterpiece MP-13 Masterpiece Soundwave Rerun with Exclusive Gift. Pre-order Available in April 2017. US$129.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tftrmp13re2.html Takara Transformers Masterpiece MP-15 Masterpiece Rumble & Ravage Rerun with Exclusive Gift. Pre-order Available in April 2017. US$34.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tftrmp15re.html Takara Transformers Masterpiece MP-15 - Rumble & Ravage with Collector Coins. Available now! Why wait? US$39.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tftrmp15.html Star Wars Rogue One - A Star Wars Story Black Series 6" Wave 5 case of 6. Pre-order, Start Shipping on 1st December 2016. US$129.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/b3834as0f.html Star Wars Walmart Exclusive Black Series 3.75â€ Figure 2016 Jyn Erso and Death Trooper Set of 2. Pre-order, Restock in mid November 2016 US$32.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/b4054h06bre.html Star Wars Walmart Exclusive Black Series 3.75â€ Figure 2016 Captain sCassian Endo and Scarif Trooper Set of 2. Pre-order, Restock in mid November 2016 US$32.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/b4054h06c.html Star Wars Walmart Exclusive Black Series 3.75â€ Figure 2016 Wave 2 set of 4. Available NOW! US$59.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/b4054h06a.html Star Wars Walmart Exclusive Rogue One - A Star Wars Story Scarif Trooper. Available NOW! US$24.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/b9608h060.html Star Wars Kmart Exclusive Rogue One - A Star Wars Story Black Series 6â€ Sergeant Jyn Erso(Eadu). Available NOW! US$29.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/b9607h060.html Star Wars Walgreen Exclusive Rogue One - A Star Wars Story Episode 4 C-3P0. Available NOW! US$24.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/c0065h060.html Generations 2016 Leader Titan Returns Wave 3 Sixshot. Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$55.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/b7997as02.html Generations 2016 Titan Returns Voyager Wave 3 G2 Optimus Prime and G1 Megatron set of 2. Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$59.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/b7769as03.html Generations 2016 Deluxe Titan Returns Wave 3 Case of 8. Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$139.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/b7762as02.html Generations 2016 Legend Titans Return Wave 3 case of 8. Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$89.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/b7771as03.html Generations 2016 Titans Return Titan Master Wave 3 Set of 4. Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$89.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/b4697as02.html Takara Transformers Masterpiece MP-35 Masterpiece Grapple with Exclusive Gift. Pre-order, Available in February 2017. US$114.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tftrmp35.html Transformers Takaratomy Mall Exclusive United Warriors UW-EX Megatronia. Pre-order, Available in January 2017. US$139.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/ttmeuwexmegatronia.html S.N.D. Kit for CW white Optimus Prime - The Prafectus Upgrade Kit. Pre-order, Available in November 2016. US$39.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/sndcwwop.html S.N.D.- 03 Primo Nemein. Pre-order, Available in November 2016. US$39.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/snd03.html Iron Factory IF-EX19 Shadow Tengu. Pre-order, Available in 1st Quarter 2017. US$29.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/ifex19.html Toys Alliance - Mega Action Series MAS-01 - Optimus Prime. Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$159.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tamas01op.html Hasbro Transformers Platinum Edition Unicron (Design-not final). Pre-order, Available in late November 2016. US$129.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/platunicron.html Takara Transformers E-hobby Exclusive Transformers Legends Combo Bat. Pre-order, Available in late December 2016. US$57.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tflgcombobat.html Hasbro Asia Exclusive Masterpiece Soundwave with Exclusive Gift. Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$134.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/asiaemp02.html Takara Transformers Masterpiece MP-34 Masterpiece Cheetor. Pre-order, Available in Jan 2017. US$57.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tftrmp34.html Perfect Effect PE-DX06 Beast Gorira Pre-order, Available in Jan 2017. US$139.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/pedx06.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series -DFS062- Ant Man. Pre-order, Available in 1st quarter 2017. US$119.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs062.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series -DFS063- Yellow Jacket. Pre-order, Available in 1st quarter 2017. US$119.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs063.html ________________________________________ #2 New Arrival TFC Combiner Poseidon P-04 Ironshell. Available NOW! US$104.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfcpp04.html Iron Factory IF-EX18 Lordscorpion. Available NOW! US$59.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/ifex18.html Gigapower Gigasaurs HQ-02 Grassor Chrome. Available NOW! US$99.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/gphq02.html Takara Tomy Mall Exclusive Transformers Masterpiece MP-11NT Thrust. Photo Update! Available NOW! US$149.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tftrmp11nt.html ________________________________________ #3 Warehouse Found/Restock Items DX-9 D06 Carry (Masterpiece Size) Reissue. Pre-order, Available in late November/early December 2016. US$129.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/utdx9d06re.html Takara TA-38 Wingblade Optimus Prime. US$79.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/ta38re.html Hasbro Transformers Movie - Legends Autobot Optimus Prime. US$9.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/htmlaop.html Hasbro Transformers Universe Titanium series - Hot Zone. US$34.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfutshz.html Takara Transformers TF2000 D-006 Overland Staff US$39.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tf2000c006.html Takara Transformers TF2000 D-008 Shuttler / Satellite Staff US$34.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tf2000c008.html SDCC 2016 Exclusive Star Wars Black Series 6" Figure Kylo Ren US$49.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/sdcc2016kylo2ndc85.html SDCC 2016 Exclusive Star Wars Black Series 6" Figure Obi-Wan Kenobi US$89.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/sdcc2016obiwanc85.html Marvel Legends 2016 X-men Wave with BAF Juggernant Case of 8. US$169.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/b8344as00.html SDCC 2014 Exclusive Star Wars Jabba the Hutts Throne Room US$79.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/a81570000.html Star Wars Transformers 2010 - Darth Vader/Anakin + Republi Attack Cruiser/Star Destroyer. US$49.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/sw2010tc007.html Hasbro Transformers Classics Deluxe Bumblebee. US$29.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfcdbb.htmls ________________________________________ #4 November Upcoming Items. Asia Exclusive Masterpiece Shattered Glass Optimus Prime. Pre-order, Available in late November 2016. US$155. http://www.robotkingdom.com/asiaempsgop.html Takara Transformers Masterpiece MP-33 Masterpiece Inferno . With Asia Exclusive Diecast Figure! Pre-order, Available in November 2016. US$114.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tftrmp33.html Takara Transformers Asia Exclusive Masterpiece MP-11SW Skywarp (Rerun). Pre-order, Available in late November 2016. US$159.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/mp11swre.html Transformers Legends LG-32 - Chromedome. Pre-order, Available in November 2016. US$32.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tflg32.html. Transformers Legends LG-33 - Highbrow. Pre-order, Available in November 2016. US$32.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tflg33-4623.html Transformers Legends LG-34 - Mindwipe. Pre-order, Available in November 2016. US$32.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tflg34.html Perfect Effect PC-14 The Titans Cannon. Pre-order, Available in November 2016. US$24.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/pepc14.html Planet X PX-09 Mors. Photo Update! Pre-order, Available in November 2016. US$79.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/px-10.html Planet X PX-10 Jupiter. Pre-order, Available in November 2016. US$79.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/px-09.html Planet X PX-09 Mors and PX-10 Jupiter. Photo Update! Pre-order, Available in November 2016. US$154.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/px-0910.html Transform Dream Wave TCW-01 Upgrade Set. Pre-order. Available in November 2016. US$44.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tdwtcw01.html Transform Dream Wave TCW-02 Upgrade Set. Pre-order. Available in November 2016. US$44.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tdwtcw02.html Master Made ST-01 Statue Apollo Series (SDT-03 Add On). Pre-order, Available in early November 2016. US$31.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/mmst01.html Second Chance SC-03 Military Commander. Pre-order, Available in Nov/Dec 2017. US$45 http://www.robotkingdom.com/scsc03.html Fans Toys FT-16 Sovereign. Pre-order. Available in November 2016. US$129.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/ftft16.html Hephaistos Works T-01 HM Garage for Titan Returns. Pre-order, Available in November 2016. US$26.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/t01hm.html Art Storm ES GokinDancouga. Pre-order, Available in November 2016 US$169.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/asesdancouga.html Iron Factory IF-EX14. Pre-order, Available in November 2016! US$54.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/ifex14.html TransFormMission TFM M-02 Carnage. Pre-order, Available in November 2016! US$79.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfmm02.html Garatron G.O.D-01 Thunderstorm. Pre-order. Available in November 2016. US$159.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/god01tds.html Iron Factory IF-EX17L Norimune & 17S Muramasa. Pre-order. Available in November 2016. US$49.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/ifex07ls.html DX9 X18 Bumper. Pre-order, Available in November 2016. US$28.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/dx9x18.html DX9 X19 Quaker. Pre-order, Available in November 2016. US$28.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/dx9x19.html Climax Creatures Series Q-MECH Aggy (Overseas Version). Pre-order, Available in November 2016. US$59.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/wazzupaggyoverseas.html Master Made SDMB-01 Metal Bullet - Overland Battleship with Single High Maneuvering Tank. Pre-order, Available in October 2016! US$64.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/mmssmb01.html NECA - Aliens - 7" Scale Action Figure - 30th Anniversary Ripley & Newt Deluxe 2 Pack. Pre-order, Available in October 2016! US$41.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/necealiens30thsaf.html ________________________________________ #5 Hot Upcoming Preorders! (By Month) TFC Combiner Poseidon P-01 Mentarazor. Pre-order, Available in 3nd quarter 2016! US$74.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfcpp01.html Planet X - PX-01 GENESIS. ***Preorders will come with Genesis Head Tank.*** ***The gift can end anytime without further notice.*** Pre-order. Available in November 2016. US$299 http://www.robotkingdom.com/planetx001re.html TransFormMission TFM M-04 Over Turn. Pre-order, Available in 3rd quarter 2016! US$79.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfmm04.html TransFormMission TFM M-05 Revolt. Pre-order, Available in 3rd quarter 2016! US$79.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfmm05.html Transformers Legends LG-35 Super Ginrai. Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$69.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tflg35.html Transformers Legends LG-36 Soundwave. Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$65.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tflg36.html Transformers Legends LG-37 Jaeger & Bluehorn. Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$15.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tflg37.html Transformers Legends LG-38 -Kontaru & Elfface Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$15.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tflg38.html Transformers Legends LG-39 Brainstorm Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$32.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tflg39.html Transformers Legends LG-40 Astrotrain Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$41.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/tflg40.html Takara Diaclone Reboot - Dia-Naughts Set of 8. Pre-order. Available December 2016. US$25.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/diaclone-dns8.html X-Transbots MX-III Eligos. Pre-order. Available in December 2016. US$149.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/xtmxiiieligos.html M3 Studio - Pikachu. Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$39.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/ethv01.html DX9 D10 Hanzo (Masterpiece Size). Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$119.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/dx9d10.html DX9 X16 X28 X 29 Box of 3. Pre-order, Available in December 2016. US$49.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/dx9x16-28-29.html Yes Model YM-04 Spray. Preorder. Available in December 2016. US$79.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/ym-04.html Yes Model YM-05 Assault. Preorder. Available in December 2016. US$79.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/ym-05.html Yes Model YM-06 Wail. Preorder. Available in December 2016. US$79.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/ym-06.html Toy World TW-M02A Jets. Preorder. Available in December 2016. US$89.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/twm02a.html Toy World TW-M02B Assault. Preorder. Available in December 2016. US$89.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/twm02b.html Toy World TW-M02C Elegy. Preorder. Available in December 2016. US$89.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/twm02c.html DNA DESIGN DK-02 Upgrade Kit for Fortress Maximus. Pre-order, Available in late December 2016. US$46.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/dk02.html DNA DESIGN DK-02M Movable Hand Kits for Metroplex. Pre-order, Available in late December 2016. US$24.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/dk02m.html TFC Combiner Poseidon P-05 Deathclaw. Pre-order, Available in 4th quarter 2016. US$74.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfcpp05.html Fans Toys FT-08 Grinder. Pre-order, Available in December 2016! US$159.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/ftft08.html Fans Toys FT-18 Lupus. Pre-order. Available in December 2016. US$119.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/ft18.html KFC EAVI METAL Phase 11th, A type Stratotanker. Pre-order. Available in December 2016. US$119.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kfcpas.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series - DFS025- Iron Man Mark 2. Pre-order. Available in 4th quarter 2016. US$179.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs025.html Action Toys Transformers 17" Ultimetal UM-02 Ultra Magnus. Pre-order, Available in 4th Quarter 2016. US$849 http://www.robotkingdom.com/atuum.html Takara Diaclone Reboot - Diaclone Powered-Suit System Set A. Pre-order. Available January 2017! US$25.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/diaclone-psssa.html Takara Diaclone Reboot - Diaclone Powered-Suit System Set B. Pre-order. Available January 2017! US$25.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/diaclone-psssb.html DX9 X30 X31 X 32 Box of 3. Pre-order, Available in January 2017. US$49.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/dx9x303132.html Transformers Legends Series - LG41 Leo Prime / Lio Convoy Preorder! Available in February 2017 US$44.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tflg41.html Takara Transformers Movie 10th Anniversary Reissues MB-01 - Classic Optimus Prime Preorder! Available in February 2017 US$39.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfmmb01.html Takara Transformers Movie 10th Anniversary Reissues MB-02 â€“ Bumblebee Preorder! Available in February 2017 US$29.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfmmb02.html Takara Transformers Movie 10th Anniversary Reissues MB-03 â€“ Megatron Preorder! Available in February 2017 US$44.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfmmb03.html Takara Transformers Movie 10th Anniversary Reissues MB-04 â€“ Shockwave Preorder! Available in February 2017 US$44.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfmmb04.html Takara Transformers Movie 10th Anniversary Reissues MB-05 â€“ Ironhide Preorder! Available in February 2017 US$29.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfmmb05.html Takara Transformers Movie 10th Anniversary Reissues MB-06 â€“ Ratchet Preorder! Available in February 2017 US$29.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfmmb06.html Takara Transformers Movie 10th Anniversary Reissues MB-07 â€“ Soundwave Preorder! Available in February 2017 US$44.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfmmb07.html Takara Transformers Movie 10th Anniversary Reissues MB-08 â€“ Starscream Preorder! Available in February 2017 US$44.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfmmb08.html Transformers Takaratomy Mall Exclusive United Warriors UW-EX Baldigus. Photo Update! Preorder. Available in late March 2017. US$139.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/ttmeuwexbaldigus.html Takara Diaclone Reboot â€“ DA-06 Dia-Battles V2 Cosmo Maneuver Type. Pre-order, Available in March 2017 US$159.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/takaradiaclonev2cmt.html Takara Transformers Movie 10th Anniversary Reissues MB-09 - Dinobot Grimlock & Optimus Prime Preorder! Available in March 2017 US$49.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfmmb09.html Takara Transformers Movie 10th Anniversary Reissues MB-10 - Dinobot Strafe & Bumblebee Preorder! Available in March 2017 US$35.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfmmb10.html Takara Transformers Movie 10th Anniversary Reissues MB-11 - Optimus Prime Preorder! Available in March 2017 US$89.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/tfmmb11.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series - DFS026- Captain America. Pre-order, Available in 1st Quarter 2017. US$112.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs026.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series - DFS027- Iron Man Mark 30. Pre-order, Available in 1st Quarter 2017. US$129.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs027.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series - DFS028- Iron Man Mark 33. Pre-order, Available in 1st Quarter 2017. US$129.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs028.html Fans Toys FT-10 Phoenix. Pre-order. Available in April 2017. US$179.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/ft10.html Fans Toys FT-25 Outrider. Pre-order, Available in May 2017. US$84.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/ft25.html Fans Toys FT-21 Berserk. Pre-order, Available in June 2017. US$124.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/ft21.html King Arts - Avenegers Age of Ultron: 1/9 Scale Iron Man Mark 45 Armor Figure. Preoder.Available in 2nd / 3rd quarter 2016. US$179.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kaaumm45af.html King Arts â€“Avenegers Age of Ultron: 1/9 Scale Iron Man Mark 05 Armor Figure. Pre-order, Available in 2nd/3rdQuarter 2016. US$179.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kaaumm07af-4283.html King Arts â€“Avenegers Age of Ultron: 1/9 Scale Iron Man Mark 07 Armor Figure. Pre-order, Available in 2nd/3rdQuarter 2016. US$179.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kaaumm07af.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series -DFS033- Iron Man Mark 25 Striker . Pre-order. Available in3rd /4thQuarter 2016. US$159.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs033.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series -DFS034- Iron Man Mark 26 Gamma . Pre-order. Available in3rd /4thQuarter 2016. US$159.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs034.html King Arts - Avenegers Age of Ultron: 1/9 Scale Iron Man Mark 15 Armor Figure. Pre-order. Available in 2nd/3rdQuarter 2016. US$159.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kaaumm15.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series * DFS021 * Iron Man Mark6. Pre-order, Available in 3rd/4th quarter 2016 US$159.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs021.html King Arts * KA Scene Series * KSS007 1/9 Mark VI Moving Gantry. Pre-order, Available in 4th quarter 2016 US$269.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kss007.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series * DFS039 * Diecast Action Monger. Pre-order, Available in 4th quarter 2016 US$309.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs39.html King Arts - Avenegers Age of Ultron: 1/9 Diecast Figure Series * DFS011 * Diecast Action Hulkbuster-BD. Pre-order, Available in 2nd quarter 2017. US$799.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs011.html Hot Toys MMS328 Star Wars The Force Awakens Captain Phasma. Pre-order, Available 2nd/3rd Quarter 2016. US$249.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/htmms328.html Hot Toys MMS346 Star Wars The Force Awakens Finn & First Order Riot Control Stormtrooper. Pre-order. Available in 2nd/3rd quarter2016. US$359.99 http://www.robotkingdom.com/htmms346.html Hot Toys MMS337 Star Wars The Force Awakens Rey & BB-8. Pre-order. Available in 2nd quarter2016. US$289.99 http://www.robotkingdom.com/htmms337.html Hot Toys MMS335 Star Wars The Force Awakens First Order Stormtrooper & Officer. Pre-order, Available in 2nd Quarter 2016! US$384.99 http://www.robotkingdom.com/htmms335.html Hot Toys MMS334 Star Wars The Force Awakens First Order Stormtrooper Officer. Pre-order, Available in 2nd Quarter 2016! US$234.99 http://www.robotkingdom.com/htmms334.html Hot Toys VGM20 Battlefront 1/6th Scale Shock Trooper. Pre-order. Available in 2nd/3rd quarter2016. US$229.99 http://www.robotkingdom.com/htvgm20.html Hot Toys MMS347 Movie Masterpiece Deadpool. Pre-order. Available in 2nd/3rd quarter2016. US$234.99 http://www.robotkingdom.com/htmms347.html Hot Toys MMS363 Movie Masterpiece Captain America: Civil War Black Panther. Pre-order, Available in 4th Quarter 2016 US$219.99 http://www.robotkingdom.com/htmms363.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series -DFS041- Iron Man Mark 46. Pre-order, Available in 4th quarter 2016/1st quarter 2017. US$159.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs041.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series -DFS022- Iron Man Mark 4. Pre-order, Available in 4th quarter 2016/1st quarter 2017! US$129.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs022.html King Arts - KA Scene Series - KSS008 - 1/9 Mark IV rotating Gantry. Pre-order, Available in 4th quarter 2016/1st quarter 2017! US$259.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kakss008.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series -DFS030- Iron Man Mark 38. Pre-order, Available in 4th quarter 2016 / 1st quarter 2017. US$219.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs030.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series - DFS017- Iron Man Mark 16. Pre-order, Available in 1st / 2nd quarter 2017. US$159.9. http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs017.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series -DFS023- Iron Man Mark 1. Pre-order, Available in 1st/2nd quarter 2017! US$159.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs023.html King Arts - 1/9 Diecast Figure Series -DFS042- Iron Man Mark 3 War Machine. Pre-order, Available in 1st quarter 2017! US$159.9 http://www.robotkingdom.com/kadfs042.html Hot Toys MMS353D16 Movie Masterpiece Captain America: Civil War Iron Man Mark 46. Pre-order, Available in 3rd quarter 2017! US$344.99 http://www.robotkingdom.com/htmms353d16.html ________________________________________ Remember to Like our facebook page, we will update the newest Transformers related news for you! https://www.facebook.com/Robotkingdom And, don't forget to check our Just List Items & Restock items! http://www.robotkingdom.com/just-listed ... l?___SID=U Robotkingdom Crew www.robotkingdom.com[/quote] Transformers News TFsource News! MP-36 Megatron, Masterpiece Reissues, Shuraking Hammmer, Sky Reign, Liokaiser & MoreTFsource News! MP-36 Megatron, Masterpiece Reissues, Shuraking Hammmer, Sky Reign, Liokaiser & More Combiner Wars Computron Discounted At TJ Maxx, Titans Return at Marshall'sCombiner Wars Computron Discounted At TJ Maxx, Titans Return at Marshall's New Image of Takara Transformers Unite Warriors UW-EX Lunaclub and MoonspadeNew Image of Takara Transformers Unite Warriors UW-EX Lunaclub and Moonspade New Italian Book on 1976-86 GIG Toys, including Diaclone, Micronauts, TransformersNew Italian Book on 1976-86 GIG Toys, including Diaclone, Micronauts, Transformers Transformers: Robots in Disguise Gift Bag Found at US RetailTransformers: Robots in Disguise Gift Bag Found at US Retail World's First Fan-Built Age of Extinction Optimus Prime Truck Replica Completed, Now TouringWorld's First Fan-Built Age of Extinction Optimus Prime Truck Replica Completed, Now Touring Twincast / Podcast Episode #159 "Imperfect Specks"Twincast / Podcast Episode #159 "Imperfect Specks" Ending Soon On eBay Twincast / Podcast #159: "Imperfect Specks" MP3 · iTunes · RSS · View · Discuss · Ask Posted: Saturday, November 12th, 2016 The Ultimate Caption ContestLatest: Machinima's Transformers Combiner Wars Poster Google Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer Safari Opera Compatible with the latest versions of the world's most popular browsers. Report problems you experience here. Seibertron.com - The Ultimate Transformers Fansite Main Sections Transformers News Transformers Toys Section Transformers Toy Galleries Energon Pub Forums Transformers Films Transformers Database Cartoons & Comics Transformers Related Events Heavy Metal War Game Social Network News Section View All News Toy News Comic Book News Cartoon News Rumors Podcasts Multimedia News Submit News RSS Feeds Multimedia Content Transformers: Earth Wars Game Listen to our Podcast Twincast/Podcast RSS Feed Twincast/Podcast on iTunes Video Game Forum DVD Set Galleries Region Free DVDs? Here's how! Seibertron.com on YouTube Toys Section View Toy News Transformers Toys Forum Transformers Toy Sightings Buy, Sell or Trade Forum View All Galleries (A - Z) Newest Galleries Most Popular Galleries Transformers Movie Toys Transformers Prime Generations, Reveal The Shield Transformers eBay Auctions Seibertron.com's Store on eBay We Buy Collections! Live Action Movies TF5 The Last Knight News Movie Toy Galleries Movie Related Galleries Live Action Movies Forum Events Event News View All Events NYCC 2016 TFNation 2016 SDCC 2016 BotCon 2016 Toy Fair 2016 Transformers Exhibit 2015 Transformers The Ride - 3D Cartoons & Comics Cartoons & Comics Forum View Cartoon Related News Comic Book News Transformers: Mosaic Ultimate Caption Contest Social Network Join Seibertron.com Message Board Like us on Facebook Tweet us on Twitter Add us on Google+ Discover us on Myspace View us on Instagram Connect with us on LinkedIn Watch us on YouTube Visit our store on eBay Miscellaneous Privacy Policy About Contact Us Submit News Translate Join Sign in Seibertron.com is an unofficial Transformers fansite. It is not associated with nor endorsed by Hasbro or Takara Tomy. Transformers® is a registered trademark of Hasbro, Inc. Visit Transformers.com to view Hasbro's official Transformers website or visit Takara Tomy's official Transformers website. In order to comply with the FTC's endorsement guidelines, we hereby inform this site's viewers that we occasionally receive sample products, content, or other forms of media from various companies in order for us to provide content of interest to our readers. Some of the content on this site are sponsored posts for which we have been compensated. Some of the links to external sites posted on this site may automatically be converted to an affiliate link for which we may be compensated. 5,503 pages were recently viewed by 592 unique visitors. This page loaded in 0.06302 seconds and was viewed 1 times on Monday, November 14th 2016 7:05pm CST © 2016 Seibertron, Inc. DBA Seibertron.com. All Rights Reserved. Established June 2000. Seibertron.com is owned by Ryan Yzquierdo.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Business Life Opinion Obituaries Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Desert Magazine Insider Desert Outlook Archives USA TODAY Media More Home News Sports Business Life Opinion Obituaries Weather Desert Magazine Insider Desert Outlook Archives USA TODAY Media Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest CV Rep opens new Producer's Club at theatre location Coachella Valley Repertory held grand opening ribbon cutting for their new Producer's Club Post to Facebook CV Rep opens new Producer's Club at theatre location Coachella Valley Repertory held grand opening ribbon cutting for their new Producer's Club  Check out this story on desertsun.com: http://desert.sn/2fxJUeD {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. CV Rep opens new Producer's Club at theatre location Darby Wright , TDS 4:54 p.m. PST November 7, 2016 Your Business Your News CVRep Board Chair Gary D. Hall and Founding Artistic Director Ron Celona share the honors of cutting the ribbon on the new Producers Club. Also shown are (L-R): CVRep VP of Development Andrea Spirtos, CFRE; CVRep Board Member David Cohan; CVRep Development Director Barbara Wolser; from the City of Cathedral City, Councilmember Shelley Kaplan, Mayor Stan Henry, Councilmember Mark Carnevale; and CVRep Board Secretary Scott Sherman. (Photo: Submitted photo) Openings, innovations & renovations Coachella Valley Repertory (CVRep) recently held a ribbon cutting ceremony and open house for their new Producer’s Club at their Rancho Mirage Theatre. On hand for the October 24th ceremony were Cathedral City Mayor Stan Henry, Mayor Pro-Tem Greg Pettis, and Council-members Shelley Kaplan and Mark Carnevale; members of both the Palm Desert and Cathedral City Chambers of Commerce, and several longtime supporters of CVRep including Linda Rider, Gerald Green and Vern Kozlen. Members of the CVRep Producers Club can use the room prior to and at intermissions at their performances, plus attend special dinners and afternoon teas. Atma Wiseman Interiors designed the Producers Club for CVRep. Wiseman is a member of the CVRep Board of Directors. For more information on the CVRep Producers Club (760) 296-2966 or email info@cvrep.org. Previous: CVRep story on future Cathedral City theater purchase Walmart opened its first training academy in California on November 1 at the Walmart Supercenter located at 79295 Highway 111 in La Quinta. Academies are a dedicated facility located in, or adjacent to, a Walmart Supercenter where hourly supervisors and department managers will receive two weeks of hands-on training that combines both the classroom and the sales floor. Walmart has created a new end-to-end training program called Pathways for associates at all levels of store operations, from entry-level to Regional General Manager. Hourly frontline supervisors and department managers will attend a dedicated two-week training program at the academy facility as part of Pathways. Braille Institute Rancho Mirage announced that it will unveil its newly updated and remodeled teaching kitchen in a special community ceremony on 10 a.m. November 10. The fully remodeled kitchen features both gas and electric stovetops, typical kitchen storage and sinks, and other appliances that the average person has in their own kitchen. To help students regain confidence in the kitchen, the Braille Institute Rancho Mirage Kitchen Confidence instructors highlight topics such as safely pouring hot liquids, kitchen organization and food safety, lighting suggestions, and how to identify, mark and label foods. In addition, students get hands-on experience applying the new skills to meal preparation. Kitchen Confidence class instructors’ offer free programming in English and Spanish to any Coachella Valley resident who experiences vision loss. The instructors combine general kitchen safety lessons with creative tips to adapt traditional cooking techniques. The relaunched Kitchen Confidence program is available year-round. Although there is no fee to participate, students must register with Braille Institute by calling (760) 321-1111 or by visiting the center located at 70251 Ramon Road in Rancho Mirage. CV Link, has been recommended to receive $24.3 million in active transportation funding from the State of California, officials have announced. This is the largest single award announced for the valley’s multi-modal transportation corridor, and it ensures that the project’s construction can be funded from Palm Springs to Coachella. The grant was recommended to be funded by the California Transportation Commission (CTC) staff, which identified 50 projects statewide that should receive $158 million from the 2017 Active Transportation Program. CV Link received 89.5 points and topped the statewide list in terms of the amount of funding allocated. The CTC staff recommendations will be presented to the California Transportation Commission for approval in December. Previous story and video interviews on CV Link funding Philanthropy Desert Healthcare District, a local government agency that provides health-related community grants, recently approved funding to LifeStream Prostate Cancer Treatment Program to purchase new advanced cellular collection technology. The grant will allow LifeStream to expand its “autologous cellular immunotherapy” program, an FDA-approved treatment regimen proven to prolong the lives of prostate cancer patients. The apheresis machine, Optia, collects mononuclear cellular products from men with advanced forms of prostate cancer, which are then processed and transformed into cancer-fighting cells that are returned to the patient. Optia uses the patient’s own immune cells and reprograms them to attack existing cancer cells. This treatment is proven to prolong the lives of these men. Recognition Designed to rate how well hospitals protect patients from accidents, errors, injuries and infections, the latest Hospital Safety Score honored Eisenhower Medical Center, in Rancho Mirage with an “A,” the top grade in patient safety. The Hospital Safety Score is compiled under the guidance of the nation’s leading experts on patient safety and is administered by The Leapfrog Group (Leapfrog), an independent industry watchdog. The Hospital Safety Score is fully transparent, offering a full analysis of the data and methodology used in determining grades on the website. Patients can also review their hospital’s past safety performance alongside its current grade on the Hospital Safety Score site.To see Eisenhower Medical Center’s full score, and to access safety tips for patients and their loved ones, visit the Hospital Safety Score website at www.hospitalsafetyscore.org. Previous story: Loma Linda Children's Hospital groundbreaking in Indio Darby Wright  (Photo: Desert Sun) Submit your business announcement to Darby.Wright@DesertSun.com CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://desert.sn/2fxJUeD TOP VIDEOS Donald Trump’s victory sends U.S. dollar soaring 2:24 Bill Cosby: Hopes of resuming illustrious career 0:26 Closing Bell: Emerging markets decline on Trump Win 1:08 Procter & Gamble merges beauty business with Coty 3:19 Gadget Makers Target Health At CES Unveiled 1:41 Chinese spend billions on singles day 0:55 McDonald's Workers Share Birthday and Last Name 1:44 Try out Google's Daydream View 1:47 UAW President would welcome meeting with Trump 0:46 Chinese company launches Single's Day shopping festival 0:48 More Stories Eagles of Death Metal manager says members weren't denied entry at Paris theater Nov. 14, 2016, 11:02 a.m. Largest shuffleboard club in California resumes play Nov. 14, 2016, 10:27 a.m. How Genetic Testing Could Save You from Your Family Nov. 14, 2016, 3:20 p.m.
0 0 Share with your friends Your Name Your Email Recipient Email Enter a Message I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called Black Friday Deals: Walmart, Amazon, Sam’s Club offers on iPhones and iPads  and is located at  http://www.pc-tablet.co.in/black-friday-deals-walmart-amazon-sams-club-offers-iphones-ipads/51591/. Captcha Submit Videos Tech Apps Telecom Science Business Social Auto Reviews How-To’s Featured Search 16 C India Tuesday, November 15, 2016 About Team Advertise Contact Careers Privacy T&C Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. PC-Tablet Videos Tech Apps Telecom Science Business Social Auto Reviews How-To’s Featured Black Friday Deals: Walmart, Amazon, Sam’s Club offers on iPhones and iPads By Anand Narayanaswamy - 10/11/2016 Black Friday falls on November 25. US-based retail giants Walmart and Sam’s Club have launched special deals as part of the upcoming Black Friday. According to sources, Apple products will be provided with big discounts with free gift cards. Recently, Sam’s Club had published a 12-page advertisement regarding Black Friday 2016 deals. The retailer has featured crazy iPad and iPhone deals in “Sam’s Club Lowest Prices of the Season” ad. Black Friday great discounts for iPhone 7 on November 22 You can expect to get great discounts on iPhone 7 at the special sale event on November 22. According to analysts, potential customers should not miss the discount. The retailer has featured the best deal on the flagship Apple iPad Pro 9.7. You will be able to save $175 on the iPad Pro during the special November 12 sale at Sam’s Club. Even though the Wi-Fi and smartphone models are part of the deal, the 32GB has been excluded from the discounts. Sams Club is offering discounts for iPhone on November 12. Black Friday purchase gives you free $250 gift card with each order You can also expect great deals on the newly launched iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, and iPhone SE. Moreover, you will be eligible to get a free $250 gift card from the retailer if you purchase on November 12. You can use the value of the card for additional purchases on Black Friday. Sam’s Club Black Friday deals only available offline You should note that the Black Friday 2016 deals on iPhones are only available in Sam’s Club stores and will not be available online. Hence, you need a physical presence at the store location. You can expect more great deals on November 22. However, we don’t have any confirmation about the level of discounts. If you would like to buy online, you need to wait till 12.01 AM on November 24 since the Sam’s Club Black Friday 2016 sale kicks off from that date. The physical stores will open on November 25, 7AM. Black Friday deals offered by Walmart You can buy a 16GB variant of iPhone 6 for $399, which is a huge discount from the original $549. You can buy a Silver color variant of Apple iPhone 6 Plus for $499 instead of $749. The 8GB iPhone 5c AT&T-locked model is available for $229. If you would like to buy Sprint-locked model, it will be on sale for $239. Meanwhile, e-commerce giant Amazon has also launched an exclusive Black Friday Deals Store, which features cloths, computers, electronics, toys, games, sports and other related products at steep discounts. You will be able to find new deals every day until December 22. Amazon also offers products under upcoming deals that feature select items available only for members of Amazon Prime program. We also expect Amazon to introduce exclusive Black Friday deals from November 21 to 25. Anand Narayanaswamy RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Reliance Jio now targets DTH, broadband services after 4G LTE Demonetization effect: Real-time site helps you locate working ATMs easily iPhone 7 burns pregnant mother in Sydney OnePlus Pixel, not OnePlus 3T appears on benchmarking site with Android 7.1 Nougat Samsung Galaxy S6, S6 Edge to reportedly receive Android 7.0 Nougat update soon Microsoft Surface Phone 2017: Upcoming smartphone to rival iPhone 8 and Samsung Galaxy S8 Your Google Pixel can be hacked within 60 seconds iPhone 7 Jet Black on massive discount of up to Rs 23500 Facebook testing public group chat feature Rooms in select markets LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Social Karma! 30,128FansLike 1,127FollowersFollow 11,093FollowersFollow 5,560SubscribersSubscribe Latest Smartphones Huawei Honor Pad 2 Huawei Honor 6X Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Xiaomi Redmi 4 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate 9 Porsche Design Flagship smartphones under 5.5 inches display to buy in India Best iPhone 7 Plus covers and cases Wedding.net: A comprehensive portal to plan your wedding Here’s how you can stay updated with US President election 2016 results Best Slack alternatives for Windows and MacOS worth giving a try Best Blogging platforms to start your blog for free Subscribe to our YouTube Channel PC-Tablet 199 videos 607713 views 5561 subscribers Show playlists Videos Giveaway Laptop/ Tablet Reviews Tech Minutes Smartphones Comparison Camera Reviews Gaming & Performance Reviews Things To Know Accessories & Peripherals Wearable Reviews Audio Accessories Unboxing & Initial Impressions Smartphone Reviews Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Gearbest deals Alert! Redmi Note 3 Pro, Asus Zenfone 2, Mi earphones and more under $150 Global warming is already affecting nearly all life on Earth Reliance Jio now targets DTH, broadband services after 4G LTE Demonetization effect: Real-time site helps you locate working ATMs easily iPhone 7 burns pregnant mother in Sydney OnePlus Pixel, not OnePlus 3T appears on benchmarking site with Android 7.1 Nougat Follow us on Instagram @pctabletin ABOUT USPC-Tablet is a fast emerging online news media publication portal with an aim of providing instantaneous coverage of latest technology market trends. Contact us: editor@pc-tablet.co.in FOLLOW US About Team Advertise Contact Careers Privacy T&C © 2016 Copyright. All Rights Reserved. Owned by Sprouts Media. Open SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL FOR LATEST TECH UPDATES & GADGETS REVIEWS!
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Walmart sued for selling fake 'Egyptian cotton' sheets Jonathan Stempel, Reuters Nov. 9, 2016, 12:26 PM 1,606 facebook linkedin twitter email print Thomson Reuters Wal-Mart Stores Inc was sued on Tuesday on behalf of consumers who said the world's largest retailer sold products falsely labeled "100 % Egyptian Cotton" from an Indian textile company for many years after it first became suspicious of their origin. According to the complaint, Wal-Mart questioned the fiber content of Welspun India Ltd's <WLSP.NS> products as early as 2008, but waited until two months ago to halt sales of its mislabeled Egyptian cotton bed linens, following a similar halt by Target Corp <TGT.N>. The plaintiff, Dorothy Monahan of Michigan, said she overpaid at a Wal-Mart for Better Homes and Gardens bed linens made by Welspun that she thought were made of Egyptian cotton, and therefore higher quality than cheaper bed linens. She accused Wal-Mart of violating U.S. laws governing textile fiber labeling and advertising, and is seeking damages for everyone who has bought bed linens at Wal-Mart made by Welspun and labeled "100% Egyptian Cotton." "We plan to vigorously defend the company," a Wal-Mart spokesman said. He said the retailer removed such products after conducting a comprehensive review nearly two months ago and since then has offered customers a full refund. A lawyer for Monahan did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Monahan is represented by the law firm Hagens Berman Sobol Shapiro, whose specialties include product liability. Her complaint was filed with the U.S. District Court in Manhattan. Egyptian cotton typically commands premiums from shoppers because its long cotton fibers contribute to a finer, lighter, softer and more durable fabric. Although the United States and Australia produce more high-end cotton, the Egyptian product has retained its prestige because of the northeast African country's long history of growing it. Wal-Mart has also sold Welspun bed linen under the "Canopy" name, and in September called "unacceptable" the Indian company's inability to assure that its products were 100 percent Egyptian cotton. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer nonetheless decided to work with Welspun to improve quality control and labeling, rather than cut ties. Other U.S. retailers, including Bed Bath & Beyond Inc <BBBY.O> and J.C. Penney Co <JCP.N>, also began reviewing their ties to Welspun after Target's announcement. The case is Monahan v Wal-Mart Stores Inc, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 16-08662. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in Washington, D.C.,; Editing by Andrew Hay and Dan Grebler) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2016. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power European privacy regulators to scrutinize WhatsApp privacy switch Transplant recipients who resume smoking have shorter survival NOW WATCH: How to pick the perfect watch for the office and the weekend Loading video... More: Walmart walmart egyptian cotton sheets egyptian cotton sheets facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Walmart sued for selling fake 'Egyptian cotton' sheets Walmart sued for selling fake 'Egyptian cotton' sheets Wal-Mart Stores Inc was sued on Tuesday on... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Retail Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Retail Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Nikkei ▲ 17640.36 -0.18%   Hang Seng ▲ 22222.22 -1.37%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 21/32 yield 2.188%   Crude Oil ▲ 43.72 0.92%   Yen ▲ 107.88 -0.49%   DJIA ▲ 18868.69 0.11%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Samsung Charges Into Auto Tech With $8 Billion Deal for Harman Regency Centers Nearing Deal to Buy Equity One for About $5 Billion Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics Amid Push to Digitize Factories U.S. Businesses Bet on Which Trump Will Govern Buffett’s Berkshire Invests in Airlines Google to Bar Fake-News Websites From Using Its Ad-Selling Software American Apparel Returns to Bankruptcy With Deal to Sell Brand Clinical Trial Succeeds for Injectable Opioid-Dependence Treatment Reynolds Wants More After Rejecting BAT’s Initial Takeover Bid Korea Line Outbids Hyundai Merchant for Hanjin Shipping Assets Advance Auto Parts Logs Better-Than-Expected Same-Store Sales Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Retail Federation Watching for Donald Trump’s Trade Policy ‘Anything that threatens two-way trade can hurt retail and consumers,’ industry group official says By Sarah Nassauer Sarah Nassauer The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographySarah Nassauer @sarahnassauer sarahnassauer Sarah.Nassauer@wsj.com Nov. 9, 2016 11:06 a.m. ET The National Retail Federation is keeping a close eye on how President-elect Donald Trump might alter cross-border trade, tax policy and labor laws. “The retail supply chain is a thoroughly global supply chain,” said David French, senior vice president of government relations at the NRF on Wednesday. “Anything that threatens two-way trade can hurt retail and consumers,” Mr. French said. The industry group, which counts... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos The Most Super 'Supermoon' Since 1948 Apple MacBook Pro Review: Living With Tradeoffs President Obama Speaks to Press Trump’s Infrastructure Investment Plan Evokes Ayn Rand Earthquake in New Zealand Captured on Surveillance Video Most Popular Articles RNC Chair Priebus Is Named Trump’s Chief of Staff California, as Clinton Territory, Finds Itself a Political Outlier The Mortgage Market Is Changing Fast Opinion: Harry Reid and the Horse He Rode In On The Trump Trade Is Getting Out of Hand: Buy Bonds Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Tennis Girls Golf Girls Swimming Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Field Hockey Boys Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Equestrian Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Rugby Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating My Recipe Box Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Weddings Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu News Videos Sports Videos High School Sports Videos Entertainment Videos Ann Arbor Videos Bay City Videos Detroit Videos Flint Videos Grand Rapids Videos Jackson Videos Kalamazoo Videos Lansing Videos Muskegon Videos Saginaw Videos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Men caught on video stealing from Walmart tills, police seek help to ID them Walmart larceny Print Email John Tunison | jtunison@mlive.com By John Tunison | jtunison@mlive.com The Grand Rapids Press Follow on Twitter on November 09, 2016 at 6:23 PM, updated November 09, 2016 at 6:31 PM comments KENT COUNTY, MI -- Police are asking for the public's help to identify two men who stole money from cash registers at Walmart stores. Kent County sheriff's detectives on Wednesday, Nov. 9 released a surveillance video that showed the men at a Grand Rapids area Walmart store. Police say one man acts as a lookout while the other sneaks into a restricted area to access registers in an apparent administrative area. Surveillance video captured the theft and the two men leaving a Walmart store. In a Facebook post, police noted that stores on 28th Street SE and in Comstock Park had been targeted. Anyone with information about the men can call Silent Observer at 616-774-2345 or message the sheriff's department through its Facebook page. Most Read Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Active Discussions Get the latest updates Subscribe to our newsletters Like MLive on Facebook Follow MLive on Twitter About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Site Map Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections RNC 2016 Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Community Bloggers Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Football Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Gymnastics Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Community Videos Submit Your Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Woman says man was masturbating when he sought directions from her: Mayfield Village Police Blotter Print Email Andy Attina / cleveland.com By Andy Attina / cleveland.com Sun News on November 09, 2016 at 4:13 PM, updated November 09, 2016 at 4:14 PM comments MAYFIELD VILLAGE, Ohio Public indecency, SOM Center Road: A woman, 45, said a man drove his vehicle alongside her while she was walking her dog Nov. 1 and asked for directions to Walmart. As she approached his vehicle to give him directions, she said she noticed he was masturbating. As she walked away and called police, the Hiram man, 27, followed her until officers arrived and arrested him for public indecency. Theft, Wilson Mills Road: A student at Mayfield High School reported Nov. 1 that over the previous two school days someone had stolen $182 in cash from her locked locker. School officials are reviewing surveillance video in an effort to identify a suspect. Body found, SOM Center Road: A woman reported at 6:30 a.m. Nov. 2 she pried up a bedroom door to a room where a man was staying and found him face down and not breathing. Responding officers and paramedics confirmed the Richmond Heights man, 39, was dead. There was evidence of drug abuse found in the room. The woman said he had a drug history and was staying with her while he was in rehab. The drug enforcement unit is investigating. Harassing communication, Wilson Mills Road: Officers responded to a doctor's office Nov. 2 for a report of a patient who was making harassing phone calls since he had been dismissed from the practice and refused treatment. While they were taking the report, the South Euclid man, 41, called the office eight times. Officers told him to stop calling and he said he would comply. Departmental information, Wilson Mills Road: A Mayfield High School teacher said Nov. 3 she received a phone call from a parent of a student the previous day. The parent was upset because she reported an incident to child and family services, which was now investigating it. Harassing communication, Aintree Park Drive: A woman reported Nov. 3 her ex-husband confronted her at her home and continues to harass her through phone calls and text messages. The man reported Nov. 7 the woman is also harassing him. The incident is under review by the prosecutor. Unauthorized use of a motor vehicle, Beta Drive: A Progressive Insurance employee reported Nov. 4 a customer refused to return a loaner car and the company had not since been able to get in touch with him. Officers also tried to contact him, but could not. A warrant was issued for the arrest of the 25-year-old Cleveland man. Suspicious activity, Aintree Park Drive: A woman called 911 around 1 a.m. Nov. 7 and said she was awakened by someone knocking on her door and what sounded like her door being opened with a key. She stayed in her bedroom and did not go to the door. Responding officers discovered the woman had left her keys in the door and they believed someone may have been trying to let her know. Everything checked OK in the home. See more Mayfield Village news at Cleveland.com/hillcrest. If you would like to discuss the police blotter, please visit our crime and courts comments page. Connect with your Community Share your community events, stories, events & more Sun News letters to the Editor: How to submit Fall & Winter photos The seasons are changing & there's a chill in the air. It's time for fall and winter adventures near & far. Send us your fall & winter photos ... Share your photos» Neighborhood Dining Essential Cleveland Dining Cleveland's a big-league foodie town and we've got the news and reviews you need to navigate all of the area's dining-out options, plus a growing collection of essential dining guides. THE GUIDES A-List: Cleveland's Top 100 Restaurants Best of Downtown Best of Ohio City Best of Little Italy Best of Tremont More dining guides & reviews » Hillcrest news in your inbox Sign up for our Hillcrest newsletter Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Hillcrest HS News Latest Mayfield HS News | Latest Richmond Hts HS News | Latest Hawken HS News About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Gymnastics Girls Volleyball Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Softball Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Sponsored Blogs Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Court appearance for driver in Tracy Morgan crash rescheduled Print Email Alex Napoliello | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By Alex Napoliello | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com The Star-Ledger Email the author | Follow on Twitter on November 09, 2016 at 2:25 PM, updated November 09, 2016 at 4:32 PM comments NEW BRUNSWICK — The former Wal-Mart truck driver accused of causing the June 2014 crash that injured comedian Tracy Morgan and killed another man appeared briefly in Middlesex County Superior Court Wednesday afternoon. Kevin Roper, 37, of Jonesboro, Ga., made the trip up north to New Brunswick only to find out during his less than five minute appearance that the hearing would be rescheduled for Nov. 29. Roper's attorney, David Jay Glassman, and Middlesex County Assistant Prosecutor Sheree Pitchford met behind closed doors with Judge Michael Toto for approximately 10 minutes. When they emerged, Toto asked the two parties to return at a later date. Glassman declined to comment outside the courtroom. Roper was driving a Wal-Mart tractor-trailer on the New Jersey Turnpike near Exit 8A in Cranbury when he crashed into a limo bus carrying Morgan and others. Fellow comedian James "Jimmy Mack" McNair, who was riding in the limo bus with Morgan, died in the crash. The National Transportation Safety Board determined driver fatigue caused the collision. Roper, who had not slept for more than 28 hours, was driving 20 miles an hour over the posted 45 mph speed limit in a construction work zone before the collision, which set off a chain reaction that involved six vehicles and 21 people, authorities have said. "The driver, already going too fast, was slow to react," NTSB Chair Christopher Hart said. A month after the NTSB report, Glassman asked a Superior Court judge to drop the charges of assault by auto and death by auto, because he didn't feel his client would get a fair trial. Glassman, in court filings, contended Roper would not be able to get an "impartial jury" due to extensive media coverage, civil settlements in the case and the NTSP report. A former star on "Saturday Night Live" and "30 Rock," Morgan suffered a traumatic brain injury and broken bones in the crash. He settled a lawsuit against Wal-Mart for an undisclosed amount in May 2015. Wal-Mart reached a $10 million settlement with McNair's two children in January 2015. Roper has pleaded not guilty to aggravated manslaughter, vehicular homicide and eight counts of aggravated assault. Morgan has since returned to performing, making a guest appearance on SNL and embarking on the "Picking up the Pieces" tour. In April, the tour came to the State Theatre in New Brunswick, approximately 15 miles north from where the crash occurred.   Alex Napoliello may be reached at anapoliello@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @alexnapoNJ. Find NJ.com on Facebook. Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home About Awards Events Directory Jobs Submit Features Industries Substrates Most Popular Award Winners Back Articles Concepts Before & After Collections Top 10 Back Beauty & Health Beer & Malt Liquor Beverage Books & Media Clothing & Fashion Food Home & Garden Kids & Baby Office & Art Supplies Pets Promotional Spirits & Liquor Student & Concept Technology Tobacco Toys & Games Vintage Wine & Champagne Back Aluminium Bag & Film Fabric Glass Bottle Jar Paper & Carton Plastic Bottle Plastic & PVC Pouch Specialty Sustainable Tin, Metal, & Foil Tube Wood HomeAboutAwardsEventsDirectoryJobsSubmit Features Articles Concepts Before & After Collections Top 10 Industries Beauty & Health Beer & Malt Liquor Beverage Books & Media Clothing & Fashion Food Home & Garden Kids & Baby Office & Art Supplies Pets Promotional Spirits & Liquor Student & Concept Technology Tobacco Toys & Games Vintage Wine & Champagne Substrates Aluminium Bag & Film Fabric Glass Bottle Jar Paper & Carton Plastic Bottle Plastic & PVC Pouch Specialty Sustainable Tin, Metal, & Foil Tube Wood Most PopularAward Winners Features: ArticlesJessica DeseoNovember 09, 2016Dutch Design Series Dutch Design Series Featuring Anthem Features: ArticlesJessica DeseoNovember 09, 2016Dutch Design Series Today we dive into the design of the Netherlands, in our Dutch Design Series we will featuring until our upcoming, The Dieline Conference. Today we are featuring Design Agency, Anthem and featuring the brand, Unox.  Tell us about your agency?  Anthem is a global creative agency that actively connects brands with people by amplifying desirability—creating an insatiable thirst for brands from package design to brand campaign. Anthem sells brands to drive brand performance. Anthem is an SGK Group company and SGK is a division of Matthews International Corporation (NASDAQ GSM: MATW). How did all start?  Clarence W. Schawk founded the business in 1953 from the basement of his aunt’s home on the northwest side of Chicago. He was newly married, and with his tour of duty as a U.S. Marine in the Pacific Theater and a few years’ experience in the industry making printing plates behind him, he realized, as many entrepreneurs do, that he could make a better product. He invested the $500 he and wife Marilyn received as wedding gifts in himself and the American Dream. The business began to grow, and through the years the name Schawk became synonymous with superior quality and outstanding customer service. Like many entrepreneurs, Mr. Schawk was passionate about the business and setting new standards in the industry for both the products he produced and the people he employed. Following a four-decade period of acquiring more than 25 prepress companies in North America, the Company began expanding its capabilities to include design and technology and to expand its footprint into Asia Pacific.  In the mid 1990s, SGK began acquiring established award-winning design agencies in the U.S. and Canada. And in 1997, SGK created a global graphics management software service for brands, the first created for the graphics industry to meet the unique demands of consumer product packaging. In the late 1990s, SGK entered the Asian Pacific market and began serving the needs of global companies in the region with local insights. During the 2000s, SGK acquired additional branding and design agencies around the world, further expanding and deepening its competency in this area of the business and branded these Brandimage and Anthem. In 2014, SGK was acquired by Matthews International and the Matthews Brand Solutions Group was integrated into SGK.  What is your showcase? What can you tell us about it?  With the Unox Soup Portfolio & Range Architecture as starting point we’ve initiated to develop a specific Unox Design Architecture. The visual brand identity system that we created and build over the last 4 years has proved to be solid, effective and flexible. It consists of the Unox branding in combination with the beacon shape that allows us to express the specific characteristics of the different propositions whilst strengthening Unox’s brand equity. It respects the heritage of Unox and its well loved ranges like Stevige whilst providing a strong platform for new introductions like Proeverij aimed at attracting new consumers to the brand. Creative director: Sara Jones Senior designers: Merle Waterman, Kim Dero Design Strategy: Arthur Brandenburg van den Gronden Account: Monique Linders What was your solution? The main objective of the brief was to reflect the various propositions from value, lower & upper mass and premium. So the extensive soup portfolio becomes much clearer for consumers as client felt that the proposition differentiation was rather weak and confusing.  A visual brand identity system (Unox logo & U-beacon) has been created to:  Clearly identify and differentiate the various propositions Strengthen brand recognition and blocking on shelf Facilitate variety navigation The U-beacon can vary in size, colour and texture as well as in content. Also the background is flexible in colour, photography and texture. Within this system food photography is playing an important role to express the lead message of the proposition. Ie. in the recently introduced ‘Proeverij’ range the delicious, expertly crafted and artisanal recipes are being reflected by seductive & honest photography which is enhanced in the final execution by a combination of mat & gloss finish. Why is this work so special and what does it say about your agency?  The work for Unox represents our agency well because of the absolute attention to food appeal. We pride ourselves on being able to give Unox a real identity when it comes to the quality and depiction of the food & ingredients – from the way the shot is lit, to the  imperfections & rustic feeling of the backgrounds and the attention to typography. Even without the Unox logo we aim to breathe the brand through the remaining visual cues. Above all, we believe that photography is the 'make or break' of food packaging, it has the ability to create desire, make you feel hungry, make your mouth water – all without a single word. The special quality of this work is the flexibility of the Design Architecture – innovations and new varieties are all able to be encompassed under this true Unox signature.  Clear thinking, beautifully designed. What makes the design Dutch? Dutch design often is simple and powerful. No-nonsense if you like. Unox designs are always simple and always bold as a result of the visual architecture that is centered around the U-beacon that allows for a single lead message presented with impact. So in this sense one can speak about a design with a typical Dutch signature Although the brand is Dutch, the audience is Dutch, the design team isn’t.  For more than 25 years the design team consistently has been an Anglo-Dutch combination so in a way this typical  Dutch signature actually is an eclectic mixture of Dutch no-nonsense with the typical Anglo ability of creating food appeal that is aspiring and desirable. No-nonsense design that aspires to be desirable.  What way would you describe Dutch packaging design? Dutch packaging design is a reflection of Dutch culture that has a strong international orientation. Dutch people like being Dutch, no-nonsense and without unnecessary thrills. At the same time their orientation is beyond the national borders because of trade, travel and holidays. And with that one can clearly see that Dutch packaging design is characterized by a Dutch no-nonsense foundation that aspires to be international inspired or fueled by international (eating) cultures. BNO NEXTpack: the next step in packaging design BNO NEXTpack is the packaging design source of the Netherlands. Inspiring convincing and surprising information about the importance of packaging design in the daily lives of everyone. NEXTpack stimulates the imagination, provides insights into the discipline and responds to relevant developments and social discussions. BNO NEXTpack represents the main Dutch packaging design agencies: Anthem, Bataafsche Teeken Maatschappij, BooM creatives, Bowler & Kimchi, Brum Design, dBOD, Design Bridge, Dream Catch, FLEX / design, Millford, OD, PROUDdesign, Reggs, SOGOOD, VBAT and WAACs. Jessica Deseo Facebook0 Twitter Google LinkedIn0 StumbleUpon Reddit Tumblr Pinterest0 0 Likes Features: ArticlesJessica DeseoOctober 03, 20163M Design Center, Inside the StudioComment Inside the Studio: 3M Design Center 3M is the brand we all know, use, and love. From Post-it Notes, Command Strips, and Scotch Tape, 3M is a leader in making our lives easier and complete in every aspect. Today we are taking an inside look at their newest design center based in St. Paul Minnesota. Features: ArticlesJessica DeseoOctober 03, 20163M Design Center, Inside the StudioComment 5 Questions With, Features: ArticlesJessica DeseoNovember 03, 2016tether, 5 QuestionsComment 5 Questions with Tether Today we are asking 5 Questions to Tether, a Seattle and Portland based studio. We wanted to get deeper into their Before & After project, Krusteaz.  5 Questions With, Features: ArticlesJessica DeseoNovember 03, 2016tether, 5 QuestionsComment The Dieline ConferenceJessica DeseoNovember 08, 2016The Dieline Conference Amsterdam, The Dieline ConferenceComment Meet The Dieline Conference Amsterdam Speakers Join us this November 23rd for The Dieline Conference Amsterdam. The Dieline ConferenceJessica DeseoNovember 08, 2016The Dieline Conference Amsterdam, The Dieline ConferenceComment Features: ArticlesJessica DeseoNovember 14, 2016BRUMComment Dutch Design Series Featuring: BRUMdesign Today we are featuring BRUMdesign an agency based out of Netherlands and highlighting their client Jan.  Features: ArticlesJessica DeseoNovember 14, 2016BRUMComment Features: ArticlesYour NameOctober 09, 20092 Comments Simplicity Rules Against a backdrop of an increasingly complex and fragmented consumer culture, media overload, multiplying retail channels, and an increasing cynicism among consumers, some marketers are rediscovering the power of simplicity in expressing their brand ideas. It simply makes sense.  Simplicity rules the day. In our über-branded world, we’re seeing a sea-change washing over the landscape. Some say it started with Google, sporting the cleanest user interface on the web at the time. (Interesting that Microsoft’s Bing is now trying to out-simplify Google on functionality.) Others say Target paved the way, with a simpler, cleaner shopper experience, utilizing design as a strategic advantage in its pitched battle with Wal-Mart. (Equally interesting that Wal-Mart is now trying to out-design and out-simplify Target.)  Other examples abound: Häagen-Dazs touts a few simple ingredients with its Häagen-Dazs five™ line. Pepsi creates Throwback versions, harkening back to simpler times. Coca-Cola renovates its trademark brands, eliminating gratuitous and superfluous design elements to express brand symbols more simply and compellingly. Volkswagen builds an entire design language around simple forms. Philips touts “Sense and Simplicity” as more than a tag line but as a corporate covenant. Countless other brands feature simple, back-to-basic value propositions that appeal to a seemingly endless desire for the honest, the true, the uncomplicated...in a word, SIMPLICITY. WHAT’S GOING ON HERE?  This is more than a trend, even though it’s clearly trendy. It’s a more fundamental change, a cultural shift, and one that the cultural anthropologists and semioticians will be studying for decades. And the brands that recognized it early are reaping the rewards of reflecting the values that are driving the culture, even as they accelerate the shift through their powerful brand expressions.  The shift has many parents: our increasingly fragmented culture, media overload, overextended brands, SKU proliferation, and of course, the current economic reversal that fosters a deep desire for simple value as a response to the excesses of the recent past. In The Paradox of Choice: Why More Is Less, psychology professor Barry Schwartz argues that consumers today are faced with far too many choices, noting that consumers would be far better off with a few distinctly different options instead of the countless array of choices they currently have. Whether choosing an insurance plan, a can of tomato sauce, or even a pair of jeans, Schwartz shows that a bewildering array of choices is overwhelming, and paradoxically inhibits happiness instead of enhancing it. He debunks the notion that more choices will make consumers happier, offering instead the idea that having all these choices actually infringes on consumers’ psychological well being.  Author and consultant Jack Trout similarly contends, in The Power Of Simplicity: A Management Guide to Cutting Through the Nonsense and Doing Things Right, that simplicity is one solution for marketers who find it increasingly difficult to gain traction among consumers beset by too many complicated choices and options. He urges managers to “get back to basics” and use simplicity as an organizing principle to guide enterprises to success. Trout notes that simplifying the value proposition will reduce cost and increase sales and profits.  In our own practice, we’ve seen brand owners leverage the power of simplicity to strengthen their brands. Heinz, in its Australian market, launched a new line of frozen stir-fry vegetables with a fresh, confident look that communicates convenient, everyday cooking. Bright, complementary colors, ample white space, simple design, and appetizing photography suggest healthy, unprocessed, and easy to use benefits.  This trend toward simplicity and purity has also taken hold in the beverage category, where unsweetened flavored water beverages are growing faster than any other segment. Dasani Essence is an all-natural, no-calorie clear beverage that adds a hint of fruit to bottled water, including lime, black cherry, and strawberry kiwi flavors. The design took a straightforward, bold approach to the brand that conveys honesty and simplicity. The new packaging is clean, modern and stylish to help encourage a healthy lifestyle and attitude.  Gundowring Fine Foods’ design features a series of smart two-color labels; the restricted palette, minimal typography, and a handdrawn swirl create an appealing label design that conveys real food, few ingredients, and simple authenticity.  Features: ArticlesYour NameOctober 09, 20092 Comments Moodology Category: Fashion, Substrate: Paper, Paperboard, CardboardElizabeth FreemanNovember 09, 2016Moodology, Origami Owl, United States, essential oils, Jewelry SCRUB Body Scrub by Coffee Organics Category: Beauty HealthTheresa Christine JohnsonNovember 09, 2016body scrub, bath and body, scrub body scrub by coffee organics, coffee, australia, OCHO Creative Home About Awards Events Directory Jobs Submit Archive Advertise Subscribe First Name Last Name Email Address Sign Up Thank you! OUR SPONSORS MAKE THE DIELINE POSSIBLE.
RacineUncovered Crime News Racine Wisconsin Racine Mom asks for help from community locating driver involved in accident Published by RACINE UNCOVERED on November 9, 2016 A Racine mom is asking for help from the community to identify a driver involved in an accident on Tuesday November 8th around noon at Walmart on Durand and Oakes Road. While leaving Walmart she was rear ended by a  a white male mid to late 20s in a white Impala. She stated he orginally  pulled over, asked if we were okay, and then drove away as soon as she asked for his insurance info. She had her 4 year old and my 1 year old in the car. They had pulled over in front Aldi’s. Anyone with information is asked to contact the Mount Pleasant Police Department reference Case number 16-31956 Posted in Local News ← Previous Next → Copyright © 2016 RacineUncovered. Powered by WordPress and Spine.
Monday, November 14, 2016 A look inside San Jose politics and culture Twitter Facebook San Jose Inside San Jose Inside is made possible through support by: San Jose Inside (http://www.sanjoseinside.com/2016/11/09/whirlwind-election-night-ends-with-big-victories-cliffhangers/) More News Opinion Investigative Reports The Fly Categories News Opinion Investigative Reports The Fly The Fly Whirlwind Election Night Ends With Big Victories, Cliffhangers By The Fly / November 9, 2016 6 TAKE TWO Ro Khanna easily won the rematch to unseat Congressman Mike Honda. (Photo by Jessica Perez) At the ConXion to Community center near the Story Road Walmart, a packed room awaited state Assembly candidate Madison Nguyen amidst a backdrop of egg rolls, paper lanterns, yellow and red flags and sash-wearing Vietnamese beauty queens. The former vice mayor of San Jose fell 365 votes behind Ash Kalra—with 52 out of 221 precincts reporting. “Oh my gosh, it’s so close,” she exclaimed, and it would remain so for the next few hours. Madison Nguyen’s party didn’t disappoint with live music. (Photo by Jessica Perez) Luckily, there were slushie machines with margaritas and what the bartender referred to as “some orange kind of alcohol” to ease the tension and medicate the shadow of some orange kind of Elephant in the Room. After all, weed legalization wouldn’t take effect until midnight, four long hours away. Broadcaster Bob Kieve, looking damn good in a bow tie at the young age of 94, predicted “it will be a terrible four years,” saying Donald Trump lacked the qualities one should look for “in a public servant—or a human being.” He should know. Kieve worked as a White House speechwriter for President Dwight D. Eisenhower and can remember the 1928 race between Herbert Hoover and Al Smith. Nonagenarian Bob Kieve (left) and Madison Nguyen’s 4-year-old daughter, Olivia, nine decades his junior. (Photo by Jessica Perez) Kalra briefly distracted himself from the tension of the dead heat by dancing to a live band at his campaign headquarters off Capitol Expressway. The soundtrack of “Uptown Funk” drowned out any conversation about Trump becoming the next commander in chief. Kalra’s campaign manager, Shay Franco-Clausen, took a break from the party inside the strip mall office to get some fresh air. “This has been a really great campaign,” she said. “That’s despite the aggression we experienced.” A member of the Nguyen camp was accused of throwing wet ramen noodles on the windows of Kalra’s campaign office. “Three times,” Franco-Clausen said, adding that signs also routinely went missing. Ash Kalra (center) tallies with his supporters in a race that remained too close to call Tuesday night. (Photo by Greg Ramar) Kalra, wearing a sleek blue suit with a yellow-and-black necktie, shrugged it off. “You just put out some more signs,” he said. Trailing his opponent by 49 votes hours after the counting began, he looked a little uneasy. “I wish they’d update the results,” he said. A few latecomers popped in once the band left, including county Supervisor Dave Cortese and Kalra’s City Council colleagues Raul Peralez, Tam Nguyen and Manh Nguyen. At Fremont’s Royal Palace Banquet Hall, we sneaked down a service hallway where Ro Khanna sat quietly in a room of gilded armchairs with his wife, Ritu. About to deliver a victory speech after beating Mike Honda to become Silicon valley’s newest congressman, Khanna granted a short interview before being interrupted by a congratulatory phone call from a supporter. “We’re going to win. Sixteen points,” he assured the caller. Khanna admits he’ll have some cachet in Congress after defeating a once-powerful incumbent, and because he’s been “branded as a tech candidate. That’s a huge responsibility, a huge honor.” As a member of the House’s minority party, Khanna said, he’ll be willing to reach across the aisle and engage in bipartisanship. But he doesn’t entertain any illusions. “Candidly, I think it’s going to be very divided going into Congress,” he said. “There’s going to be great division. I think what is pretty important is to articulate the progressive vision for this country, in contrast and in opposition to Paul Ryan and Donald Trump.” Khanna praised Honda’s service and his advocacy on behalf of minorities and transgendered communities. “I plan to reach out to him, extending friendship and respect,” Khanna said. Lee Wilcox (left) and San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo were feeling good about the direction of the city. (Photo by Taylor Jones) In one of the more bizarre election night parties in recent memory, San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo and his council colleagues joined Police Chief Eddie Garcia, as well as members of the Police Officers’ Association, at Rookies Sports Lodge to cheer on Measure F, the city’s pension reform settlement. When the first wave of results came in, Liccardo began to shout and cheer before high-fiving Garcia. Councilmembers Peralez, Don Rocha, Johnny Khamis, Chappie Jones, Vice Mayor Rose Herrera and City Manager Norberto Dueñas joined the fun in a private party room, watching a flatscreen with national election results and noshing on chicken wings and pizza in between beverages—which they swore were soda waters. Unlike his 2014 mayor's race against county Supervisor Cortese, who didn’t concede until a few days after the election, Liccardo said he would hold off on going to bed Tuesday night to track results online. “No, I’m going to stay up,” Liccardo said. “We’ve got a lot at stake in this race.” San Jose Police Chief Eddie Garcia was all smiles after seeing Measure F returns. (Photo by Taylor Jones) Also ready to stay up late were Trump’s faithful, who waited for the outcome in a spacious warehouse at the end of a dark court in Sunnyvale. About an hour before the first polls closed, about 100 people dined on pasta and focaccia catered by Tony and Alba’s. Tables were set facing a giant projector screen tuned to Fox News. At a table near the back of the room, a group of Chinese Americans for Trump—the words were emblazoned on their T-shirts—traded anecdotes from the campaign trail. Saratoga resident John Cagliostro sported a black number that read, “Deplorable Lives Matter,” which he said was his way of reclaiming a word Hillary Clinton used pejoratively about her rival’s supporters. John Cagliostro says Donald Trump wasn’t his first—or fifth choice—for president, but he’s with the new POTUS. (Photo by Jennifer Wadsworth) “Trump wasn’t my first choice,” Cagliostro said. “He wasn’t my second, third, fourth or fifth. Ben Carson was my first. But this isn’t about one person, or even about Trump. This is bigger than him. We need to restore this country.” A man walking past took a dramatic spin on his heel and asked, “Did I hear someone say prison? You must be talking about Hillary. Put her in jail.” Cagliostro gave him a knowing nod. “United we stand, Obama we fall,” he later quipped. For San Jose resident Dilip Kumar, who owns a software company, his allegiance to Trump dates back to the first time he read The Art of the Deal in 2011. “He’s a good businessman,” said Kumar, who wore a straw fedora, a campaign shirt and an “I voted” sticker. “Because of his policies, we can bring jobs back to the U.S.” A Clinton win, he said, would perpetuate a corrupt status quo. In the Democratic Central Committee campaign hub at The Plant at Monterey and Curtner, the mood at the Dem HQ was considerably less buoyant, as the GOP nominee edged ahead in the “race for 270” electoral votes nearly an hour after the polls closed. About 200 people perched on folding chairs watched MSNBC coverage in horror. Randi Kinman, a West Valley-Mission College District trustee, shook her head recalling how someone had tried to reassure her that it wasn’t the end of the world. “But it is," she said. “It is the end of the world. It’s the end of the world where people can be safe. It’s the end of the world where women can be safe, and minorities.” Aimee Escobar, a county planning commissioner, said Trump’s bombardment into national politics marks the beginning of the end of civil discourse. “He made it OK to talk down to people,” she said. With results looking dismal for Clinton, the life-size cardboard cutout of her in a crisp pantsuit and winning smile began to feel cruelly out of place, someone remarked. As did the two-and-a-half-foot sheet cake with “Congratulations Madam President” inscribed in red-white-and-blue frosting. State Sen. Jim Beall (right) racked up another term with an easy re-election victory. (Photo by Greg Ramar) State Sen. Jim Beall, who held a strong lead over challenger Nora Campos by the time the second round of returns posted, walked in long after the mood had soured. A few folks congratulated him and posed for a picture, but most people’s eyes were glued to the TV screen. “This just seems just and right for this to be [Clinton’s] time,” Lynn Rogers said. “So I’m loathe to accept this.” Moments before, she said, she’d been chanting with a Buddhist about Clinton “giving a voice to the voiceless ones.” At the back of the room, a Trump piñata hung on the wall with his paper mache arms outstretched and a sticker demanding to “stop bigotry” on the left side of his tissue blazer. To round out the night, Fly made a brief stop by the South Bay Labor Council’s party to see what was cracking. Within two minutes a labor flak escorted a reporter and photographer out without any chance to negotiate. The banquet hall spread looked to be mostly finger foods, with a cheese and olive platter and salad bar, bottled IPA beers available—not for us, of course—and a lot of empty seats. It didn’t look like anyone had an interest in sticking around to see if Hillary would concede before the end of the night. Send a tip to The Fly The Fly is a weekly column written by San Jose Inside staff that provides a behind-the-scenes look at local politics. Filed Under: The Fly Aimee Escobar Al Smith Ash Kalra Bob Kieve Chappie Jones Dave Cortese Dilip Kumar Donald Trump Dwight D. Eisenhower Election 2016 Herbert Hoover Hillary Clinton Jim Beall John Cagliostro Johnny Khamis Lynn Rogers Madison Nguyen Manh Nguyen Mike Honda 6 Comments hello_sanjose Nov 9, 2016 @ 9:13 am >“This has been a really great campaign,” she said. “That’s despite the aggression we experienced.” A member of the Nguyen camp was accused of throwing wet ramen noodles on the windows of Kalra’s campaign office. “Three times,” Franco-Clausen said, adding that signs also routinely went missing. Not a very gracious comment in the least, especially considering that SJ Political Mail uploaded a video several days ago showing Kalra volunteers stealing flyers left by Nguyen volunteers. Signs go missing every election year. Did Shay miss the giant news story earlier this year about a massive high school senior prank to steal lawn signs? I have been involved with campaigns, and they have always had problems with signs going missing on both sides. For her to raise this as a criticism of her opponent’s integrity is not classy in the least. Reply Robert M Cortese Nov 9, 2016 @ 10:15 am We *could* have had Sanders as president last night… Democrats even voted for Trump. Why? * We saw how the DNC screwed Sanders out of the nomination. * Hillary’s handling of emails. * Her message that he’s creating “Divisive Politics” Politics by their very nature are divisive. (Condescending) * Some parts of Hillary’s campaign were hiring crazy people to start fights at trump rallies. As a former Democrat, I saw this “Buddy system”. I was asked by one local prominent Dem to “Attack” another Dem candidate. (I guess she thinks i’m nuts) I’ve had other candidates pay crazy people to slander me. I’m not a registered Republican, I am “No party” but I’ve been saying this for years. The Democrat party both locally and nationally have become so blinded by the desire to “Win” that all reason, logic, and decency has been thrown out the window. All I see in our local Democratic party is line of asskissing up to the next elected official on the ladder in a hope to get endorsements and support. I’ve been saying for YEARS.. Our local party needs to clean up its act. Same goes on the national level. Until that housecleaning happens, we won’t see Democrats holding any sort of majority over Republicans. If you didn’t get the memo last night, the American public doesn’t see enough difference between the parties anymore to even care. It’s not that we have willfully ignorant voters. Almost every voter knows this is going on now, and they’re pissed. When you call them “Ignorant” you are basically saying they are lesser than you. Don’t do that. Reply sjoutsidethebubble Nov 9, 2016 @ 8:05 pm > Democrats even voted for Trump. Why? A good analysis. I think another factor in Hillary’s underperformance was her health. She clearly has health issues, and it seems to be well known by insiders (but not the “little people”) that she is an alcoholic. Messages in the leaked emails suggest that she had to be sobered up for meetings, appearances, etc. I think her frequency of campaign appearances was about one fourth of Trumps. Reply Former Dem Nov 10, 2016 @ 9:54 pm @Robert M. Cortese – I agree with you. For decades I was a member of the Dem party – volunteering, donating when called during election fundraising – but no longer. After seeing how the SC County Dem party operates – not endorsing good candidates who would really represent the needs of constituents but instead endorsing their friends involved in the Dem county committee, and working to elect people who will represent the interests of and push the agenda of campaign contributors (such as labor) rather than represent all constituents. Voters do not know that at the Dem County committee level people who have never been elected (people voters have never even heard of) are behind the scenes pulling strings to control endorsements and support, and therefore limit voters’ choices. What played out at the national level in terms of how Sanders was treated by the DNC, and how Clinton was ‘anointed’ by the DNC, echoed what I have seen at the local level here in SC County. Reply Robert Cortese Nov 11, 2016 @ 7:27 am Ya I pretty much made the same analogy in Josh’s “Surviving 4 years under trump” story. http://www.sanjoseinside.com/2016/11/09/a-guide-to-surviving-the-next-4-years-under-president-trump/#comment-1639659 I don’t get why the Campos’s and Shirakawa were still “Annointed” after all the scandals came out, and much like you it left me with a sour taste for the SCC Dems. Reply PLigovskoy Nov 11, 2016 @ 12:27 am I agree on the points you outlined about Hillary, but Sanders likely would not have won either. He’s too liberal. I like Bernie, but I really doubt he could have won. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Latest Tweets Loading tweets by @sanjoseinside... Trending Articles A Guide to Surviving the Next 4 Years under President Trump46 From San Jose to D.C., Women Lead the Way in Election 201642 Photo Gallery: Donald Trump Protest Takes Over San Jose27 Election 2016: Where to Vote, What to Watch, How to Cope10 Voters Approve Transportation Tax, Housing Bond, Pension Deal9 Latest Comments Jennifer decries attacks by alleged Trump supporters, and rightfully so. But she ignores the attacks against Trump supporters by … — JohnMichael O'Connor on Photo Gallery: Donald Trump Protest Takes Over San Jose "Yes, Trump will have broad power to crack down on immigration" http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2016/11/14/president-elect-donald-trump-immigration-plan/93584804/ And you can thank Obama for the broad power that … — sjoutsidethebubble on San Jose Mayor Blasts Trump’s Campaign Promises in Statement Vowing to Protect Residents Just a reminder Josh: Santa Clara County Hillary Clinton 73% Donald Trump 21% I'm a minority, so if you ban me … — sjoutsidethebubble on San Jose Mayor Blasts Trump’s Campaign Promises in Statement Vowing to Protect Residents BRAVO Mayor Liccardo! — Kathleen Flynn on San Jose Mayor Blasts Trump’s Campaign Promises in Statement Vowing to Protect Residents Keep shooting your mouth off little Harvard "C" student and watch how we cut Federal aide to San Jose fool. — Jack Slade "The Giant Killer" on San Jose Mayor Blasts Trump’s Campaign Promises in Statement Vowing to Protect Residents Popular Topics City Council Sam Liccardo Santa Clara County Education Chuck Reed Budget Police Board of Supervisors San Jose Police Department Election Advertise with San Jose Inside » Subscribe Sign up to receive breaking news from San Jose Inside San Jose Inside | A look inside San Jose politics and culture News Opinion Investigative Reports The Fly Copyright © 2016 San Jose Inside. All rights reserved. | About Us | Comments Policy | Advertising & Partnerships | Contact Us | Newsletter | Facebook | Twitter
MENU Home Login Subscription Options CREATE NEW – Home Delivery Subscription MAKE HOME DELIVERY PAYMENT HERE CREATE NEW – Online Only Subscription Contact UFO Store Display Ads PUZZLES Crosswords Sudoku How to Clear Cache MENU Newspaper E-Newpaper Sunday Comics NEWS Local News Local News Local News Dining Guide Dining Guide Local Business Review Local Business Review Positively Roswell Positively Roswell Vistas Sports Local Sports AP Auto Racing AP Baseball AP Basketball AP Football AP Golf AP Soccer AP Tennis Obituaries In Memory Records Public/Police Public Record Police Blotter Classifieds Listings Local Classifieds Listings Legal Notice Ads Opinion Editorial Editorial Dear Editor Magazines Lifestyles Travel & Dining Guide Screens Magazine Vision Magazine Special Sections AP News News Feed Business Entertainment National News State News World News 1 Username: 1 Election Day sampling shows undercurrent of issues November 9, 2016 • Local News A sampling of opinions across Roswell on Election Day showed a broad spectrum of concerns and a common undercurrent — everyone hopes to feel secure with the new administration. The question posed: “After the election is over, and the new administration takes office, what issues will you be focusing on with the greatest interest?” Mark and Michelle Luman Mark and Michelle Luman were enjoying lunch on the tailgate of their truck in the Walmart parking lot. “I’m interested in energy independence,” Mark said. “They need to legalize marijuana too, and stop wasting my tax dollars putting people in jail for marijuana use.” He also expressed concern about the borders and immigration, “No Syrian refugees,” he said. Meanwhile, Michelle said that, as a nurse, she is afraid of Clinton’s stand on abortion. “When you’ve seen an abortion go wrong in the 26th week, you never forget it,” Michelle said. Kerry Moore and Todd [auth] Alexander Todzilla’s truck was at Walmart on Tuesday for a Gary Johnson rally. Todd Alexander spoke about his concerns. “Neither of the candidates talked about issues,” Alexander said. “It’s been about morality. It’s very frustrating.” Alexander sees an over-arching problem that needs to be addressed soon. “Everyone is so polarized they’re forgetting that no matter how it all comes out, we’re all in this together,” Alexander said. Kerry Moore said her concerns were financial. “Taxes is a huge issue for me,” Moore said. “As a small business owner, we get no loopholes. We’re the little man and we’re barely hanging on to start with. I want to see less government and a balanced budget. Wouldn’t it be fantastic if the government had to operate like a business owner?” Moore also recognized that the younger generation has more power than they seem to know. “The Millennials have the numbers to change the entire political realm,” Moore said. Kathie Butts Kathie Butts was at The Gallery Main Street Arts at 223 N. Main St. She said her concern is pretty direct. “Peace,” Butts said, “in the country, in the world, in police departments, among the public, everybody … politically, publicly and in the world; if you can get that done, you’ve done a lot.” Butts expressed that if peace were achieved, then all political issues could be discussed civilly and progress would be possible. But she also has fears. “I’m worried that no matter who wins we won’t have peace,” Butts said. Don James Don James, owner of the lapidary store Ancients of Days said his biggest concern is jobs and the economy. “That has a direct effect on my store,” James said. He has two other concerns, however. “Something has to be done about terrorism and groups like ISIS,” James said. “Also abolish Obamacare. It was shoved down our throats and the premiums are going up.” Kim Folts Kim Folts is a millennial who works at Subway. She reflected a common view for many in her generation. “No matter who we get, we’re screwed,” Folts said. “Past presidents haven’t fixed anything.” On the issues, Folts said, “They need to end wars. Wars are stupid.” She also addressed a living wage. “They have to raise the minimum wage,” Folts said. “I work a lot of hours a week and can hardly afford to buy anything.” Chris Lewis Chris Lewis, who works at Kelley Pharmacy, said his main concerns are education related. “I can’t get scholarships because I’m white and male and a U.S. citizen,” Lewis said. He also expressed concern with the electorate. “I’d like to see people get more involved in government,” Lewis said. Matthew Shappard Matthew Shappard, a Farmer’s Insurance Agent, said his biggest concern was healthcare. “Premiums are going through the roof,” Shappard said. He also noted that health insurance options were getting scarcer as rates were going up. Shappard said he wants to see a market-driven resolution. “I want to see a free market in healthcare,” Shappard said. But even at that he’s concerned with the limits being placed on small businesses. “I’m concerned about regulations on small businesses,” Shappard said. “They’re imposing mandatory healthcare and a minimum wage hike. That could drive a lot of us small businessmen out of business.” Of the nine people questioned: Three expressed healthcare related concerns. Three expressed concerns about laws limiting small business. Two expressed concerns that people unlike themselves were a threat to their well-being. Features reporter Curtis M. Michaels can be reached at 575-622-7710, ext. 205, or at reporter04@rdrnews.com. Related Posts About the Author: Curtis Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Colt football heads to Hatch for playoffs Lucille Siegel » Business Review Roswell Seed Company Dining Guide Andrew’s Donuts Positively Roswell Mildred Swenson celebrates 102 years ConocoPhillips plans to sell assets in San Juan Basin November 12, 2016 New Mexico ski resorts prep slopes amid challenging forecast November 12, 2016 Young girl killed in wreck; police probe report of racing November 12, 2016 Man could be sentenced to decades in prison for fatal wreck November 12, 2016 Hunter sets Sun Belt record, Arkansas State beats NM State November 12, 2016 Television pilot to begin shooting in New Mexico November 11, 2016 Muslim woman reports attack in UNM library November 11, 2016 Historian: 2 Navajo women may have been first GI Janes November 11, 2016 Laptop, phone could shed light on Albuquerque girl’s killing November 11, 2016 New secretary of state will have her hands full November 11, 2016 © 2016 Roswell Daily Record | Roswell Area News | Proudly sponsoring The Roswell Incident Project since 2016! Web directory script
null
null
null
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending MacBook Pro Nintendo Switch Google Pixel iOS 10.1 PS4 Pro Early Black Friday Deals News Black Friday 2016 Gamer's Guide: Expect great deals on these consoles this year Black Friday 2016 Gamer's Guide: Expect great deals on these consoles this year By Mike Rougeau Gaming   Get ready for lots of PS4 Pro and Xbox One S deals Shares It’s 2016 - the future - which means you don’t even have to leave your house to get the best Black Friday deals. So long, midnight lines, hello comfy couch! And for anyone looking for Black Friday gaming deals, you need click no further than Amazon or another online retailer to score the hottest consoles, bundles, games, controllers and more. Every year Black Friday for gamers is like Christmas come early; last year was bananas, with more PS4 deals and Xbox One bundles than you could shake a PS Move at. This year, we expect plenty of PS4 Pro deals, Xbox One S deals and much more for your favorite gaming tech.  With Black Friday 2016 potentially being the biggest day of spending ever, it helps to get some hints ahead of time.  Whether shopping for the gamer in your life or yourself, keep reading to learn what Black Friday console and game deals to look for this year! Black Friday console deals to watch for Sony PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 4 Pro The PlayStation 4 has won the current console war in many gamers’ minds, and Black Friday 2016 will likely be the perfect opportunity to pick one up.  That's especially true considering there are two new versions, the PS4 Slim (currently $299 with Uncharted 4/ £224 on Amazon) and the PS4 Pro ( $399/ £332), both of which will be available by Black Friday this year.  What's more, retailers have a history of discounting PS4s to record levels on Black Friday, so now is the time if you want to take the plunge. The best cheap PS4 deals in November Last year’s PS4 Black Friday deals included bundles with Uncharted: The Nathan Drake Collection, Call of Duty Black Ops 3, Star Wars Battlefront, Disney Infinity 3.0, The Last Of Us Remastered, Grand Theft Auto V, and more top-tier titles from retailers including Amazon, Best Buy, GameStop , Target and Walmart.  Expect to see even more tempting bundles this year, perhaps even one with the PlayStation VR headset. Or, if you’re just looking for the cheapest possible version, Black Friday will likely feature a standalone PS4 deal that will rock your world. Sony PlayStation VR The PlayStation VR (currently $399/ £332 on Amazon) is only one of the several virtual reality headsets available this year, but given that it doesn’t need a high-end PC or a specific Android smartphone to pair with - just a PS4 console - it’s easily the most accessible for many gamers. That makes it the perfect gift (for a loved one or yourself). Sony said recently that PSVR sales are “on track,” whatever that means, but the headset isn’t selling out and is currently available on Amazon, so there may well be some deals going on during Black Friday to help you dive into virtual reality. The best PlayStation VR deals in November You'll also find the headset up for order at Best Buy, GameStop , Target and Walmart, so keep an eye on those retailers for PSVR deals and bundles on Black Friday, too. Microsoft Xbox One S Like the PS4, the Xbox One got a new hardware SKU this year: the Xbox One S (currently $399 for 2TB version/ £237 for 500GB and FIFA 17 on Amazon).  So if you or a loved one has been on the fence about picking up an Xbox One - and if the console’s massive bulk was a partial factor there - now is the best time yet to pick up Microsoft’s latest console. Last year’s Xbox deals included bundles with Halo 5: Guardians, Halo: The Master Chief Collection, Gears of War Ultimate Edition, Forza Motorsport 6, Fallout 4, and others, so watch out for Black Friday 2016 Xbox bundles with hot Microsoft exclusives of the season - not to mention the new hardware. The best Xbox One deals in November As you can imagine, Best Buy, GameStop , Target and Walmart all offer the Xbox One S, including with a number of game bundles. Microsoft has also put together a number of Xbox One S holiday bundles, including a Battlefield 1 bundle for $299 and a Gears of War 4 package for $349. Nintendo Wii U With the Nintendo Switch finally revealed, the jury’s out on whether the Wii U (currently $299 with Mario Kart 8/ £237 on Amazon) will even remain in production.  Either way, Black Friday 2016 will likely be a good time to pick one up if you’ve been unsure about Nintendo’s under-powered, under-supported underdog console. And it may be one of the last times.  There's still reason to buy a Wii U: it has plenty of great games for Nintendo diehards, so it’s definitely worth getting - especially if it’s cheap. The best Wii U deals in November Last year’s Wii U bundles included Mario Kart 8, Super Mario Maker, or Skylanders Swap Force, but it wouldn’t be surprising if the 2016 Wii U deals were a tad more aggressive as retailers try to move as many of remaining units as possible to make room for the Switch launch in the spring. You'll find some Wii U offers going on right now over at Best Buy, GameStop, Target and Walmart. Keep checking those retailers for Wii U clearing deals on Black Friday, too. New Nintendo 3DS Unlike the Wii U, Nintendo’s 3DS is still going strong, having handily defeated the PS Vita long ago. So if you or the gamer in your life still doesn’t have one, Black Friday may be the time to right that heinous wrong. The 2DS is thankfully a mostly forgotten slice of cake, but the current hardware iterations - the New 3DS (currently $174 with Super Mario 3D Land/ £139 standalone on Amazon) and New 3DS XL (currently $199 Amazon exclusive lime green with Super Mario World/ £169 standalone) - have all the features a 3DS owner could want, including a second analog nub and head tracking for vastly improved 3D effects. The best Nintendo 3DS deals in November The usual suspects - Best Buy, GameStop , Target and Walmart - will all help you get your Nintendo 3DS fix. 3DS game bundles come and go like Bowser’s confidence, so watch out for any new ones this year and the price is sure to be right on Black Friday 2016. Get your game on during Black Friday Shoppers of all ilk have looked forward to Black Friday every November for years, but it’s become a great holiday for gamers in particular.  Retailers like Amazon, Best Buy, GameStop, Target, Walmart and even digital storefronts like Steam, PlayStation Network and Xbox Live always go all out on gaming deals. And it’s not just game consoles that go on sale - keep an eye out, too, for accessories like controllers and headsets, not to mention the many individual games that go on sale, especially online. So no matter what you’re looking for this year, chances are, you’ll find it. Find tons of amazing Amazon Black Friday deals this year! Tags Xbox Related news Watch out for the iPhone’s 911 bug Top 50 best free games you should play today Samsung Galaxy X: the story of Samsung’s foldable phone so far The best Xbox One deals in November 2016 See more Gaming news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 15 best laptops you can buy in 2016 2 PS4 vs Xbox One: which is better? 3 iOS 10 problems: Here's how to fix the most common issues 4 Best phone 2016: the 10 top smartphones we've tested 5 10 best Bluetooth speakers available today 1 Spotify could be filling your computer's storage up with junk 2 MIT let an AI loose on the web - what could possibly go wrong? 3 Watch out for the iPhone’s 911 bug 4 Think iPhones are too expensive? Apple starts selling them for 15% off 5 Best smartwatches that may be worth picking up on Black Friday TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Dawna Friesen Carolyn Jarvis Liza Fromer Tom Clark More … Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Money November 8, 2016 6:13 pm Wal-Mart sued for fake ‘100 % Egyptian Cotton’ linen By Jonathan Stempel Reuters ; Signage at a Laval, Que., Walmart store is seen on Tuesday, May 3, 2016. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Ryan Remiorz What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen Wal-Mart Stores Inc was sued on Tuesday on behalf of consumers who said the world’s largest retailer sold products falsely labeled “100 % Egyptian Cotton” from an Indian textile company for many years after it first became suspicious of their origin. According to the complaint, Wal-Mart questioned the fiber content of Welspun India Ltd’s products as early as 2008, but waited until two months ago to halt sales of its mislabeled Egyptian cotton bed linens, following a similar halt by Target Corp. Story continues below The plaintiff, Dorothy Monahan of Michigan, said she overpaid at a Wal-Mart for Better Homes and Gardens bed linens made by Welspun that she thought were made of Egyptian cotton, and therefore higher quality than cheaper bed linens. READ MORE: Fired Wal-Mart worker who claimed discrimination wins $31M She accused Wal-Mart of violating U.S. laws governing textile fiber labeling and advertising, and is seeking damages for everyone who has bought bed linens at Wal-Mart made by Welspun and labeled “100% Egyptian Cotton.” “We plan to vigorously defend the company,” a Wal-Mart spokesman said. He said the retailer removed such products after conducting a comprehensive review nearly two months ago and since then has offered customers a full refund. A lawyer for Monahan did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Monahan is represented by the law firm Hagens Berman Sobol Shapiro, whose specialties include product liability. Her complaint was filed with the U.S. District Court in Manhattan. Egyptian cotton typically commands premiums from shoppers because its long cotton fibers contribute to a finer, lighter, softer and more durable fabric. READ MORE: Wal-Mart explains how higher wages led to increased earnings Although the United States and Australia produce more high-end cotton, the Egyptian product has retained its prestige because of the northeast African country’s long history of growing it. Wal-Mart has also sold Welspun bed linen under the “Canopy” name, and in September called “unacceptable” the Indian company’s inability to assure that its products were 100 percent Egyptian cotton. WATCH: Walmart effect driving down food prices   The Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer nonetheless decided to work with Welspun to improve quality control and labeling, rather than cut ties. Other U.S. retailers, including Bed Bath & Beyond Inc and J.C. Penney Co, also began reviewing their ties to Welspun after Target’s announcement. The case is Monahan v Wal-Mart Stores Inc, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 16-08662. © 2016 Thomson Reuters Report an error 100 % Egyptian Cotton Wal-Mart Welspun Wal-Mart Welspun linens Wal-Mart Welspun suit Walmart linens lawsuit Welspun lawsuit Welspun linens Editor's Picks Investigations Ontario schools are missing ‘perfect opportunity’ to address mental health amid rash of youth suicides Health Drugs aren’t tested on women like they are on men, and it could have deadly consequences Investigations How mental health should be taught in Canadian schools Politics Why some are blaming Facebook for Donald Trump’s presidential win Politics Remembrance Day 2016: Are the Liberals living up to their promises to veterans? Politics US Presidential Election 2016: How will America heal from the nasty, violent race for president? Canada Reality check: Will new foreign ownership rules make flights in Canada cheaper? FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now 'Corner Gas' star Janet Wright dead at 71 55317 Nearly a quarter of Canadians worry about being able to pay for groceries: poll 33284 2016 will be the hottest year on record 32881 Adult Friend Finder, Penthouse accounts among 400 million leaked in biggest hack of 2016 32389 Bikers stop to help stranded biker, find out it is Bruce Springsteen 30930 Sponsored content Popular Videos ‘Unbelievable father’, loyal and charismatic; friends remember Shakur Jefferies WATCH NOW Chaos erupts at Halifax courthouse after Carvel Clayton appearance WATCH NOW Chris Rock makes SNL cameo to mock white liberals shocked by Trump win WATCH NOW Kate McKinnon’s Hillary Clinton performs Leonard Cohen’s ‘Hallelujah’ WATCH NOW President Obama explains what he’s telling world leaders about Trump WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Share 7 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-14 Joy Anna Duggar Featured In Family Instagram With Baby After Birthday, Jim Bob And Michelle Want Daughter Courting And Engaged? Entertainment 2016-11-14 ‘People’s’ Sexiest Man Alive 2016: Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson Entertainment 2016-11-14 Was Bradley Cooper Really The Only White Guy At The White House BET Party? Dave Chappelle Gets Candid On ‘SNL’ Entertainment 2016-11-14 Jessa Duggar Pregnant, Hides Baby Bump On Seewald Family Blog And Instagram After Jinger Duggar’s Wedding News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2016-11-14 Bernie Voters Know Trump May Actually Do More To Put Progressives In Power Than Clinton Could News 2016-11-14 Will Hot Car Death Dad Justin Ross Harris Get Life In Prison? The Verdict Is In Opinion 2016-11-14 Facebook’s Conservative Media Outlets Need To ‘Drain The Swamp’: News Bias, Lies, Clickbait, And Yellow Journalism Assassinate Hillary Clinton’s Character For A Fake Trump Crusade News 2016-11-14 Sir Frederick Banting Facts: How The Insulin Miracle Happened Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2016-11-14 The New Zealand Earthquake Was So Powerful It Literally Made The Sky Change Color [Video] Gaming 2016-11-14 ‘Pokemon GO’s’ Lapras Event Disturbingly Morbid, But Shows The Game’s Immense Power Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Halo’ 15th Anniversary To Be Celebrated Next Week, Developer 343 Industries Talks Event And Teases Future ‘Halo 5’ Plans Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Steep’ Beta Opens Up To Everyone November 18 Prior To December 2 Release Date BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 ‘Pawn Stars’ Update: Chumlee As Kylo Ren And Donald Trump Jr. And Other Stars Visit Shop While Filming Season 13 Continues BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Hatchimals Are Must-Have Toys This Holiday Season: How Can You Get Your Hands On One? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 New School Dormitory Doors Vandalized With Drawings Of Swastikas SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 7 0 0 November 6, 2016 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Cheryl P Veterans Day is observed every year on November 11, and just like on other federal holidays, people are never quite sure what’s open and what’s closed on Friday. Although there are a number of federal offices and local business that will be closed, rest assured that restaurants will be open and many of them will be serving up a free or discounted meal to veterans. Whether you have the holiday off or you’re working, find information below about the holiday hours for banks, retail stores like Walmart and Target, and the U.S. Post Office, as a list of Veterans Day restaurant freebies and deals offered on a day that was created to honor those who have served in the U.S. Armed Forces. Veterans Day [Image by Brendan Smialowski/Getty Images] According to International Business Times, all U.S. Post Office locations will be closed and there will be no mail delivery on Friday, but you’re in luck if you are expecting a package from UPS or FedEx — both delivery services will be open at regular business hours on Veterans Day. The Office of Veterans Affairs reports that it’s not mandatory for state offices to close on Veterans Day, but most federal offices will be closed. However, many states observe the federal holiday calendar, so expect your local Department of Human Services, Department of Motor Vehicles, public schools, and libraries to close for the day on November 11. Veterans Day is a bank holiday, so that means you may have to use the ATM or your mobile app to do your banking. However, there are a few banks that will be open on Friday, including TD Bank in the Northeast. It’s always a good idea to call ahead before you go or check your bank’s operating hours online. If you have shopping to do on Friday, most big box stores like Walmart, Target, and Kmart will be open, as well as most malls, supermarkets, and liquor stores. Veterans Day [Image by Win McNamee/Getty Images] Most chain restaurants and many local eateries will be open on Friday. Every year, restaurants across the nation are honor veterans as well as active members of the U.S. Military with free or discounted meals on Veterans Day, with some extending the offer throughout the weekend. Some restaurants will be offering a full breakfast, lunch, or dinner with a proper ID to say “thanks for your service.” Others will give a discount or free appetizers, desserts, or simply a free cup of coffee. We love to serve those who served us! All military eat FREE on Veteran's Day, Nov. 11th! #VeteransDay pic.twitter.com/xdhPlZAgMJ — Hooters (@Hooters) October 31, 2016 One thing is for sure — veterans can expect long lines for the freebies on Friday, but it’s worth the wait for some of the offers and it’s likely you will be in line with other veterans who would be more than happy to share their stories with you. Every year, the most popular Veterans Day free meals are offered by popular chains including Olive Garden, Applebee’s, TGI Fridays, Boston Market, Hooters, Golden Corral, and Cracker Barrel. Keep in mind, you’ll need a valid ID that indicates that you are a vet, although some restaurants will allow you to come in uniform to get your freebie. According to The Military Wallet, dozens of restaurants are participating this year and they’ve come up with a printable page of free meals and deals that may come in handy if you’re out and about looking to score a good meal for free — or at least a restaurant that offers a Veterans Day discount. Whether you’re in search of a quick breakfast or a complete meal, it won’t be hard to find a number of chain restaurants that will honor our nations’ veterans this Friday with a free Veterans Day meal. [Featured Image by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Kourtney Kardashian Stuns On Cover Of Magazine Now Read This: ‘One Piece’ Manga Chapter 846: Explosion At Sanji’s Wedding Venue Causes Huge Commotion Allowing Luffy And Nami To Rescue Entire Straw Hats Gang? [Spoilers] Share 7 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Cheryl P Tags: freebies, U.S. Military, veterans day Comments LATEST HEADLINES ‘Public Health Crisis’ Following Trump Election: 250 Percent Spike In Calls To Suicide Hotlines, Students Crippled With Depression Bernie Voters Know Trump May Actually Do More To Put Progressives In Power Than Clinton Could ‘Pawn Stars’ Update: Chumlee As Kylo Ren And Donald Trump Jr. And Other Stars Visit Shop While Filming Season 13 Continues Wanda Sykes Booed Off The Stage For Trashing Trump [Video] Will Hot Car Death Dad Justin Ross Harris Get Life In Prison? The Verdict Is In Facebook’s Conservative Media Outlets Need To ‘Drain The Swamp’: News Bias, Lies, Clickbait, And Yellow Journalism Assassinate Hillary Clinton’s Character For A Fake Trump Crusade Joy Anna Duggar Featured In Family Instagram With Baby After Birthday, Jim Bob And Michelle Want Daughter Courting And Engaged? Jinger Duggar Vuolo, Jeremy Vuolo Give Update: Are They Okay After New Zealand Earthquake? ‘Alaskan Bush People’ Renewed: Season 6 Renewed, But There’s A Catch Miley Cyrus And Liam Hemsworth’s Wedding Called Off Again? She May Not Be Wife Material Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 50.6k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 27k 0 0 Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 226.2k 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 78.2k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 22.3k 0 0 Forget Mars, Trump Wants NASA To Visit Jupiter’s Moon Europa And Explore The Solar System 10.6k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 9.7k 0 0 Recent Headlines Wanda Sykes Booed Off The Stage For Trashing Trump [Video] 0 0 0 Will Hot Car Death Dad Justin Ross Harris Get Life In Prison? The Verdict Is In 0 0 0 Joy Anna Duggar Featured In Family Instagram With Baby After Birthday, Jim Bob And Michelle Want Daughter Courting And Engaged? 1 0 0 Jinger Duggar Vuolo, Jeremy Vuolo Give Update: Are They Okay After New Zealand Earthquake? 7 0 0 ‘Alaskan Bush People’ Renewed: Season 6 Renewed, But There’s A Catch 1 0 0 Miley Cyrus And Liam Hemsworth’s Wedding Called Off Again? She May Not Be Wife Material 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 34° Air Quality: PSI 29-51 We set you thinking Tuesday 15 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Singapore Keeping Singapore’s hawker food affordable and accessible 1479153660 World Russian Economy Minister Ulyukayev detained over bribe 1479169829 Business U.S. congressional panel, SEC reach deal in insider trading probe 1479169432 World New Zealand begins evacuating tourists from quake-hit town 1479170562 Singapore Three hospitals to offer embryo-screening technique in pilot study 1479133560 Singapore Singapore, Indonesia move to boost trade ties 1479098700 Singapore PM Lee hopes for swift resolution to delay of new flight route 1479128460 World Hague prosecutors say U.S. forces may have committed war crimes 1479167513 Business Deloitte, SETL create blockchain-based contactless payment card 1479168705 Business Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet 1479166785 Business Fiat Chrysler, Cummins reject diesel cheating suit 1479165911 World U.S. slams proposed Israeli bill on settlements as 'troubling step' 1479157785 Business Exclusive: Mexico banking watchdog boosts oversight of banks after Trump win 1479165311 Business Nasdaq names Friedman CEO; Greifeld to be chairman 1479163783 Business Wall St. ends flat as financials' rise offsets tech drop 1479159621 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Nov 15 1479134340 World Guerrilla group claims responsibility for attack at French embassy in Athens 1479163130 Business SEC Chair White to time her exit from agency with Obama's 1479162175 World Canada airliner swerves to avoid object near Toronto; two hurt 1479163236 Business Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump 1479161233 Business Reynolds American rejects BAT's $47 billion takeover offer: source 1479161730 Business Big-name investors remained bearish on financials before U.S. election 1479154794 World In Iraq, Syrian Kurds long to return home to fight Islamic State 1479148109 World Russian police find evidence of fraud during parliamentary election 1479158999 World Poland re-examines remains of president killed in 2010 plane crash 1479149793 World Merkel urges Germans to stay 'open-minded' 1479149557 World UAE court jails three men for involvement in banned groups 1479154867 World Austria doesn't need emergency cap on refugees now: minister 1479152896 World Islamic State claims suicide attacks as Mosul campaign makes slow progress 1479151562 World Trump poses daunting new challenge for Germany's Merkel 1479147743 World Nigerian police, Shi'ite Muslims clash in Kano state, at least nine dead 1479149009 World Congo cabinet resigns as part of deal for Kabila to stay 1479150433 World Prosecutors question Julian Assange at Ecuador embassy in London 1479150028 Business Oil rebounds from three-month lows on renewed hopes for OPEC cut 1479159093 Business Too early to tell impact of Trump policies: Fed's Kaplan 1479156434 Business Exclusive: Audit of U.S. stress test ready, may aid Dodd Frank overhaul fight 1479150386 Business U.S. finalizes 'quiet cars' rules to prevent injuries 1479158115 Business American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year 1479148950 Business With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy 1479158008 World Amid crisis, Venezuelan president turns to music 1479145554 Singapore Singapore, Malaysia likely to sign agreement on high-speed rail next month 1479153696 Sports Lions can roar at Suzuki Cup 1479153695 Business SGX, NUS talk local feasibility of dual-class shares 1479153695 Business US$ surges on expectations Trump will boost spending 1479153695 Sports Messi set to leave Barca in 2018 after rejecting offer 1479153694 Singapore Woman to be charged with making false police report 1479153694 Sports Don’t delay appointment of Aitken’s replacement: De Bruin 1479153694 World Malaysia not giving up on TPP 1479153694 Business Singapore kicks off week-long FinTech Festival 1479153693 Business Japan economy grows faster than expected, BOJ governor warns of risks 1479153693 Business Wal-Mart sued over sale of fake 'Egyptian cotton' linen General view shows a Wal-Mart store in Monterrey. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:30 AM, November 9, 2016 Updated: 6:10 AM, November 9, 2016 Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N> was sued on Tuesday on behalf of consumers who said the world's largest retailer sold products falsely labeled "100 % Egyptian Cotton" from an Indian textile company for many years after it first became suspicious of their origin. According to the complaint, Wal-Mart questioned the fiber content of Welspun India Ltd's <WLSP.NS> products as early as 2008, but waited until two months ago to halt sales of its mislabeled Egyptian cotton bed linens, following a similar halt by Target Corp <TGT.N>. The plaintiff, Dorothy Monahan of Michigan, said she overpaid at a Wal-Mart for Better Homes and Gardens bed linens made by Welspun that she thought were made of Egyptian cotton, and therefore higher quality than cheaper bed linens. She accused Wal-Mart of violating U.S. laws governing textile fiber labeling and advertising, and is seeking damages for everyone who has bought bed linens at Wal-Mart made by Welspun and labeled "100% Egyptian Cotton." "We plan to vigorously defend the company," a Wal-Mart spokesman said. He said the retailer removed such products after conducting a comprehensive review nearly two months ago and since then has offered customers a full refund. A lawyer for Monahan did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Monahan is represented by the law firm Hagens Berman Sobol Shapiro, whose specialties include product liability. Her complaint was filed with the U.S. District Court in Manhattan. Egyptian cotton typically commands premiums from shoppers because its long cotton fibers contribute to a finer, lighter, softer and more durable fabric. Although the United States and Australia produce more high-end cotton, the Egyptian product has retained its prestige because of the northeast African country's long history of growing it. Wal-Mart has also sold Welspun bed linen under the "Canopy" name, and in September called "unacceptable" the Indian company's inability to assure that its products were 100 percent Egyptian cotton. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer nonetheless decided to work with Welspun to improve quality control and labeling, rather than cut ties. Other U.S. retailers, including Bed Bath & Beyond Inc <BBBY.O> and J.C. Penney Co <JCP.N>, also began reviewing their ties to Welspun after Target's announcement. The case is Monahan v Wal-Mart Stores Inc, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 16-08662. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yum unit Taco Bell to have 8,000 U.S. outlets by end-2022 With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? What next for Singapore’s private housing market? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Weatherford International CEO Bernard Duroc-Danner leaves Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Wall Street surges after Trump wins White House Wall Street soars as investors see higher chance of Clinton win Inside Today World Russian Economy Minister Ulyukayev detained over bribe Hague prosecutors say U.S. forces may have committed war crimes Canada airliner swerves to avoid object near Toronto; two hurt Guerrilla group claims responsibility for attack at French embassy in Athens New Zealand begins evacuating tourists from quake-hit town Business U.S. congressional panel, SEC reach deal in insider trading probe Deloitte, SETL create blockchain-based contactless payment card Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Fiat Chrysler, Cummins reject diesel cheating suit Exclusive: Mexico banking watchdog boosts oversight of banks after Trump win Sports Lions can roar at Suzuki Cup Messi set to leave Barca in 2018 after rejecting offer Don’t delay appointment of Aitken’s replacement: De Bruin Stakes high in China-Qatar qualifier despite game being a dead rubber Asian Youth development guru sows seeds in S’pore Entertainment Unlucky Jeanette Aw Cinematic Taipei Jackie Chan ‘finally’ gets an Oscar Meet single mother Azizah, who takes care of 4 children and an elderly mum ‘Depressed’ De Niro backs anti-Trump protests About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
null
Police identify man accused of stealing pressure washer from Lel - WSFX - FOX Wilmington, NC Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Carolina in the Morning Maps and Forecasts Hurricane season 2016 Interactive Radar LIVE: Frying Pan Tower Cameras Main Holiday Helper Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases THIS TV Paternity Court Paternity Court Facebook Closed Captioning Concerns FCC Public File EEO Public File Report (WSFX) Closed Captioning Concerns Digital Sales Grow Your Business Descriptive Audio Instructions Police identify man accused of stealing pressure washer from Leland Walmart 2016-11-08T20:59:32Z2016-11-14T19:30:01Z By: WECT Staff Email Connect newsroom@wect.com (Source: Leland Police Department) LELAND, NC (WECT) - Investigators with the Leland Police Department have identified a man accused of stealing a pressure washer from Walmart. According to officials, the incident happened on Oct. 28. Police said Antonio Tacaro Davis, 48, of Wilmington, entered Walmart and took the pressure washer without paying. Davis was last seen driving a tan or gold Toyota sedan with a damaged side mirror on the passenger side. Investigators obtained arrest warrants for Davis but have not served them yet. If anyone knows of Davis' whereabouts, please contact your local law enforcement agency or 911. Copyright 2016 WECT. All rights reserved.  All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices. FCC Public File Email: publicfile@wsfx.com Phone: 910-343-8826 EEO Report Closed Captioning
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Monday, November 14, 2016, 7:05 p.m. Home / Business / News in brief This article was published November 8, 2016 at 2:16 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Home BancShares to buy Florida bank Home BancShares has agreed to acquire Giant Holdings Inc., parent company of Landmark Bank in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., the Conway bank said Monday. Home BancShares will pay $88.5 million for the Florida bank, including $70 million of Home BancShares' stock and $18.5 million in cash. Giant Holdings has $463 million in assets and six branches in the Fort Lauderdale area. The purchase allows Home BancShares, which owns Centennial Bank locations in Arkansas, Florida, Alabama and New York, to increase its market share in Fort Lauderdale, John Allison, Home BancShares' chairman, said in a prepared statement. After the purchase, Home BancShares will have $10.2 billion in assets. When the deal closes early next year, it will be immediately profitable to Home BancShares, Allison said. -- David Smith E-commerce execs departing Wal-Mart A handful of e-commerce executives are leaving Wal-Mart Stores Inc. as the retailer's online division continues its transition under the leadership of Jet.com founder Marc Lore. A company spokesman confirmed last week that Walmart.com Chief Executive Officer Fernando Madeira and Diane Mills, senior vice president of global e-commerce human resources, are leaving the retailer. Brent Beabout, senior vice president of e-commerce supply chain, also has left Wal-Mart and has been replaced by Jet.com co-founder Nate Faust. The management shakeup is taking place months after the retailer purchased Jet.com for $3.3 billion and named Lore its e-commerce chief, replacing Neil Ashe. Lore has been tasked with strengthening a division that accounted for about $14 billion in global e-commerce sales during the 2016 fiscal year. -- Robbie Neiswanger Arkansas Index rises 8.07; Acxiom up 7% The Arkansas Index, a price-weighted index that tracks the largest public companies based in the state, climbed 8.07 to 324.63 Monday. "The major averages closed higher awaiting today's presidential election results," said Bob Williams, senior vice president and managing director of Simmons First Investment Group Inc. in Little Rock. Acxiom jumped more than 7 percent in heavy trading ahead of its earnings report released after market close, Williams said. Total volume for the index was 24.3 million shares. The index was developed by Bloomberg News and the Democrat-Gazette with a base value of 100 as of Dec. 30, 1997. Business on 11/08/2016 Print Headline: News in brief Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Southwest pilots approve contract to raise pa... Bailout funds still flow to banks Retailers eager for Yule spirit, not election... Business news in brief News in brief U.S. stocks surge after FBI clears Clinton Little Rock-based Windstream merging with Ear... A North Little Rock gem, jeweler to close aft... BUSINESS PEOPLE: Latest promotions, hires fro... More Business stories > Comments on: News in brief To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 2 more armed robberies in Hillcrest, Heights neighborhoods reported, police say (23 comments) Little Rock man says girlfriend threatened him with knife, gun, stole phone (1 comment) Police: Woman, child lived with tigers, 'vicious' monkeys (1 comment) Sheriff's office: Fight over Arkansas man's porn viewing 'escalated quickly'; 1 arrested (2 comments) Torres found guilty of capital murder in death of 6-year-old son (12 comments) Retirement's in the weeds for ex-Arkansas Realtor (5 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2016, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2016, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Family of man killed in accident struggling with mounting bills - WMBFNews.com, Myrtle Beach/Florence SC, Weather Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Decision 2016 Slideshows Viewer Pics Live Links Contests Legal Access Hurricane Matthew WMBF News at 4 Download Our New App Lifestyle SC News Now Text Alerts & Emails WMBF News on Facebook @wmbfnews on Twitter @wmbfnews on Instagram WMBFNews on SnapChat Local Local Professionals Center Angel Tree Grand Strand News Pee Dee News Fit Family Friday Deal Diva Student Spotlight Consider This Missing Persons Pets of the Day Obituaries Business Break Lottery Numbers Memorial Day Bikefest 2016 WEATHER Hurricane Matthew Interactive Radar Hurricane Tracker Weather News Skycam Network Text Alerts & Emails Download the free First Alert Weather App for your Android and iOS devices Midland Weather Radio Protect My House Marine Forecast Terminix Mosquito Forecast SPORTS Extra Point South Carolina Sports Headlines Coastal Carolina Chanticleers National Sports Myrtle Beach Pelicans Sports Video North Carolina Sports Headlines Summer Olympics 2016 in Rio Georgia Sports Headlines Athlete of the Week Darlington Race Day Live VIDEO WMBF INVESTIGATES Submit a News Tip Restaurant Scorecard Government Employee Salary Database Special Reports Archive Special Reports Archives: 2014 Special Reports Archives: 2013 Special Reports Archives: 2012 Special Reports Archives: 2011 Special Reports Archives: 2010 CRIME Mugshots of the Day Horry County Suspect Search Crime in the Grand Strand Crime in the Pee Dee Crime Links Contact Local Law Enforcement Traffic Just Drive Real-time Traffic SCDOT cameras, incident map, and information Family Travel International Travel Gas Price Corner TV What's On Now WMBF News Channel List Grit TV Bounce TV What's On NBC Right This Minute Video Coverage Flip My Food Fix It & Finish It ABOUT US Meet the WMBF Team Advertise with WMBF News Contact WMBF News Digital Sales Closed Captioning Internship Opportunities RSS Employment Tour WMBF News WMBF Public File Shop 84300 Family of man killed in accident struggling with mounting bills 2016-11-08T04:09:16Z2016-11-08T04:28:44Z By Lisa Gresci, Anchor Email Connect lgresci@wmbfnews.com Raye Farrar and his family. (Source: WMBF News) NORTH MYRTLE BEACH, SC (WMBF) - What was supposed to be a quick trip to Walmart for 49-year-old Raye Farrar took a tragic turn. An accident left his two children without a father and his deaf wife without a husband. “I thought he was gone for a bit too long, you know I'm texting him. You know, where are you? No answer.  Next thing I know I've got troopers on my front porch, and they're like 'Oh your husband was in an accident.' So I'm like 'Okay, which hospital? I'll go get him.' And they are like 'No, he's not coming home,'” Tina said in tears. Her children, Amy, who is 11 years old, and Michael who is 13 years old, heard Tina screaming. Tina says the motorcycle was nothing but a heap of metal, and the only thing to come out of the accident unscathed were Raye's riding boots. A grim thought for Tina: her son asked to go with him that night. “…he said no not this time Mike. And I thank God, I thank God. But if I lost both I would be catatonic right now. I mean I'm not in great shape losing him, but I would be a million times worse if I lost them both,” she said. Tina has to stomach driving by the crash scene every day, and passing the cross she placed there in Raye's memory, but she knows she has to stay strong for her children, something she's struggling with financially now that Raye is gone. “So it's, I pay this guy, and these guys say you're late paying, turns out it was due the day he died. So nobody knew about it nobody paid it,” she said. Though Raye was a veteran and served in the Navy, Tina says she is having trouble collecting benefits, and social security payment. “I tell people okay, he's deceased. 'Well okay we have to have the death certificate.' Well we won’t have those for another ten to twelve weeks, I'm told,” she said. Tina says the bills aren't the only things building up. “We’ve got a pile of condolence cards already just a stack high that I've got to respond to. But sitting down and writing out thank you notes, is another nail of finality that I haven't quite been able to approach yet, because when you write them, it makes it more real,” she cried. Tina, who is trying to put together pictures of the past for Raye's memorial service, is having the hardest time coping with the thought of him not being there in the future, especially when it comes to Amy and Michael. “He’ll be playing in jazz band and jazz performances this Friday, and Raye would have been there and Raye would have taken him to the football game to play the game, you know he would have been there for all her plays and musicals that she's in,” she said. As much as it pains her to ask for help, she knows she needs to for her children. Though she is trying not to break down, she admits she's still struggling with the fact things may only get harder before they get any easier and when she can, she still talks to her husband. “Sometimes to have my mini conversations with Raye, why didn't you take the car keys, why didn't you do this. To tell him how hard it is, to tell him that we need him,” she said tearfully. Right now there is a Go Fund me account set up for the Farrar Family. You can help by donating. https://www.gofundme.com/raye-farrar Raye’s memorial service is November 19th from 10 a.m. to 12 p.m. at the Lee Funeral Home and Crematory.  Related Story: UPDATE: Victim in deadly North Myrtle Beach motorcycle crash... Copyright 2016 WMBF News. All rights reserved. Local NewsLocalMore>> Breaking Pee Dee counties under air quality alert due to wildfires Pee Dee counties under air quality alert due to wildfires Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 7:01 PM EST2016-11-15 00:01:37 GMT Source: WMBF News The National Weather Service has issued an air quality alert for Pee Dee counties in reference to the numerous wildfires within the southern Appalachian Mountain region.More >> The National Weather Service has issued an air quality alert for Pee Dee counties in reference to the numerous wildfires within the southern Appalachian Mountain region.More >> Actor Daniel Baldwin joins local fight against heroin epidemic Actor Daniel Baldwin joins local fight against heroin epidemic Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:46 PM EST2016-11-14 23:46:28 GMT Actor Daniel Baldwin, standing, addresses a group during a meeting about heroin recovery. (Source: Lisa Gresci) Each day, law enforcement faces the reality of the heroin epidemic nationwide. Now, the question that needs to be answered is how do residents come together as a community and stop this epidemic. More >> Each day, law enforcement faces the reality of the heroin epidemic nationwide. Now, the question that needs to be answered is how do residents come together as a community and stop this epidemic.More >> Breaking Fire crews put out blaze at Old Heafner Tire facility Monday morning Fire crews put out blaze at Old Heafner Tire facility Monday morning Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:29 PM EST2016-11-14 23:29:46 GMT Old Heafner Tire facility, tire storage unit (Source: Whitney Phelan) Florence firefighters responded to a fire at the Old Heafner Tire facility Monday morning at approximately 3:00, according to Florence City Fire Chief Randall Osterman.More >> Florence firefighters responded to a fire at the Old Heafner Tire facility Monday morning at approximately 3:00, according to Florence City Fire Chief Randall Osterman.More >> Community activist calls for comprehensive plan to curb violence Community activist calls for comprehensive plan to curb violence Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:28 PM EST2016-11-14 23:28:36 GMT Bennie Swans said more communication is needed to tackle gun violence (Source: Amy Lipman) Community Activist Bennie Swans said recent shootings in Longs show the efforts that have been put forth over the past year to curb gun violence still aren’t enough. More >> Community Activist Bennie Swans said recent shootings in Longs show the efforts that have been put forth over the past year to curb gun violence still aren’t enough.More >> Elementary students thank Horry County officers for work during Hurricane Matthew Elementary students thank Horry County officers for work during Hurricane Matthew Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 5:16 PM EST2016-11-14 22:16:47 GMT Horry County officers received letters from students thanking them for their work during Hurricane Matthew. (Source: HCPD Facebook page) Some Horry County fourth-graders took time to thank emergency responders for what they did to keep the community safe during Hurricane Matthew.More >> Some Horry County fourth-graders took time to thank emergency responders for what they did to keep the community safe during Hurricane Matthew.More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Updated: Thursday, November 10 2016 12:28 PM EST2016-11-10 17:28:34 GMT Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday. More >> Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday.More >> Baby severely injured in alleged child abuse; 2 arrested Baby severely injured in alleged child abuse; 2 arrested Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 10:24 AM EST2016-11-14 15:24:47 GMT (Credit: KMOV). Megan Hendricks (left) and Robert Burnette (right) have been arrested and charged for allegedly abusing their 6-month-old son. Police have arrested and charged two parents after investigators say the father allegedly shoved his fingers down his 6-month-old son’s throat to stop him from crying.More >> Police have arrested and charged two parents after investigators say the father allegedly shoved his fingers down his 6-month-old son’s throat to stop him from crying.More >> Chili's removes manager who took away vet's meal Chili's removes manager who took away vet's meal Posted: Monday, November 14 2016 7:47 PM EST2016-11-15 00:47:36 GMT Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 7:47 PM EST2016-11-15 00:47:36 GMT The parent company of Chili's says it wants to make things right after a veteran had his free meal taken away on Veterans Day. More >> The president of the Chili's restaurant chain says the manager who took away a veteran's free Veterans Day meal has been "removed" from the job.More >> Justin Ross Harris found guilty on all charges in hot car death trial Justin Ross Harris found guilty on all charges in hot car death trial Posted: Wednesday, November 9 2016 4:49 PM EST2016-11-09 21:49:14 GMT Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 7:07 PM EST2016-11-15 00:07:53 GMT Source: WGCL Justin Ross Harris has been found guilty on all charges after being accused of leaving his child in a hot car to die back in June 2014. More >> Justin Ross Harris has been found guilty on all charges after being accused of leaving his child in a hot car to die back in June 2014.More >> 4 tigers found living in woman's home 4 tigers found living in woman's home Posted: Monday, November 14 2016 10:32 AM EST2016-11-14 15:32:10 GMT Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 10:32 AM EST2016-11-14 15:32:09 GMT Court documents show Trisha Meyer kept three tiger cubs, an adult tiger, a fox, a skunk and several monkeys in a home she was leasing. More >> Court documents show Trisha Meyer kept three tiger cubs, an adult tiger, a fox, a skunk and several monkeys in a home she was leasing.More >> Monday is your chance to see largest Supermoon in 68 years Monday is your chance to see largest Supermoon in 68 years Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 12:27 AM EST2016-11-14 05:27:16 GMT image: space.com The brightest, largest and closest-to-earth full moon in 68 years will be viewable Monday morning and night. More >> The brightest, largest and closest-to-earth full moon in 68 years will be viewable Monday morning and night.More >> Release ordered for 'Making a Murderer' subject Dassey Release ordered for 'Making a Murderer' subject Dassey Posted: Monday, November 14 2016 2:39 PM EST2016-11-14 19:39:48 GMT Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 3:09 PM EST2016-11-14 20:09:50 GMT Brendan Dassey, the man convicted of a killing in 2007 and made famous in the documentary "Making a Murderer," has been ordered to be freed from prison Monday.More >> Brendan Dassey, the man convicted of a killing in 2007 and made famous in the documentary "Making a Murderer," has been ordered to be freed from prison Monday.More >> In complete reversal, Obama refuses to criticize Trump In complete reversal, Obama refuses to criticize Trump Posted: Monday, November 14 2016 6:47 PM EST2016-11-14 23:47:38 GMT Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:47 PM EST2016-11-14 23:47:38 GMT It was supposed to be his grand valedictory tour. Now President Barack Obama must use his last major trip abroad to try to calm shocked world leaders about the outcome of the U.S. election, and what comes next when...More >> President Barack Obama on Monday abandoned his dire warnings and dark predictions about his newly elected successor and urged Americans to give President-elect Donald Trump time to rise to the daunting responsibilities of...More >> Attorney sentenced to 12 years for hypnotizing, sexually assaulting female clients Attorney sentenced to 12 years for hypnotizing, sexually assaulting female clients Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 10:26 AM EST2016-11-14 15:26:10 GMT Michael Fine (Source: Lorain County Jail) Michael W. Fine, 59, permanently relinquished his law license last year after one of his clients took recordings of him hypnotizing and sexually abusing her during one of their meetings. More >> Michael W. Fine, 59, permanently relinquished his law license last year after one of his clients took recordings of him hypnotizing and sexually abusing her during one of their meetings. More >> $2,000 reward offered for man who set puppy on fire $2,000 reward offered for man who set puppy on fire Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 10:56 AM EST2016-11-14 15:56:58 GMT Richland County Sheriff's deputies are searching for a man who set a puppy on fire in a church parking lot Saturday.More >> Richland County Sheriff's deputies are searching for a man who set a puppy on fire in a church parking lot Saturday.More >>    Can't Find Something? 918 Frontage Rd. East Myrtle Beach, SC 29577 (843) 839-9623 FCC Public File sarahmiles@wmbfnews.com (843) 839-9623 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Google Allo, WhatsApp, Messenger, Telegram; which is the best messaging app for you? By Rehan Hooda 13   Comments 5 reasons why LeEco’s TV will beat Samsung in India? 5   Comments Researchers find that surface of Mars is so dry that it is uninhabitable 4   Comments Currency ban: An analysis of social media sentiment around India’s latest financial regulation By Nash David 3   Comments Amazon India could kill Netflix with this new Prime Video subscription plan By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments more from #Wal-Mart Wal-Mart is in talks with mobile wallet companies to offer more payment options Flipkart and Walmart in talks to join forces against Amazon in India China online unit of Wal-Mart to be sold to JD.com for a 5 percent stake Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Wal-Mart is in talks with mobile wallet companies to offer more payment options #Wal-Mart Image Credits: REUTERS 0   08 Nov 2016 , 09:03 Wal-Mart Stores Inc is in talks with several mobile wallet companies to offer more payment options in its Wal-Mart Pay app, an executive at the world’s largest retailer said, after signing up JPMorgan Chase & Co last week. Starting next year, Chase Pay will become the first third-party digital wallet on Wal-Mart’s website and app, they said on Thursday. Customers can pay within the app with any major credit, debit, pre-paid or Walmart gift card. Daniel Eckert, senior vice-president of services at Wal-Mart U.S., said in an interview late on Friday that the retailer would tweak its marketing for the app after the most frequent users turned out to be Gen X customers, born from 1965 to 1967, and baby boomers born from 1946 to 1964. “The target demographic during the launch of a technology product tends to be younger, more male, so we have had that target market in mind,” Eckert said. U.S. mobile payments accounted for an estimated $67 billion in 2015, and are expected to grow this year to $83 billion, or 24 percent of all purchases made via smartphones, according to the latest Forrester Research data. Apple Inc’s Apple Pay or Alphabet Inc’s Android Pay are the most popular digital wallets, and U.S. retailers have launched many mobile payment apps in the last two years. But acceptance has been slow, largely because most systems require new equipment at stores. Wal-Mart Pay was launched in December 2015 and can be used in all of the retailer’s 4,600 U.S. stores. Customers at the checkout counter must choose the payment option within the app on their smartphone, and activate the camera to scan the code at the register. An e-receipt is sent to the app. Eckert also said more than 90 percent of transactions on the app involve customers are using the service more than three to four times a month. He declined to give the overall number of users who use Wal-Mart Pay. Wal-Mart leads a consortium of U.S. retailers developing a mobile wallet app called CurrentC. The group, which includes Target Corp and Best Buy Co Inc, said earlier this year it would delay launching the app after the project hit several roadblocks. Reuters Tags: Apple, Google, mobile wallet, Wal-Mart, Wal-Mart Pay Also read Intex partners with mRUPEE to release its mobile wallet called Intex MyWallet Google, Microsoft, Samsung digital wallets integrate with online banking services X Recommended For You China online unit of Wal-Mart to be sold to JD.com for a 5 percent stake What’s the future of the physical store? Amazon says Prime Day orders beat last year’s Black Friday It’s the ‘year of Apple Pay’, yet major retailers remain sceptical Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Demonetisation Nov 14, 2016 How to verify the authenticity of the new Rs 500 and Rs 2000 currency notes #Apple Nov 14, 2016 Pregnant woman in Sydney suffers second degree burns because of charging iPhone 7 #ZMP Nov 14, 2016 Japanese self driving car maker ZMP receives approval for going public #Visual Studio Nov 14, 2016 Microsoft has announced that it will be bringing the entire Visual Studio IDE to macOS this month #Microsoft Nov 14, 2016 Microsoft pays hackers $120,000 for compromising the Edge browser SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality Rating : 8 / 10 Yu Yureka Review: Micromax delivers a good, affordable 4G-enabled phablet; Should Xiaomi worry? T & C Policy Contact Us US Election 2016 Copyright © 2016 Tech2.com
Connect with us facebook twitter CNET Reviews Top Categories CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums Popular Forums Computer Help Computer Newbies Laptops Phones TVs & Home Theaters Networking & Wireless Windows 7 Windows 10 Cameras All Forums News Top Categories Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Top Categories Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Top Categories Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Top Categories Tour CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Top Categories Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Top Categories Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Sign In / Join Sign In to CNET Join CNET Member Benefits My Profile Forums Sign Out US Other editions United Kingdom Australia China France Germany Japan Korea CNET en Español HolidayBuyer's Guide CNET Deals My Little Pony Cutie Mark Magic Figure for $3 + pickup at Walmart My Little Pony Cutie Mark Magic Figure for $3 + pickup at Walmart Published: 7 days ago / Buy Now $3 Buy Now Walmart offers the My Little Pony Cutie Mark Magic Applejack Figure, model no. B2146, for $3.18 $2.99. Opt for in-store pickup to dodge the $5.97 shipping charge. That's the lowest price we could find by $13. It includes a bracelet and features a scannable cutie mark that unlocks the character in the My Little Pony Friendship Celebration app. Also available is the My Little Pony Cutie Mark Magic Pinkie Pie Figure, model no. B1188, for $3.18 $2.99. Opt for in-store pickup to dodge the $5.97 shipping charge. That's $2 off list and the lowest price we could find. It includes a charm and necklace. facebook twitter googleplus linkedin more more + comments 0 email tumblr stumble reddit pinterest digg Related Deals SEE ALL LEGO Disney Arendelle Castle Celebration for $38 + pickup at Walmart LEGO Star Wars Death Star Final Duel for $57 + free shipping LEGO Technic Race Truck for $40 + free shipping Popular deals Funko Figures at GameStop from 47 cents + free shipping w/ $25 Frontier Airlines Nationwide Fares from $19 1-way K'Nex K-Force Motorized Blaster Building Set - $28.99 Koziol Hedgehog Grater - $13.95 Web Hosting & Services Solutions Your destination for all things hosting and more! Find the best providers, plans and deals, learn what you need to know to build your web presence and optimize your site. Use our comparison tools and speed test, get support in our forums and much more. Learn more! © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement cnet Reviews All Reviews Audio Cameras Laptops Phones Roadshow Smart Home Tablets TVs News All News Apple Crave Internet Microsoft Mobile Sci-Tech Security Tech Industry Video All Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Next Big Thing On Cars Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts More About CBS Interactive About CNET CNET 100 CNET Deals CNET Forums CNET Magazine CNET Mobile Help Center Permissions Follow CNET via... Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Newsletters RSS
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Top Stories  • Video •  Live TV new Staff Stories Most Popular Front Page News All Latest One News Page > News Videos > Wal-Mart Vs. Target Wal-Mart Vs. Target Duration: 00:39s - Published: 3 weeks ago< > Embed TETERBORO, N.J. (AP) — Wal-Mart, long known for emphasizing low prices, wants to be known this holiday season for superior customer service. That comes after its main rival Target, which has a better image in that regard, stressed a focus on offering deals. The world's largest retailer plans to deploy "holiday helpers" stationed at the checkouts, who can direct customers to registers with shorter lines or even run back to the aisles to pick up an item a customer forgot. 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Transcript: Wal-Mart Vs. Target Wal-Mart is trying to be known this holiday season for superior customer service. Rival Target, which has a better image in that regard, is stressing a focus on offering deals. The world's largest retailer plans to deploy "holiday helpers" stationed at the checkouts, who can direct customers to registers with shorter lines or even run back to the aisles to pick up an item a customer forgot. Recent related news Wal-Mart sued over Egyptian cotton claimsWal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) is facing a lawsuit over falsely labeled Egyptian cotton products.... bizjournals 8 hours ago - Business Wal-Mart, Target take holiday cues from each otherWal-Mart and Target are each taking a cue from the other this holiday season.  After years of... L.A. Times 1 week ago - Asia-Pacific You Might Like Facebook Page People Donald Trump Gwen Ifill Bernie Sanders Barack Obama Roddy Piper Current Topics Making A Murderer Ifill Dies Pbs Newshour Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: Arrival Ronald McDonald Retired: But Will He Return? Is There Still a Chance Brexit Will Be Blocked? Would Bernie Sanders Have Beaten Trump? Genesis Reborn: Sega's Iconic Console Returns To Production Will Michelle Obama Run For President In 2020? Time To Get Animated: WhatsApp Now Supports GIFs Michael Moore's Five-Step 'Election Morning-After' Checklist Goes Viral Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Talk Business & Politics you're viewing Statewide change region Central Arkansas Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith area Save Statewide Name Menu Microsites Finance Energy Startup Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Close Business Politics Video / Podcasts Advertise Contact Us Community Member stories Create an account Submit a blog post Close Northwest Arkansas robotics training school seeks to address skills gap by Kim Souza. Published Nov 7th, 2016 6:25 pm ksouza@talkbusiness.net / @tbarkansas The future is here in terms of robotic applications used by Wal-Mart Stores, Tyson Foods, Baldor Electric Co. and other large Arkansas employers. But a shortage in robotic techs is holding back more automation, said Tomas Blodgett, director of operations for automation and robotics at Multi-craft Contractors in Springdale. Blodgett was one of five speakers to discuss workforce shortages in the trades at the Northwest Arkansas Workforce Summit held in Springdale on Monday (Nov. 7). More than 500 educators and business professionals attended the first of what will be a two-day session dedicated to workforce shortages in many trades. He said there are several companies that could expand their operations if they had the necessary workforce. A partnership between MCC, the Fayetteville Chamber of Commerce, NorthWest Arkansas Community College and other industry players is launching a Robotics Training Center in early 2015 aimed at next generation competency training such as robotics technicians. The NWA Robotics Training Center, located in downtown Fayetteville in the former Chamber offices at 123 W. Mountain St., has a capacity of 48 students per month. “We are negotiating with two robotics manufacturers —Fanuc and ABB (parent company of Baldor Electric in Fort Smith) — to become a certified and accredited training center for their robot systems. It’s a one-week class and once a student graduates they are certified as a Fanuc or ABB robotic technician, which includes maintenance and operations. To get it the students must pass an academic test and a skills test,” said Fayetteville Chamber CEO Steve Clark. He said one of the robotic systems uses a camera and the technician must be able program the robot to recognize certain traits in items it can see with the camera. “We hope to be up and running in early in the first quarter. We did get a grant of $450,000 from the Department of Commerce … to purchase the eight robots that will be used in the training. These are robots like what is being used at Pace Industries and Superior Industries,” Clark told Talk Business & Politics. He said the Fayetteville Chamber got involved in this program because its employers need the help. “We have to think about automation in the 21st Century the same way we thought about what the computer chip did in the last century. The impact can be very similar. Automation can help companies with efficiencies which allows more time for future innovation. Our goal is to create a workforce than can help facilitate automation and also attract other businesses here,” Clark added. Blodgett said there is little to no similar training in the many areas of the United States – except in Michigan which moved to robotics in the auto industry in the 1980s. He said if this region can have an accredited training center it will not only help the local employers automate faster, but it will be a magnet for others to follow. Blodgett said there are about 2,000 industry robots now in use within a 100-mile radius of Springdale. He said one project MCC is working on would double that number almost instantly if the workforce was available to support the transition. MCC is involved in robotics because it sets up manufacturing robotic systems and sells robots and the set-up and servicing for the two major manufacturers, ABB and Fanuc. Blodgett said one of the visioning robots used at the Veterans Administration Hospital in Northwest Arkansas sorts pharmaceuticals by color, size or other characteristics which are programmed into the machine. It does the work of pharmacy technician. He said 15 years ago the machine would have cost about $80,000, but now is priced at $26,000. “We have secured one instructor for the robotics training center, but we still have one more to hire. The companies have been supportive of this program with the understanding that the first slots in the classes go to local manufacturers who have personnel to train. But anyone can apply for the training, understanding that local industry gets priority on the open slots. We hope to be able recruit nationally after a few months,” Clark said. Blodgett said the industry realizes the need for such training, but state and federal funding has lagged behind. Author Bio: See latest posts Comments 4shares Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Opinion Ruth Whitney Volunteering should be part of the business plan Michael Tilley Riff Raff: A Veterans Day remembrance Justin Allen Marijuana and the constitutionality of ‘Shall means shall’ Randy Zook Issue 3 will mean jobs for Arkansas Michael Tilley Riff Raff: 3 concerns with Issue 3 Special Sections Home Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Magazine Opinion © 2015 Talk Business & Politics. All Rights Reserved
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Minimum wage hikes in four states show path for labor under Trump Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States U.S. | Wed Nov 9, 2016 | 6:21pm EST Minimum wage hikes in four states show path for labor under Trump Demonstrators gather for a protest calling for a $15-an-hour nationwide minimum wage in downtown Chicago, Illinois, United States, April 14, 2016. REUTERS/Jim Young By Lisa Baertlein and Nandita Bose | LOS ANGELES/CHICAGO LOS ANGELES/CHICAGO Voters in four states raised minimum wages on Tuesday even as Republicans who oppose such increases won nationally, indicating that workers may still be able to improve compensation at the expense of restaurants, retailers and other employers. Pay hikes appeal to working-class voters who lifted Republican Donald Trump to a decisive win in the U.S. presidential race, and also to liberals who voted for Hillary Clinton, worker advocates said. "This could be a uniting issue," said Saru Jayaraman, co-director of the Restaurant Opportunities Centers United and director of the Food Labor Research Center at University of California, Berkeley. Voters in Arizona, Colorado and Maine voted to raise their minimum wages to $12 by 2020. Washington State agreed to take the minimum wage to $13.50 in the same time span. Jonathan Schleifer, executive director of the Fairness Project, which has supported minimum wage campaigns across the United States, said any near-term federal action was unlikely under Trump but activists were considering a minimum wage campaign in New Jersey. New Jersey Governor Chris Christie vetoed a $15 per hour minimum wage bill this year, calling it a "radical increase." Christie, a stalwart Trump supporter, could have a place in the new administration. "For the next four years ballot initiatives are going to be the only way forward for us to be able to raise the minimum wage for working Americans and their families," Schleifer said. The United Food & Commercial Workers International Union President Marc Perrone said stakeholders of the minimum wage movement, including different labor unions and worker groups, are also looking at Pennslyvania, New Mexico, Massachusetts and Rhode Island for state ballot initiatives. "By January, February next year we are going to start to research so we can prep for the next election cycle." Perrone said selection of states will ultimately depend on what the electorate in each state wants. Restaurants and retailers are most exposed to minimum wage hikes, as the two largest U.S. employers of low-wage workers. Stephen Anderson, restaurant analyst at Maxim Group, said the latest state minimum wage increases will affect Chipotle Mexican Grill, Jack in the Box and Red Robin Gourmet Burgers the most. Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest retailer and private sector employer in the United States, raised its minimum wage for store workers to $10 per hour in 2016. Its rival Target Corp also raised floor wages to $10 an hour. Anderson said the added cost of wage increases might be offset significantly by business-friendly policies championed by Trump and the Republican-controlled Congress. These could include changes to the "Obamacare" healthcare law and a rollback of new rules broadening overtime eligibility. Trump also will have the opportunity to weaken regulations and change the makeup of the National Labor Relations Board. The NLRB is considering, for instance, whether McDonald's Corp is liable for labor law violations by franchisees, and could be required to bargain with workers who unionize. Dan Schlademan, co-director of OUR Walmart, a worker group seeking higher wages and better benefits at Walmart, said: "The bigger concern here for us is what happens with the labor board and the Department of Labor, where Republican control can change important things for workers and make them detrimental." Trump has said he would support a $10 federal minimum wage, adding it should be left up to the states to lead on the issue. The new Washington and Arizona laws also require employers to provide paid sick leave. Maine's successful initiative also would increase base pay for tipped workers. California and New York already passed laws to raise state minimum wages to $15 per hour over time. The results on the minimum wage ballot initiatives show voters are angry and demanding change, said Christine Owens, executive director of the National Employment Law Project. "Voters in red, purple and blue states across the country decisively backed raises to the minimum wage, delivering badly needed raises for 2.3 million workers," she said. (Reporting by Lisa Baertlein in Los Angeles, Nandita Bose in Chicago and Daniel Wiessner in Albany, New York. Editing by Peter Henderson and David Gregorio) Next In U.S. New York police probe swastikas amid reports of hate crimes NEW YORK Police in New York were investigating two cases on Monday involving swastikas drawn or painted in public spaces, as civil rights activists said there had been a surge in hate crimes following last week's U.S presidential election. U.S. internet firms ask Trump to support encryption, ease regulations WASHINGTON U.S. internet companies including Facebook Inc and Amazon Inc have sent President-elect Donald Trump a detailed list of their policy priorities, which includes promoting strong encryption, immigration reform and maintaining liability protections from content that users share on their platforms. Chicago reaffirms immigrant 'sanctuary' status after Trump's win CHICAGO Mayor Rahm Emanuel on Monday reaffirmed Chicago's status as a haven for immigrants fearing deportation for entering the United States illegally, a day after President-elect Donald Trump vowed to expel as many as 3 million immigrants who he said have criminal records. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Growing up as a refugee Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Minimum wage hikes in four states show path for labor under Trump By Reuters Published: 18:12 EST, 9 November 2016 | Updated: 18:12 EST, 9 November 2016 e-mail By Lisa Baertlein and Nandita Bose LOS ANGELES/CHICAGO, Nov 9 (Reuters) - Voters in four states raised minimum wages on Tuesday even as Republicans who oppose such increases won nationally, indicating that workers may still be able to improve compensation at the expense of restaurants, retailers and other employers. Pay hikes appeal to working-class voters who lifted Republican Donald Trump to a decisive win in the U.S. presidential race, and also to liberals who voted for Hillary Clinton, worker advocates said. "This could be a uniting issue," said Saru Jayaraman, co-director of the Restaurant Opportunities Centers United and director of the Food Labor Research Center at University of California, Berkeley. Voters in Arizona, Colorado and Maine voted to raise their minimum wages to $12 by 2020. Washington State agreed to take the minimum wage to $13.50 in the same time span. Jonathan Schleifer, executive director of the Fairness Project, which has supported minimum wage campaigns across the United States, said any near-term federal action was unlikely under Trump but activists were considering a minimum wage campaign in New Jersey. New Jersey Governor Chris Christie vetoed a $15 per hour minimum wage bill this year, calling it a "radical increase." Christie, a stalwart Trump supporter, could have a place in the new administration. "For the next four years ballot initiatives are going to be the only way forward for us to be able to raise the minimum wage for working Americans and their families," Schleifer said. The United Food & Commercial Workers International Union President Marc Perrone said stakeholders of the minimum wage movement, including different labor unions and worker groups, are also looking at Pennslyvania, New Mexico, Massachusetts and Rhode Island for state ballot initiatives. "By January, February next year we are going to start to research so we can prep for the next election cycle." Perrone said selection of states will ultimately depend on what the electorate in each state wants. Restaurants and retailers are most exposed to minimum wage hikes, as the two largest U.S. employers of low-wage workers. Stephen Anderson, restaurant analyst at Maxim Group, said the latest state minimum wage increases will affect Chipotle Mexican Grill, Jack in the Box and Red Robin Gourmet Burgers the most. Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest retailer and private sector employer in the United States, raised its minimum wage for store workers to $10 per hour in 2016. Its rival Target Corp also raised floor wages to $10 an hour. Anderson said the added cost of wage increases might be offset significantly by business-friendly policies championed by Trump and the Republican-controlled Congress. These could include changes to the "Obamacare" healthcare law and a rollback of new rules broadening overtime eligibility. Trump also will have the opportunity to weaken regulations and change the makeup of the National Labor Relations Board. The NLRB is considering, for instance, whether McDonald's Corp is liable for labor law violations by franchisees, and could be required to bargain with workers who unionize. Dan Schlademan, co-director of OUR Walmart, a worker group seeking higher wages and better benefits at Walmart, said: "The bigger concern here for us is what happens with the labor board and the Department of Labor, where Republican control can change important things for workers and make them detrimental." Trump has said he would support a $10 federal minimum wage, adding it should be left up to the states to lead on the issue. The new Washington and Arizona laws also require employers to provide paid sick leave. Maine's successful initiative also would increase base pay for tipped workers. California and New York already passed laws to raise state minimum wages to $15 per hour over time. The results on the minimum wage ballot initiatives show voters are angry and demanding change, said Christine Owens, executive director of the National Employment Law Project. "Voters in red, purple and blue states across the country decisively backed raises to the minimum wage, delivering badly needed raises for 2.3 million workers," she said. (Reporting by Lisa Baertlein in Los Angeles, Nandita Bose in Chicago and Daniel Wiessner in Albany, New York. Editing by Peter Henderson and David Gregorio) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun Meghan Markle's words to her TV lover may not be well Suited to real life relationships if her potential father-in-law is anything to go by, says EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE  'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Celebrity cover up! From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
              Home E-edition Archives Advertise News Stands Public Records Obituaries Opinion Religion Education Government Events Sports Agriculture Health Business Police respond to report of stolen car Nov 9th, 2016 | By South Platte Sentinel | Category: Public Records STERLING POLICE DEPARTMENT Nov. 2 At 10 a.m. Angela Durossette, 24, of Fort Scott, Kan., was arrested in the 100 block of North Riverview Road on a warrant out of Sterling Police Department for failure to appear. Her bond was set at $100. Nov. 1 At 12:57 a.m. Theronne Lavonne Bell, 47, of Sterling, was arrested in the 1200 block of Hamilton Street on a charge of Violation of a Protection Order. At 9:02 a.m. Angel Lee Dionne Lear-Lux, 21, of Sterling, was arrested in the 2500 block of East Chestnut Street on a warrant out of Adams County Sheriff’s Office for failure to appear. She was held on no bond. At 5:41 p.m. police responded to the 300 block of Pine Street for theft. A Craftsman Cube toolbox with drawers filled with tools, valued at $300, was taken between 12 p.m. Oct. 28 and 5:43 p.m. Oct. 1. Oct. 31 At 3:10 a.m. Desiray Rose Gamez, 25, of Sterling, was arrested in the 400 block of South. Fourth Avenue on charges of Contempt of Court, Violation of a Protection Order, Possession of a Schedule I/II Controlled Substance and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia. At 3:08 p.m. a 1998 Chevrolet Blazer, driven by Amanda Lewis, 28, of Sterling, and a 2012 Chevrolet Cruze, driven by Emily Naugle, 28, of Sterling, both parked in the dirt shoulder of the 300 block of Douglas Street, began to back out when the Blazer’s rear end collided with the Cruze’s rear passenger side. No injuries were reported. The Blazer sustained slight damage and the Cruze sustained moderate damage. Lewis was cited for Operating an Uninsured Motor Vehicle On a Public Roadway, and issued an insurance affidavit and notice of suspension. Oct. 30 At 7:30 p.m. Darrek John Morkert, 48, of Sterling, was issued a municipal court summons in the 1500 block of Evans Street for Disturbing the Peace with injury. At 7:15 p.m. Erica Denise Madril, 41, of Sterling, was issued a municipal court summons in the 500 block of Park Street for disturbing the peace with injury. At 4:31 p.m. Mark Dallas Cox, 50, of Sterling, was issued a summons at Wal-Mart, 1510 W. Main St., for theft.Oct. 28 At 12:12 p.m. Jordan Alexander Horvath, 21, of Sterling, was arrested at 1216 Phelps St. D., on two warrants out of Sterling Police Department for attempting to influence a public servant and false reporting to authorities, and first degree burglary, felony menacing, second degree trespassing, false imprisonment, obstruction of telephone service and cruelty to animals. He also held on two warrants out of Weld County Sheriff’s Office for failure to comply and escape. Horvath was held on no bond. At 7:23 a.m. Mary Jane Daniels, 38, of Sterling, was arrested at 331 State St. on charges of Assault in the Third Degree, Domestic Violence, Child Abuse Without Injury and Violation of a Protection Order. Jeremy Adam Davis, 32, of Sterling, was also arrested on charges of Assault in the Third Degree, Domestic Violence and Child Abuse Without Injury. At 9:39 p.m. Joshua Lopez, 36, of Sterling, was arrested at 600 Broadway Street on charges of failure to stop at a sign, obstructing a peace officer, resisting arrest, unlawfully carrying a concealed weapon, possession of weapons by offender, violation/revocation of bail bond, two counts of violation of a protection order, reckless driving, reckless endangerment and tampering with physical evidence, as well as a warrant out of another agency for failure to appear. At 11:40 a.m. Jordan Alexander Horvath, 21, of Sterling, was booked on a warrant for assault in the third degree, harassment and domestic violence, while in the Logan County Jail. He was held on no bail until advisement. At 8:29 a.m. police responded to the 500 block of East Broadway Street for a burglary. A seven-inch touch screen car radio, valued at $200, was taken between 11 p.m. Oct. 27 and 5:30 a.m. Oct. 28. Oct. 27 At 9:02 a.m. police responded to the 400 block of West Main Street for theft. A teal 1996 Dodge Intrepid, valued at $1,000, was taken between 10 and 11 p.m. Oct. 23. At 10:38 a.m. Denzel Allen Bradley, 22, of Sterling, was arrested at 312 Hereford Ave. on a warrant out of SPD for sexual exploitation of a child – second offense and invasion of privacy – sex gratification. He was held at the Logan County Jail on no bond. At 3:54 p.m. Travis Dean Patten, 25, of Sterling, was arrested at 224 W. Main St. on charges of violation of a protection order and violation/revocation of bail bond, as well as a warrant out of another agency. At 4:26 p.m. David Allen Killcrease, 30, of Sterling, was arrested at 214 W. Main St. on charges of possession of a schedule I/II controlled substance and violation of a protection order, as well as a warrant out of another agency. Oct. 26 At 4:06 p.m. a 2005 Ford Focus, driven by Cheyenne Contreras, 21, of Sterling, parked in the 500 block of Taylor St., left the parked position and attempted to merge with traffic when its front driver side collided with the front passenger side of a 2011 Honda CRV, driven by Pamela Serrato, 57, of Sterling. Both vehicles sustained minor damage. No injuries were reported. Contreras was cited for starting a parked vehicle improperly. Oct. 14 At 11 a.m. Samuel Roy Wederski, 61, of Sterling, was arrested in the 400 block of MacGregor Rd. on a warrant for possession of weapons by a previous offender and violation of a protection order. He was held on no bond until advisement. Oct. 11 No injuries were reported after an RE-1 Valley School District bus collided with a vehicle at 4 p.m. The 2008 Thompson Bus, driven by Arlyn Gibbs, 63, of Sterling, was traveling eastbound in the 1100 block of Nottingham Court when it began pulling over to let kids off and its right rear corner collided with the driver side of a parked 1996 Chevrolet Astro Van, owned by Elizabeth Saavedra, of Sterling. Both vehicles were moved and the accident was reported the next day. The bus sustained slight damage to the right rear corner. The Chevrolet sustained slight damage to the driver side doors and mirror. Due to the size of the bus, the narrowness of the road and vehicles parked on both sides, it was determined that no citation would be issued. LOGAN COUNTY SHERIFF’S OFFICE Nov. 3 At 7:04 p.m., deputies were dispatched to the 17000 block of County Road 41 for a civil standby. At 1:32 a.m., Erica Jorda, 32, was arrested on suspicion of driving a vehicle when license was restrained and open container in motor vehicle. At 1:32 a.m., Christopher Clair, 28, was arrested on charges of unlawful possession of a controlled substance, possession of drug paraphernalia and possession of weapon while under influence of intoxicating liquor or controlled substance. He was booked into the Logan County Jail. Nov. 2 At 9:34 p.m., deputies were dispatched to the 19000 block of C.R. 26 near Sterling in reference to a disturbance. At 11:15 p.m., Joseph Whitson, 30, was arrested on a warrant and booked into the Logan County Jail. At 12:47 a.m., deputies were dispatched to the 300 block of W. First Avenue in Iliff in reference to a welfare check. Oct. 31 At 1:50 a.m., Ryan Carnes, 26, was arrested on charges of DUI/DUID — drove vehicle under the influence, DUI per se and vehicle with defective headlamps. He was booked into the Logan County Jail Oct. 30 At 9:10 a.m. deputies were dispatched to Corene Road and C.R. 30 in reference to vandalism. At 12 p.m. deputies were dispatched to the 23000 block of C.R. 12 near the town of Sterling in reference to vandalism. At 3 p.m. Daniel Waller, 36, was arrested on a warrant and booked into the Logan County Jail. At 3 a.m. deputies were dispatched to make a return phone call regarding a 911 hang-up. Oct. 29 At 10:15 a.m. deputies were dispatched to Intestate 76 and mile marker 116 in reference to a Colorado State Patrol assist. Oct. 28 At 8:10 p.m. deputies were dispatched to the 3000 block of C.R. 23 near the town of Merino in reference to a burglary alarm. At 9:40 p.m. deputies were dispatched to the 100 block of Logan Avenue in Merino regarding a possible harassment. At 11:25 p.m. deputies were dispatched to the 18000 block of C.R. 43 in reference to a burglary alarm. Oct. 27 A 7:42 p.m. deputies were dispatched to Highway 6 and C.R. 29 near the town of Merino in reference to a disturbance in the area. Oct. 26 At 7:58 p.m. deputies were dispatched to Highway 6 and mile marker 418 in reference to a driving complaint. Oct. 18 At 10:30 a.m. deputies were dispatched to the 18000 block of County Road 30 near the town of Sterling in reference to vandalism. COLORADO STATE PATROL Nov. 4 A Chevrolet pickup was westbound on Highway 138 at mile marker 8 and traveled into the eastbound lane, where its mirror struck the mirror of an eastbound Ford Ranger. The Ford went off the right side of the road, then back onto the road spinning counter-clockwise. It then went off the left side of the road and hit a fence, rolling onto its top. No injuries were reported. Related Articles Several people arrested on drug-related charges Local authorities investigate several motor vehicle thefts Blue Santa to meet with children Saturday Public records Authorities investigate numerous thefts, vandalisms Zemanta Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Recent Articles John Vernon Boles Veterans Day Service 11 a.m. today History Cafe addresses the Great Depression Grease Monkey offering Veterans Day discounts to vets U.S. elections have been pretty lopsided Local News Letters to the Editor Logan County Sheriff’s Recent Comments V. Lovatt on Colorado has 9 electors H Miller on Colorado has 9 electors H Miller on Colorado has 9 electors Sam Ebel on Letter writer says city finances need review Bill Benson on It was a blockbuster love story at Christmas Stay informed Entries RSS Comments RSS Weather courtesy of KCI Sterling Municipal Airport, CO Last Updated on Nov 14 2016, 4:50 pm MST Weather by NOAA Current Conditions: Fair Temp: 63°F Wind: North at 0mph Humidity: 30% Dewpoint: 30.2°F Your 5-Day Forecast at a Glance Local Links Logan County City of Sterling Logan County Economic Development Logan County Chamber of Commerce Logan County Fair & Rodeo Sterling Journal-Advocate Advertise With Us! South Platte Sentinel 504 N. 3rd St. 80751, Sterling (970) 522-8148 © 2016 South Platte Sentinel | Designed by aSunder Limit | Hosted by KCI Communications Go to Top
Search Contact Us Advertise My Account facebook twitter youtube google_plus linkedin RSS Menu News Crime Business Legal Sports Team Spotlight College signings Obituaries Features Spotlight Arts & Entertainment Commentary Announcements Births Recipes Religion Puzzles Contribute Submit a news tip Submit a sports tip Submit a letter to the editor Submit a calendar event Obituary Information Birth announcement form Anniversary announcement form Engagement announcement form Wedding announcement form Financial Institution Guide questionnaire Women In Small Business Suggestion Box Contests Greater Alton Sports Trivia answer Granite City Sports Trivia answer Edwardsville Sports Trivia answer Pro Picks Challenge Reader's Choice 2016 Nominations - Granite City Advertise Business advertising Garage Sales Classifieds Sunday circulars Love Lines Novena ad Celebration ad Memorial ad Graduation ad Bridal Event Booth Space Veterans Day ad Events Submit events Garage Sales About Contact us Pickup locations Careers Archives Crime Business Legal Home News Crime Police: Man uses look-alike gun in attempted robbery Police: Man uses look-alike gun in attempted robbery November 9, 2016 4:15 PM Back to Search Results RSS Print WOOD RIVER – A Wood River man was charged with attempted armed robbery Wednesday after brandishing a look-alike pistol at a woman he planned to rob, police said. In a press release, Deputy Chief Dan Bunt identified the suspect as Ross L. Meredith, 26, of the 500 block of South Central. The Madison County State's Attorney’s Office charged him with the Class 1 felony and Judge Richard Tognarelli set Meredith’s bond at $100,000. Meredith was also wanted on a probation violation warrant. Bunt said the Wood River Police Department received a 911 call at 5:50 p.m. Tuesday reporting a man, later identified as Meredith, with a gun on the lot of Walmart, 610 Wesley Drive. Witnesses were watching Meredith as he approached a woman at her vehicle. When he noticed he was being watched, he briefly displayed a handgun in view of the witnesses and fled the area. The witnesses gave a good description of Meredith and the vehicle he left in. Officers located the vehicle on Illinois 111 at Harrison. The officers conducted a felony stop on the vehicle and detained a female driver and a male passenger. Witnesses identified passenger as the person they saw with the gun. During the search of the van, several items were seized as evidence but no gun was located. During a search of the area, Officer Hoefert and his canine partner, Bruno, found the gun in the grassy median near the traffic stop. The gun was found to be an airsoft look-alike pistol and later confirmed to be the gun Meredith possessed. Both suspects were taken into custody. During interviews, officers learned Meredith planned on taking a female victim at gunpoint to an ATM to withdraw money. “Thanks to our witnesses observing and reporting what they saw to be suspicious, this never occurred,” Bunt said in the release. The vehicle's driver was released with no formal charges. Tags Wood River featured November 9, 2016 4:15 PM News Crime Business Legal Sports Team Spotlight College signings Obituaries Features Spotlight Arts & Entertainment Commentary Announcements Births Recipes Religion Puzzles Contribute Submit a news tip Submit a sports tip Submit a letter to the editor Submit a calendar event Obituary Information Birth announcement form Anniversary announcement form Engagement announcement form Wedding announcement form Financial Institution Guide questionnaire Women In Small Business Suggestion Box Contests Greater Alton Sports Trivia answer Granite City Sports Trivia answer Edwardsville Sports Trivia answer Pro Picks Challenge Reader's Choice 2016 Nominations - Granite City Advertise Business advertising Garage Sales Classifieds Sunday circulars Love Lines Novena ad Celebration ad Memorial ad Graduation ad Bridal Event Booth Space Veterans Day ad Events Submit events Garage Sales About Contact us Pickup locations Careers Archives Crime Business Legal Contact Us Advertise My Account AdVantage News | 235A East Center Drive, Alton, IL 62002 | Phone: 618.463.0612 | Copyright 2014 Built with Metro Publisher™
Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Top News Thousands of students appear for board exams in Kashmir Demonetisation: 11 deaths reported so far as India queues up outside banks Demonetisation: BJP hits back at Mamata Banerjee, calls her 'Queen of Saradha' Donald Trump says will not take any salary or vacation as US President Maharashtra govt extends exemption of toll tax till 18th Nov, Universities asked to accept fees by cheque Home India India News Demonetisation: Indians abroad confused, turned down by banks Demonetisation: Indians abroad confused, turned down by banks According to the Reserve Bank of India, Non-Resident Indians (NRIs) have the option of depositing the Indian notes in their non-resident ordinary rupee account (NRO). Written by Tabassum Barnagarwala | Mumbai | Published:November 10, 2016 3:10 am “Given the current state of Indo-Pak relations, I suspect converting Indian currency here will be difficult,” said Malik-ul-Ashtar, a resident of Karachi. (Reuters) For many Indians living abroad, and holding Indian currency notes of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000, the confusion and chaos is as much as it is back home.  On Tuesday, soon after the government announced that existing notes of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 would no longer be legal tender from midnight, several expatriate Indians rushed to money exchange traders and banks to convert their currency. For Amey Pophale, 26, a student at the University of Illinois in Chicago, it was a futile attempt. He had Rs 10,000 in cash in Rs 500 denomination. “I went to three banks, Bank of America, J P Morgan and Agricultural Bank of China, and all of them refused to exchange money,” he said. Amey intends to send the old currency notes through his friend who is planning to visit India next month. “There is confusion here. Nobody is willing to take old currency,” he said. Like him, Radhika Dhawan attempted to exchange money at the St Paul International Airport in Minneapolis, USA. She even enquired with Walmart for transferring money. Her request was declined with officials saying that the option to exchange Indian currency was temporarily unavailable. According to the Reserve Bank of India, Non-Resident Indians (NRIs) have the option of depositing the Indian notes in their non-resident ordinary rupee account (NRO) while Indian tourists can purchase foreign exchange equivalent to Rs 5,000 at airport exchange counters within 72 hours of the notification. However, several foreign exchange centres have declined to exchange the old denomination notes in USA, Pakistan and New Zealand. Chaitra Acharya, who lives in Volda in Norway, has to travel 71 km to Alesund where the closest exchange office is located. “Travelling here is expensive and I have no option but to travel to Alesund to exchange it. It is my hard-earned money and I don’t want to devalue it,” said Acharya, adding, “While black money holders are buying gold, land, luxurious cars and other stuff, it is the common man who is suffering. People who are not living in India have more problems in exchanging currency.” J&K Schools: Amid Shutdown, Restrictions, Board Examinations Begin Ghazipur: PM Modi Flags Off Shabd Bhedi Express Ghazipur: PM Modi Promises To Open Files Of Patel Committee This Is How People Celebrate Guru Nanak Jayanti Nation Celebrates Guru Nanak Jayanti Demonetisation: Brinda Karat Calls PM Modi’s Speech ‘Drama’ Vizag Police Nabs Prisoners Escaped From Warangal Central Jail Demonetisation Will Affect Fashion Industry Only In Short Run, Feels Designer Sabyasachi New Zealand: Two Killed In 7.8 Magnitude Earthquake Demonetisation: Banking Correspondents Can Withdraw Cash Multiple Times, Says Shaktikanta Das PM Modi Claims Demonetisation Has Left Corrupts With ‘No Option’ Golfer Aditi Ashok becomes first Indian Woman to lift European Tour Event PM Modi at KLE: Win gold medals for India in 2020 Olympics Idea Exchange With Ujjal Dosanjh India Manage A Draw After Anxious Day 5 In Pakistan, the confusion is more intense. “Given the current state of Indo-Pak relations, I suspect converting Indian currency here will be difficult,” said Malik-ul-Ashtar, a resident of Karachi. His mother returned from India with Rs 5,000 in August. The family planned to use it in their next visit. However, money exchange traders in Karachi have now refused to accept the old currency. “I went to a few individual exchange traders. They asked me to wait for a few days. Even though the amount I have is small, it doubles in Pakistani currency. It may go waste,” said Shireen Morbiwala, also a resident of Karachi. Several Indians The Indian Express spoke to said they will wait for the new notes to be unveiled abroad before trying to exchange currency again. Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaChill sets in early: Oppn moves to corner Govt, PM Modi hits back, says his decision troubles them IndiaKadak like my chai, rich don’t like it: PM Modi on demonetisation IndiaNo regrets, but govt addressing inconvenience, says Venkaiah Naidu IndiaPakistan says seven of its troops killed in Indian fire at LoC IndiaPanama Papers: 415 Indians under scanner as probe widens EntertainmentIn Bigg Boss 10, Bani is the most selfish contestant: Navin Prakash opens up after eviction EntertainmentKoffee With Karan 5: Twinkle Khanna's shocking revelations on the KJo's show EntertainmentITA Awards 2016: Mouni Roy, Shabbir Ahluwalia emerge big winners, see pics, video EntertainmentSalman Khan is spoiling nephew Ahil and Arpita Khan Sharma has proof, see pics Must Read SportsIndia vs England: Slow to adopt, now learning on the job SportsBCCI gets Lodha approval to pay Rajasthan players SportsRanji Trophy 2016: More brain than brawn TechnologyDemonetisation: Now, a tool to find ATMs with money across India TechnologySamsung Galaxy S8, Galaxy Note 8 model numbers leaked TechnologyDemonetisation effect: Here's how to sign-up for Paytm, Mobikwik and use the e-wallets  Guru Nanak Jayanti 2016: India celebrates Gurpurab with great fanfare Nov 15: Latest News US President-elect Donald Trump could return Iraq war boosters to power Punjabis react to Trump’s decision to deport illegal immigrants: ‘May affect economy, hit unscrupulous travel agents’ Securities and Exchange Commission Chair leaving at end of Obama administration INLD hits out at Congress, BJP for ‘doublespeak’ Punjab, Haryana should resolve SYL issue amicably: BJP union minister Narendra Singh Tomar Tabassum Barnagarwala ... read more #StoriesOfStrength | Maruti Phad called home and asked them to switch off the lights Mumbai: For bank officials, long work hours ahead Days after 4-year-old died of malnutrition, younger brother admitted to hospital in Maharashtra                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
RSS | Free Trial Home | Advertise | About | Contact Subscribe Sign In The Saratoga Sun -   Reader Comments (0)  Print     News Sports Politics Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries Classifieds Legals Special Sections Advertise Photos Directory   By Max Miller  Prevention meeting highlights drug use, new disposal tools Drug disposal bags acquired, worrisome uptick in meth use discussed   November 9, 2016 | vol.130 No.15 Around noon Nov. 4, about 15 different stakeholders gathered in the Platte Valley Community Center (PVCC) for pulled-pork sandwiches and some serious talk. The meeting was a strategy and implementation session arranged by the Prevention Management Organization of Wyoming (PMOW), a public health group. Representatives from law enforcement, medical providers, local businesses, community organizations and area religious groups were present for the powwow, which lasted about two hours. Discussion centered on 2,600 drug disposal bags acquired by PMOW, a worsening methamphetamine problem in the Valley and the importance of quantifying success at a time when budgets across the state are tightening. “Deterra bags” are a new tool in the fight to prevent medications of abuse from falling into the hands of drug addicts or infiltrating ground water. Old prescriptions frequently end up flushed down a toilet where they can infiltrate water supplies or in a trash can where they can be discovered by children or animals. Along with a prescription drop box installed at the Saratoga Police Department (SPD), the PMOW hopes to mitigate this problem with a new stock of 2,600 Deterra bags. According to the National Council on Alcoholism and Drug Dependency, Deterra bags work through a simple chemical reaction. Expired or unneeded pills are put inside the bag with warm water, and within about 30 seconds the water and a charcoal solution in the bag work together to deactivate about 98 percent of the medicine’s active ingredients. The bags can then be safely thrown in the trash with no further processing. Erica Mathews, attending the meeting on behalf of the Wyoming Department of Health, said the drug disposal bags were obtained with financing from a federal grant. The bags typically cost less than $3 each purchased retail, and at the meeting attendees talked about distributing the bags to clinics, pharmacies and perhaps the Rawlins Walmart. At these locations, the bags would be given out for free to patients filling prescriptions for narcotic opioids or other dangerous drugs. “I get asked all the time what to do with old medication,” Jennifer Oiler, a nurse-practitioner at Platte Valley Medical Clinic said. Mathews said the 2,600 bags given to Carbon County make Carbon County the largest recipient of bags among thirteen Wyoming counties that have requested them. Another topic that had many meeting attendees animated was methamphetamine, or “meth” use in the area. “It really has taken off in the past year,” noted Saratoga Chief of Police Robert Bifano. “It’s everywhere, it’s not just here,” he added. Bifano said drug arrests are only the tip of the iceberg, with property crimes and disputes also blossoming out of rising addiction rates. Loretta Hansen, a social worker for the Carbon County Sheriff’s Department put the issue in the context of cratering state budgets and a lack of treatment resources. “What are we doing with our mental health and our rehab (facilities)? We’re not putting money into that,” Hansen said derisively. “You cannot arrest yourself out of a problem. That doesn’t change anything,” Hansen continued. “My view as a social worker is that intervention needs to be elsewhere (not the legal system),” Hansen said. Local resident Mitch Bangert noted that several Narcotics Anonymous groups meet weekly in Saratoga, but Hansen said those meetings were inadequate by themselves. “That’s relapse prevention. That’s the maintenance part, the treatment part…” she trailed off. “In the past six months, I would say probably 80 percent of the stuff I’ve been dealing with is linked to meth in some way,” Bifano said. Unfortunately, he said this wasn’t necessarily reflected in official statistics. According to him, meth was suspected to have played a role in crimes like burglaries or fights, but the department frequently lacked witnesses or hard evidence to substantiate those suspicions. Mathews told the room that there may be grant money available to help Saratoga address the meth issue, but accessing that money would require gathering evidence. “Through those funding streams, I need the data to say, ‘This is a problem in the county,’” she said. Mathews suggested the county coroner’s office may be able to provide some evidence of a growing meth problem. Getting numbers to tell a compelling story to outside funding agencies was a consistent theme of the luncheon. As participants fretted about ongoing financial distress at the statehouse and how that may impact a wide variety of budgets and programs, Mathews repeatedly stressed that quantification could be the community’s knight in shining armor. “What the Department of Health and the (Center for Disease Control) are looking at when they’re funding stuff is, ‘What are your leading causes of premature death,” PMOW’s Sally Patton added. One positive note to emerge from the meeting was the high-esteem Valley youth are generally held in. “We have good kids in this community. We don’t have a lot of problems with our kids,” Bifano said, citing the high number of children involved in extra-curricular activities. The chief of police tempered that praise with some realism, however: “It only takes one kid to start using (meth) and get addicted and get some other people on it,” he warned. MOST POPULAR: Comments Viewed D'RON CAMPBELL, USAF FW Broschart Fires, gas and water Max Miller Lady Tigers take third ... FW Broschart It's Trump Prevention meeting high... Max Miller MOST POPULAR: Comments Viewed No comments have been posted You might be interested in: Copperline adds to Saratoga hotel list Nightmare on Elm St. Men with a plan New airport operator announced Clearing the bar   Reader Comments (0) Log in to add your comment       The Saratoga Sun | 116 E. Bridge St., Saratoga, WY 82331 Ph: (307) 326-8311 | info@saratogasun.com | www.saratogasun.com Content and information copyright 2016 The Saratoga Sun Powered by ROAR Online Publication Software © Copyright 2016 Lions Light Corp. — Software for newspapers & magazines Sitemap | Privacy | Terms of Use | Submit Content | Mobile Browser Rendered 11/09/2016 13:35
syracuse.com Menu Home News Weather Crime & Safety Syracuse University News Obituaries Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Living Photos Videos Real Estate Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Site Index Feedback Membership Follow Us Classifieds Back to Main Menu News Home Local News New York State U.S. & World Politics & Elections Business Auto News CNY Schools & Colleges Syracuse University News CNY Traffic Data & Statistics Health & Science Lottery Obits Back to Main Menu City of Syracuse North Suburbs & Oswego County East Suburbs & Madison County West Suburbs & Cayuga County Syracuse University News Back to Main Menu Politics & Elections Home Local & New York State Back to Main Menu Business Home Store Front Destiny USA News Destiny USA Shopping Company News Business Events CNY Gas Prices Back to Main Menu Schools & Colleges Home CNY Proms CNY Graduations Back to Main Menu Health Home Science & Technology Hydrofracking Environmental Onondaga Lake Cleanup Back to Main Menu Weather Home School & Event Closures Back to Main Menu Crime News Police Blotter Reported Crimes City of Syracuse North Suburbs & Oswego County East Suburbs & Madison County West Suburbs & Cayuga County Back to Main Menu Syracuse & CNY Obits Upstate NY Obits 2016 Celebrity Obits 2016 Sports Obits Back to Main Menu Sports Home Orange Basketball Orange Football Orange Lacrosse Orange Women Sports Orange Sports Buffalo Bills College Sports Minor League Sports Bud Poliquin Brent Axe High School Sports CNY Road Races CNY Outdoors Scoreboards Pro Sports CNY & Pro Golf Motorsports TV Schedule Back to Main Menu Syracuse Chiefs Syracuse Crunch Syracuse Silver Knights Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL NY Sports Back to Main Menu High School Home Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Girls Swimming Field Hockey Girls Tennis Girls Gymnastics Boys Golf Competitive Cheer Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Hockey Baseball Softball Wrestling Boys Swimming Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Tennis Girls Ice Hockey Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Golf Boys Gymnastics Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Girls Skiing Boys Skiing Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home CNY Restaurants Movies News CNY Events Calendar Destiny USA Events CNY Music Scene CNY Arts & Theater CNY Festivals CNY Tickets on Sale Television News New York State Fair Celebrity News Back to Main Menu CNY Restaurants Home Drinks & Bars Best Restaurants Destiny USA Restaurants Back to Main Menu Opinion Home Editorial Board Your Opinions Columnists InterFaith Works Opinions Back to Main Menu Editorial Board Opinions Editorial Board Standards Back to Main Menu Bud Poliquin Back to Main Menu Living Home Homes Food Restaurants Cooking Drinks & Bars CNY Vintage Empire Magazine Tourism & Travel CNY Pets CNY Proms CNY Graduations CNY Celebration Announcements Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Home & Real Estate News Homes for Sale Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Back to Main Menu Photos Home Photo Essays Buy Photo Reprints Your Photos Back to Main Menu Videos Home News Videos Orange Football Videos Orange Basketball Videos High School Sports Videos Living Videos Back to Main Menu Real Estate Home Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home & Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages & Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Jobs Real Estate For Rent Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search syracuse.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to syracuse.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Classifieds Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales comments Syracuse University veterans' transition program gets $5 million from Walmart The 29th annual Memorial Day Observance The 29th annual Memorial Day Observance was held at the Onondaga County Veteran's Memorial Cemetery on Sunday May 24th 2015. One of the many veterans listens to keynote speaker J. Michael Haynie, Vice Chancellor at Syracuse University and founder of Syracuse University Institute for Veterans and Military Families. (Stephen D. Cannerelli | scannerelli@syracuse.com) Print Email Julie McMahon | jmcmahon@syracuse.com By Julie McMahon | jmcmahon@syracuse.com The Post-Standard Email the author | Follow on Twitter on November 09, 2016 at 2:51 PM, updated November 09, 2016 at 3:15 PM comments SYRACUSE, N.Y. -- Syracuse University's Institute for Veterans and Military Families is getting a $5 million donation from the Walmart Foundation for its veterans transition program. The grant will go toward SU's AmericaServes, which helps veterans transition from service to civilian life, by assisting with navigating the multiple services and resources available to them. The program helps vets get a fresh start, find housing and access healthcare. It connects them with financial assistance and gifts during the holidays. AmericaServes currently operates programs in New York, North Carolina and South Carolina. The donation will go toward veterans in North Carolina and will also help launch a new program in Texas. SU eventually plans to expand the program to Massachusetts, Rhode Island and Washington state. The university has recently focused more heavily on efforts to serve veterans and their families. That has been a part of SU's mission since after World War II, Chancellor Kent Syverud said in a statement. Veteran women-run businesses Syracuse University's IVMF also received $100,000 from the Newman's Own Foundation to support a program for veteran women in entrepreneurship. That grant honors the late actor Paul Newman, who served in World War II. Reporter Julie McMahon covers Syracuse University and Syracuse city schools. She can be reached anytime: Email | Twitter | 315-412-1992 Crime in Central NY Police Blotter Search for arrests by Syracuse and Central New York law enforcement agencies and New York State Police. Map: Onondaga County crimes Crime database: A look at stats Crime & Safety forum More Crime & Safety news » More News Topics Weather: Radar, forecast & more Opinion: Editorials, letters & more CNY Obituaries Active Discussions Most Read About Us Advertise with us Jobs at Syracuse Media Group Contact Us Photo and Page Reprints Newspaper Archives Frequently Asked Questions Subscriptions The Post-Standard ePost-Standard Email Newsletters syracuse.com Sections News Weather Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on syracuse.com Videos Photos Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Syracuse Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Syracuse Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home Subscribe Advertise Contact Archives Legals Front Page News Obituaries Featured Digital Editions classifieds Calendar Sports Browse Ads Law Enforcement Tweet Law Enforcement admin November 9, 2016 Law Enforcement No comments Madison Police Department On October 31 an information report was filed near the Hammerhead Tattoo Parlor, Eatonton Road. According to reports, Madison Police Officer Elliot Kline reported that he received a call from dispatch regarding four black males in a white Mercury who were fleeing from Eatonton Police officers on U.S. 441 north at speeds of more than 110 mph. The call came at 4:48 a.m., Kline reported, and was told that the suspects were wanted by the Eatonton Police Department. Officer Kline was able to deploy “stop sticks” on the suspect vehicle, reports state, near the tattoo parlor. The two front tires and a rear tire were deflated from the “stop sticks” and the vehicle crashed as it was attempting to make a left hand turn onto the westbound Interstate 20 ramp. One of the suspects was detained, reports state, and officers allegedly located burglary tools, a pistol and multiple GPS devices with many tagged locations inside the vehicle. On November 4 a warrant alleging simple battery was issued for Johnny Dwight Atwater, 61, Madison. According to reports, a man said that while he was in his yard at his Pearl Street residence searching for pecans, Atwater approached him and accused the complainant of robbing his house. The complainant said he denied the allegation and Atwater then picked up a screw driver and attempted to stab the complainant, a 64-year-old man. The complainant said he was able to successfully parry the screw driver attack, however, Atwater then allegedly flipped the screw driver in his hand and struck the complainant on the head with the butt of the screwdriver. Reports state that the complainant had a small knot on his head with blood oozing from the wound. Atwater was not present when an officer arrived. On November 4 a simple battery complaint was filed at a Morgan Circle residence. According to reports, a man said that when he went to the residence to visit his child and the child’s mother, the mother became enraged over, allegedly, who had purchased the complainant’s clothing. The man said the woman pushed him twice while he was holding the baby, once causing him to bite his own tongue. The man said he left the residence and the woman chased him with a hammer. The woman said the man came to the residence and after he picked up the baby started to argue with the woman regarding why she was not returning phone calls. The woman said the man pushed her and she pushed back and that she chased him out of the house with a weight scale, not a hammer. She also said she considered striking the man with the scale but did not act out on the thought. The woman’s sister said as the man was leaving he predicted that the woman would spend the night in jail. On November 4 a criminal trespass complaint was filed at a Micha Circle residence. According to reports, a woman reported that someone had broken her bedroom window. Officers noted that the window was broken but it appeared entry had not been gained to the residence. On October 29 a theft complaint was filed at a Budget Room residence. According to reports, a man said after he and a woman had made plans to go to Athens for lunch, the man got into the woman’s car and the woman then told him she had left something in the man’s room. The man said the woman took his key and went into the room. The man said after he and the woman got to Athens, the woman said she needed to leave the man for a bit but would be right back. The man said the woman never returned and that he had to get a ride back from the husband of a former supervisor at his former employment.The man said when he returned he noticed his medications were missing. On November 2 Marvin Simmons, 18, Conyers was arrested and charged with aggravated assault. According to reports, a man alleged that while he was sitting in the parking lot of Wal Mart, Eatonton Highway, Simmons struck him in the face with a stick. On November 1  a simple battery complaint was filed at a Meadow Ridge Drive residence. According to reports, a man alleged that his estranged wife slapped him on the cheek during an argument and left her vehicle in the middle of the road as she left the area on foot, in part, because she had allegedly been drinking, the man said. Forty minutes later officers were called by the estranged wife. She said the man had called her and asked if the couple could ride together to their son’s soccer game. After the game the man, the woman said, then asked if the couple could go to Town Park to try and work things out. The woman said at Town Park the discussion disintegrated into a verbal argument. The woman said she took the man home but he refused to get out of her vehicle. The woman alleged that the man punched her in the left eye when she told him she did not want to be with him anymore. She said the man grabbed her car keys and phone and as she tried to leave walking he chased her, struck her several times, knocked her down and put his hand over her mouth so she couldn’t yell. On November 1 a criminal trespass complaint was filed at Waffle House, Eatonton Road. According to reports, an employee at Waffle House said someone had damaged the window on her 1999 Nissan Pathfinder. The complainant said earlier in the shift two customers had become upset with her but she could not confirm that they caused the damage. On October 31 a theft by deception complaint was filed at a Burney Street residence. According to reports, a pizza delivery man stated that someone from the residence ordered $57.22 worth of pizza. The delivery man said when he approached the residence, a teen approached him and handed him a $100 bill. The delivery man said he gave the teen change and the pizza. When he got back to the restaurant he examined the bill and noticed that it said “for movie use only” on the front and back of the bill. On October 28 Cory Kelly, 22, Madison and Anthony B. Ruggiero, 52, Madison were both cited for loitering and prowling. According to reports, an officer allegedly observed Kelly driving a Ford Ranger behind Cracker Barrel and Quality Inn at 2 a.m. with no lights on. The Ranger then stopped and both men sat in the truck. An officer reported that he approached the vehicle and asked the men why they were driving around the establishments with no head lights on. Both men denied any wrongdoing. On October 27 Heather Dean Harris, 30, Greensboro was arrested and charged with shoplifting. According to reports, Harris allegedly attempted to take more than $100 of items, including a Halloween costume and fake blood, without paying for the items. On October 28 Kenneth Scott Patton, 47, Madison was arrested and charged with disorderly conduct. According to reports, officers were called to the Budget Inn in regards to a verbal agreement. When they arrived they discovered that Patton and a woman were arguing over the woman’s brother being in the room and using drugs. The woman said she would leave the location as soon as her children were dropped off by the school bus. In the wait, the officer separated the couple by placing them in polar opposite rooms and with the admonition that if officers were called back for further disturbance, someone would go to jail. Reports also state that Scott appeared “highly intoxicated.”  Officers were soon called back to the Budget Inn and observed Scott violating the polarity agreement. He said he had wandered into the woman’s territory in order to record the license tag number of the woman’s mother-in-law. On October 26 Shannon Ciero Stephens, 30, Madison was arrested and charged with DUI and possession of marijuana. According to reports, an officer allegedly observed Stephens driving erratically near Old Post Road and Walker Circle until she stopped in a driveway on Barclay Drive. The officer approached, reports state, and allegedly smelled marijuana emanating from Stephens and the vehicle. He also allegedly found a small amount of marijuana in the vehicle. On October 22 a burglary complaint was filed at a Bell Circle residence. According to reports, a man said that someone had taken his brand new Hi Point washer from the basement of his home. The man also said whoever took the washer also took a hand truck to move the washer. An officer located the hand truck in the man’s yard. The man suspected a woman of taking the washer, in part, because she had shown interest in the washing machine in the past. Morgan County Sheriff’s Office On November 6 a harassing phone calls complaint was filed at a Centennial Road, Rutledge, residence. According to reports, a woman said she had received threatening phone calls and Facebook messages from a woman after the woman accused her of having her son put in jail. A deputy contacted the suspect and a second woman who allegedly was making threatening Facebook messages and reminded both woman that they could be arrested for harassment if they don’t cease the threatening messages. Both women said they understood that they were to have no contact with the complainant. On November 6 Nicole Leigh Delmar, 31, Roswell was arrested and charged with disorderly conduct. According to reports, a deputy was called to a Sugarhill Drive, Buckhead residence after Delmar’s boyfriend called authorities to report that she would not leave his residence. When the deputy arrived, reports state, he observed Delmar slumped down on a sofa with blood shot eyes. A nearly 1.75 liter bottle of Vodka was nearby, reports state. The boyfriend said Delmar was destroying items in the house because she was falling over items. Deputies had emergency workers check Delmar and then instructed her she had to leave the residence at which point she allegedly became enraged with her boyfriend and became aggressive and non-complaint with the deputy and was arrested. On November 5 a warrant arrest was made at the Bostwick Cotton Gin Festival. According to reports, a deputy stated that he received information that Crystal Marie Summers, 25, Oxford and Ronnie Vining, 33, were both at the festival. The deputy confirmed that both had active warrants for theft by taking against them. Both were arrested at the festival. On November 4 a mail theft complaint was filed at a Elliot Road, Mansfield residence. According to reports, a woman alleged that her former husband continued to leave child support payments in her mailbox. The woman said she was concerned because he was opening the mailbox when legitimate mail was in the box. She said she had asked him repeatedly to either mail the checks or bring them to the front door but he refused. On November 4 a criminal trespass complaint was filed at a Fairplay Road, Bostwick residence. According to reports, a woman alleged that her estranged husband attempted to take a four-wheeler from a barn on the property. The woman said she informed the estranged husband that he would not remove anything from the property until a divorce is final. She then called authorities. On November 4 a theft by deception complaint was filed at a Rutledge residence. According to reports, a man said he sent two $250 payments to a Madison man to purchase a pair of Jordan 12’s tennis shoes. The complainant said he sent the first $250 payment via PayPal and that the Madison man told him the payment had not gone through. The man said he then sent a second payment. After checking bank records he learned that both payments had gone through. He also stated he has never received the shoes. The complainant said he attempted to contact the shoe seller via Instagram but the seller blocked him. The complainant said he had his girlfriend contact the seller via Instragram and during that contact the seller allegedly admitted to taking the money and not providing the shoes and said that the complainant “couldn’t doing anything about it.” On November 3 a theft by taking complaint was filed at a Seven Islands Road residence. According to reports, a man said someone entered his property and took a $250 20 to 25 gallon tank air compressor. The complainant said his grandson had been by the residence earlier that day to get a “jump” for his vehicle. On November 3 a burglary complaint was filed at the Golden Pond convenience store, Newborn Road. According to reports, someone shattered a front window to the business. Video surveillance showed two black males in a dark grey Nissan Frontier drive to the front of the building. Both men wore masks and a man with a crowbar struck the window. Once the window shattered the men fled the area. On November 2 a criminal damage to property and criminal trespass complaint was filed at a Fairplay Street, Rutledge commercial building. According to reports, a man alleged that after he had completed concrete work at the building and was sealing the concrete floors, someone entered the building and damaged the floors. The complainant said when he was finishing a woman from next door attempted to enter the building to complaint about the sealant smell. On November 1 a fraud complaint was filed at a Magnolia Drive residence. According to reports, a woman said a man had called her and informed her that her daughter’s new I Phone had been shipped to his Locust Grove residence. The woman said she did not know the man and that neither she nor her daughter had ordered a new phone. About Author administrator Related Posts 0 Law Enforcement 0 Law Enforcement 0 Traffic stop leads to cocaine arrest 0 Law Enforcement Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   Our Advertisers:   Find us on Facebook © 2016 Morgan County Citizen. All Rights Reserved. Theme by MyThemeShop. Back to Top ↑
Latest News News Thank A Veteran: A Veterans Day Poem News Did you know? News What is Veteran’s Day? Local American Legion Post 141 Veterans Local Schools celebrate Veterans Day News Featured Stories Top Stories Government Police & Courts Senior Living Sports School Obituaries Columns Videos Letters to the Editor Community Announcements Classified View Classified Ads How to Submit News Home News Milner Plunderosa News Top Stories November 9, 2016 slandon 0 Milner Plunderosa 0 0   0 0 0   0   0 more  now viewing Milner Plunderosa November 9, 2016 slandon Thank A Veteran: A Veterans Day Poem November 9, 2016 slandon Did you know? November 9, 2016 slandon What is Veteran’s Day? November 9, 2016 slandon American Legion Post 141 Veterans November 9, 2016 slandon Schools celebrate Veterans Day November 9, 2016 slandon now playing New Council ready to serve November 9, 2016 slandon now playing Largest crowd ever enjoys music, food November 9, 2016 slandon Council forbids water usage outdoors November 9, 2016 slandon Police arrest 58 in Oct. November 9, 2016 slandon Round our Town November 9, 2016 slandon Used Gun Display By Bill Frazer I enjoy the TV show entitled American Pickers. It is a show starring Frank Fritz and Mike Wolfe who travel all over America visiting locations where interested parties have collected an unbelievable inventory of  antiques, collectibles and what I call junk. It is an upscale version of Fred Samford’s trash. I do not get to watch the show much as the Boss is not particularly fond of watching two nuts paw over junk. Collectibles for Auction 6 p.m. CST on 11/12/16 In a visit to a local Dr’s office, I ran into Jerry Milner. I knew that Jerry was into collectibles and specialized in a collection of guns and ammunition and hunting gear. His place of business is the old abandoned Milltown public school. Jerry told me that I needed to come up to the school and view his collection. He stated that he had filled up the whole building with antiques and collectables. I shrugged this off as I remember when the school was in operation and it had as much interior space as the local Super Walmart Store. Jerry had been Chambers County Superintendent for a number of years but I did not realize he was Principal in the Milltown School for 12 years. This is unique, being Principal of the school to owning the school and stocking it with an unbelievable collection of early American memorabilia. Last Friday I rode up to Milltown and visited the junk emporium. I was absolutely flabbergasted!  It is impossible for anyone to accumulate that much of the relics of a former generation. The whole schoolhouse is filled with collectables and antiques. An array of our local history is on display from housewares to tools.  Jerry has certainly tagged the collection correctly as it is a PLUNDER of some type. As I mentioned earlier, I knew that Jerry had the best collection of guns and ammunition found in the state. A gun enthusiast Antique Signs would be happy just to spend the day viewing the display of fire arms and ammunition. I asked how he could have that much ammunition on display when the government is intending to suppress supplies of ammunition. Jerry says that he has managed to stay ahead of the shortage of ammo and has a security system that guarantees the safety of the display and from possible theft. In the gun and ammunition room there are old items that can be purchased including scopes, lures, game trail cameras, duck calls, reloading supplies and deer feed. There are so many items of interest to those of us who still struggling to escape living in the past. It is hard just to pick up just a few items of interest as there are so many on display. For example: •12 Jars of pure tobacco and each variety has a different smell when the jar is opened; they came out of the old Jacobs Drug Store in downtown West Point •An antique wood burning kitchen stove with a cistern, and the stove has never had a fire in it •One of the original wall telephones •40 Antique iron skillets hung along the wall of the hallway •An antique push cart that has 9 seats for children •One of the rooms in the old school building is stocked with nothing but Christmas ornaments and collectibles that is beyond description. •There is almost an unaccountable display of  ornamental flower pots and vases •A collection of every kind of wood saw known to man •Several of the old school rooms have a collection of wooden tables including dinner room, dressers, and coffee. These tables are all collectible antique wooden designs no longer found on the market. Iron Skillets and Iron Wash Pots •There is an array of antique tools scattered around in several of the rooms. A post hole digger of a design that is no longer found anywhere, a collection of foot adzes, wooden drill with a cross bar that allows boring holes at any angle, huge wrenches that were probably designed to turn bolts on steam engines. There were so many items to look at that we never got around to looking at the huge collection in the old school lunch room. Also, his most valued collectibles are located in his home there in Milltown and we did not have time to view these items. Jerry is having an auction on this Saturday night, November 12, at 6:00 pm in the old school gym. We looked at the auction items which fill up a large portion of the old gym. At the auction, there will be snacks available including hot dogs and popcorn popped while you wait. If you have never been up to see the Milner Plunderosa, it is certainly worth every moment of the time spent in viewing this awesome collection. The Plunderosa is open for business very Friday and Saturday year round. Related posts: Dr. Chris Padgett donates to HBR auction LaFayette Day to feature classic cars All things Auburn and Alabama Well Represented At The College Football Hall of Fame Japanese Maples   0 0 0   0   0 previous Eastside 3rd graders visit farm next Round our Town slandon Related Posts Thank A Veteran: A Veterans Day Poem November 9, 2016 slandon 0 Did you know? November 9, 2016 slandon 0 What is Veteran’s Day? November 9, 2016 slandon 0 Subscribe to The LaFayette Sun First Name Last Name Email Address Submit Facebook Like Box Facebook Copyright 2016, The LaFayette Sun Close News Featured Stories Top Stories Government Police & Courts Senior Living Sports School Obituaries Columns Videos Letters to the Editor Community Announcements Classified View Classified Ads How to Submit News × REPORT THIS [contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"] Share this video
Home Weather 54° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Zika Ways 2 Save Home Connect TV More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Zika Ways 2 Save Home Connect TV Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Live Video Donate to K9s For Warriors and learn more about the cause Weather Alert 14 weather alerts Close Clay deputies need help identifying stolen credit card suspects Web Staff , WTLV 1:28 PM. EST November 09, 2016 Clay County deputies seek stolen credit card suspects CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST CLAY COUNTY, Fla. - The Clay County Sheriff's Office is asking for your help identifying two men suspected of using a stolen credit card at a Walmart in Middleburg. Clay deputies say the men used the card at the Walmart on Branen Field Road. They said they first stole the victim's Ford F-150 from the Eagle Landing subdivision nearby, then stole the card out of the truck. If you identify the suspects, call CCSO at (904-264-6512). CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Two women and baby killed in Sunday shooting Two women and baby killed in shooting Crime in Jacksonville Ammo for U.S.S Zumwalt costs $800K a pop 3 killed, 2 injured in Jacksonville shooting Mannequin challenge starts on the First Coast Scheduled anti-Trump protest Downtown Two women and baby killed in shooting What is the electoral college? More Stories Woman dies after Westside house fire Nov 14, 2016, 5:28 p.m. Two women and a baby killed in Northwest… Nov 14, 2016, 11:28 a.m. Jacksonville Sheriff's Office using facial… Nov 14, 2016, 6:53 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home National Politics Weather 7 Day Forecast Closings & Delays Radars Conditions Beach Cam Weather Alerts More... Weather Apps Health Detail Mosquito Report Hurricane Central Location Search Local Florida News Georgia News On Your Side Strange News Military News Health News More... Education News Hurricane Central #YouFirst News Tips Buddy Check 12 On Point Business News Good Morning Jacksonville Zika Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Traffic Map Travel Sports Georgia-Florida High School Football FSU Seminoles High School Sports College Football Athlete of the Week More... Gators First From You Jaguars Golf News 2016 Olympics RSM Classic NASCAR NCAA Basketball Tournament The Players Features Entertainment Community The Chat First Coast Living Student of the Week Life In Balance More... Buddy Check 12 Family Ties What's Cooking Publix Kitchen 26.2 With Donna Lottery Pet Health Tips Contests Men Wear Gowns, too Ways To Save Oscars Teacher of the Week T.D. Jakes CIL Chat Magnify Money Vote About Meet The Team ABC 25 Schedule NBC 12 Schedule Jobs at FCN Contact Us Advertise with Us More... Appearance Requests Closed Captioning Appearance Request Weather FAQ ABC Player Justice Network Privacy Terms Community Rules Ad Choices RSS Connect With Us Newsletters Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File Conversation Guidelines Crossword The Chat Player USA Today Social Player Weather Apps FCN Connects First Coast Living Player Whats On NBC USA Today Social Player Survey Cobrand Header Cobrand Footer Only © 2016 WTLV-TV Services Advertise With Us Closed Captioning First Coast News Jobs TV Schedule FCC Online Public Inspection File Terms of Service Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Ad Choices Our Partners NBC ABC Cars.com Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
null
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Tips for getting deals for the Black Friday weekend By Associated Press Published: 12:09 EST, 9 November 2016 | Updated: 12:09 EST, 9 November 2016 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — Serious deal-seekers are already planning their Thanksgiving weekend shopping, and experts believe that once again the holiday itself may offer better deals than Black Friday the day afterward. Amid the clutter of deals clamoring for attention, smart and careful shoppers can come out ahead. "Start researching and planning," says Benjamin Glaser, features editor with DealNews.com, a deal comparison website. FILE - In this Friday, Nov. 27, 2015, file photo, cousins Stacy Levine, left, and Melissa Bragg shop at a Toys R Us store in Atlanta on Black Friday. Serious deal-seekers are already planning their Thanksgiving weekend shopping. Experts believe that once again Thanksgiving will offer better deals than on the day afterward, and there are signs that many of the offers will look similar to those in 2015. Amid the clutter of deals clamoring for attention, smart and careful shoppers can come out ahead. (Bob Andres/Atlanta Journal-Constitution via AP, File) Here are four ways to get the most out of Black Friday weekend — and beyond. STUDY UP: Make a comprehensive list of what you plan to buy, research what those items usually sell for at full price and on sale, and figure out how much you want to spend. Also check out store flyers from previous years online, since many retailers repeat the same deals at the same price. Eighty percent of the products and 43 percent of the prices highlighted on the front pages of the 2015 and 2014 Black Friday flyers of Best Buy, Macy's, Target, Kohl's, Walmart and J.C. Penney were the same, says Market Track LLC, a price tracking firm. Make sure to note at what times different stores plan to start their Black Friday deals — both online and at the store. For example, J.C. Penney is making its deals available on its website on the Wednesday before Thanksgiving for the first time. It will open its doors on Thanksgiving at 3 p.m., the same time as last year. Kohl's offered last Thursday a subset of the Black Friday deals that will be available for Thanksgiving, when it opens its doors at 6 p.m. For the first time, it will offer "doorbusters" online starting on Thanksgiving while supplies last. In the past, doorbusters were only at the store. LOOK AT THE WHOLE SEASON: Retailers have been starting to spread their offers out, with some starting well before Thanksgiving and Black Friday. Earlier this month, Wal-Mart and Amazon.com both kicked off holiday deals on thousands of items. Still, there's a good chance you can get a better deal on Thanksgiving for certain items. DealNews.com says 38 percent of the specials pushed on the holiday were what the site considered top deals, compared to only 31 percent for Black Friday. But not every deal is the best on Thanksgiving. DealNews.com says it's likely better to buy cameras, TVs, tablets and major appliances on Thanksgiving, and tools on Black Friday. On the Monday after Thanksgiving, known as Cyber Monday, is also a good day for shoppers to get deep discounts on clothing and laptops. Traci Gregorski, senior vice president of marketing at Market Track, says that Monday is also a good time to buy laptops, small appliances and toys and games, based on an analysis of more than 1,400 listings across Amazon, Best Buy, Kmart, Sears, Target and Wal-Mart. "It's to the shoppers' benefit to do their homework to ensure they are getting the best deal," Gregorski said. USE APPS AND REWARDS: Strategize how to leverage the store rewards points you already have or holiday bonus offers. Look for the apps that work well for you. For example, Flipp recreates the traditional print flyer experience so you don't have to sift through all the weekly store flyers — and not just on Black Friday. DealNews Black Friday keeps track of specials throughout the holiday season too. Plenty of retailer apps offer customers special discounts. Customers who use the Staples app will have gotten a sneak peek of the Black Friday deals, which started Sunday, and will be able to see the latest specials throughout the season. THINK PAST THE HOLIDAYS: If you don't need items by the holiday — or aren't seeing some friends and relatives until afterward, shoppers might do better waiting to buy toys and clothing like sweaters and coats until the end of the season. That lets them take advantage of clearance sales, says Glaser. For clothing, discounts are on average of 40 percent over the Thanksgiving weekend, but at the end of the season, they go to 70 percent. ___ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun Meghan Markle's words to her TV lover may not be well Suited to real life relationships if her potential father-in-law is anything to go by, says EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE  'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Celebrity cover up! From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 46° F Overcast Hi: 61° F Lo: 44° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast 1 Weather Alert Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: #WakeUpGMCT 2016 Presidential Election stretch your dollar Latest Headlines New Haven’s Pearl Harbor Memorial Bridge wins national award Updated: 57 mins ago Connecticut DOT wins top honor in national contest for New Haven’s Pearl Harbor Memorial Bridge. Obama says Trump ‘sincere’ about being president for all Americans 6:15 pm (CNN)–President Barack Obama encouraged Americans Monday to give President-elect Donald Trump some time to get adjusted to the responsibilit… Orange Man Charged With Moving Property Line Marker 6:00 pm New study could have older women thinking twice about all that protein 5:57 pm Ask the Lawyer: Legalizing recreational marijuana 5:49 pm Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 46° F Overcast Feels Like: 46° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 83% Dewpoint: 41° F Sunrise: 6:39 AM Sunset: 4:32 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 46° F Overcast Hi: 61° F Lo: 44° F Thanksgiving Day shopping is here to stay _ with some tweaks By Associated Press Published: November 9, 2016, 10:46 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) FILE - In this Friday, Nov. 27, 2015, file photo, shoppers carry bags as they cross a pedestrian walkway near Macy's in Herald Square, in New York. Thanksgiving Day shopping it isn't going away and some stores are rethinking their strategies on whether it makes sense to be open. Many major mall operators and big retailers such as Toys R Us, J.C. Penney, and Macy's are sticking with being open. Others, including the Mall of America, are closing for Thanksgiving. (AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews, File) NEW YORK (AP) — Thanksgiving Day shopping — a delight to some, an anathema to others — isn’t going away, but some stores are rethinking their strategies on whether it makes sense to be open on the holiday itself. Many of the nation’s major mall operators and the big retailers that anchor them, such as Toys R Us, J.C. Penney, and Macy’s, are sticking with what they want to be a new tradition, kicking off the holiday shopping season on Thanksgiving Day. Others, including the Mall of America, the nation’s largest shopping mall, are closing for Thanksgiving this year after being open for the past several years. Some retailers that are closing cite respect for the holiday, but in truth the cost of being open may be more than the return. “Once you let the genie out of the bottle, it’s hard,” said Stephen D. Lebovitz, president and CEO of CBL & Associates Properties, a mall operator that is closing 72 of its malls for the day. “More retailers are coming to their senses and realizing it is a family holiday and from a business point of view, it’s not making much business sense.” Stores being open on Thanksgiving started in earnest in 2011 and took a punch out of sales on Black Friday, which had usually launched the shopping season. Many places like Macy’s, Target and J.C. Penney have been opening earlier and earlier on Thanksgiving as they try to outdo others to get first dibs on customers who could easily buy online. But the move has been controversial, as many workers have voiced complaints that stores are putting profits over workers’ time to be with their families. Some 89 of the 145 properties that Chattanooga, Tennessee-based CBL owns or has interest in opened at 6 p.m. on the holiday last year. While dozens of those will be closed this year, the department stores, movie theaters, restaurants and retailers with exterior entrances have the option to open on Thanksgiving. Other retailers including Office Depot and consumer electronics chain hhgregg Inc. plan to be closed after being open for the past several years. Plenty of retailers, particularly high-end stores like Nordstrom or those like T.J. Maxx that offer discounts every day, never opened on Thanksgiving and have collected goodwill because of that. In reality, analysts say, it’s all about stealing share in a market that isn’t growing that much. For department stores, the competition is fierce. Last year, J.C. Penney opened at 3 p.m. for the first time, three hours earlier than its rivals Kohl’s and Macy’s. That may have hurt Macy’s, which had a weak holiday season and aims to reverse a sales slump. This year, Macy’s decided to open an hour earlier at 5 p.m. on Thanksgiving. Penney is sticking to 3 p.m., while Kohl’s will be opening again at 6 p.m. Most Sears stores will be open on Thanksgiving for the fourth year in a row, starting at 6 p.m. — the same as a year ago. Best Buy, the nation’s largest consumer electronics chain, suffered over Thanksgiving weekend in 2012 because it didn’t open until midnight, while stores like Wal-Mart and Target began their sales earlier in the evening. Wal-Mart, Target and Best Buy have not announced their plans for this Thanksgiving weekend. But all indications are they’ll start the doorbuster sales on the holiday. For many big retailers, covering expenses like paying employees holiday pay is not that costly, said Joel Bines, a managing director at retail consulting group AlixPartners. But for small stores or those with specialized merchandise, it may make more sense to close. AlixPartners also found for that some retailers who did open on Thanksgiving were simply pulling Friday sales a day earlier and their profit margins took a hit. Bob Riesbeck, president and CEO of hhgregg, says business on Thanksgiving actually declined over the previous two years when it opened at 4 p.m. CBL’s Lebovitz says when he surveyed stores in the company’s malls this year before deciding to close, the reaction was “overwhelmingly positive,” particularly with the specialty stores. The big anchors plan to stay open. Last year, the reaction was different. Most of the specialty stores wanted to be open. “They didn’t have enough data” to make the decision,” he said. Andy Mantis, executive vice president of NPD Group Checkout Tracking, says stores should open on both Thanksgiving and Black Friday to maximize their sales. The company, which analyzes receipt data to understand consumer behavior, found that the share of buyers who shopped on both days declined, while the number who shopped only on Thanksgiving Day or on Black Friday increased. Mantis believes specialty retailers, especially those near big stores like Macy’s that are open, should think again about whether to stay closed. “It is a heavy promotion time,” Mantis said. “People are buying, and they’re not always willing to go to multiple stores.” ____ Follow Anne D’Innocenzio http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Macy’s to open an hour earlier on Thanksgiving Day Mall of America to Close for Thanksgiving Connecticut Post Mall closed for Thanksgiving Macy’s sees happy holidays and shares boom Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WTNH NEWS8 provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Also, you can now block any inappropriate user by simple selecting the drop down menu on the right of any comment and selection "Block User" from there. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners Media General The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Technology Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Black Friday Holiday Gifts     CES 2017: New HTC Vive VR Headset To Launch At CES Posted: Nov 9 2016, 4:50am CST | by M. Affan, in News | CES   Credit: Getty Images HTC Vive to launch an all-new VR headset at CES 2017   The new head set will be an enhanced version of the VR venture between HTC and Valve Earlier in 2016 HTC and Valve strengthened their partnership when they launched the HTC Vive VR headset. Since its launch the headset has been making quite some positive noise in the marketplace. So taking the headset’s popularity into account HTC Vive has decided to launch an all-new VR headset. How To: Find Hatchimals In Stock The enhanced version of the headset will probably be launched at the upcoming CES 2017 event. Although there are no confirmed reports on this development the hinting is more than enough to speculate.  Rikard Steiber is the Senior Vice President of Virtual Reality at HTC. According to Steiber, the company is in the works for an upgrade on the Vive headset. The upgrades come as more people are embracing and opening up to the tech. Stieber also stated the innovation involved in making the headset will have an annual cycle pattern. The majority of the upgrades in the headset are being made to the modification of the arcade-style peripherals which show visuals like steering wheels and weapons. Even the lighthouse tracking system in Valve will be upgraded which will reduce the component count for the SteamVR headset from 41 to 9, according to Gearnuke.  This will also in turn lower the price and the complexity of the VR headset. More than 2560 component placements will be removed from the headset as part of the modifications. A second generation tracking system and motion controllers will be applied to the Vive headset. Mainly the form and the ease of installation are expected to be upgraded in the Vive headset. It will most probably result in a new design with lower mass so it is easier to put on.  The CES (Consumer Electronics Show) will be held in Las Vegas, Nevada, with all the events taking place between 3rd till 8th of January, 2017. You May Like The Author M. Affan M. Affan covers the hottest news that captivate the web today.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Samsung Wins 35 CES 2017 Innovation Awards 3 days ago, 3:35pm CST CES 2017 Honors LG with 21 Innovation Awards 3 days ago, 3:28pm CST CES 2017 Best of Innovation Honorees Announced by CES 3 days ago, 11:59am CST CES 2017: Faraday Future Releases Teaser Video of its New Electric Car 4 days ago, 10:24am CST Meijer Black Friday 2016 Deals and Schedule Announced 40 minutes ago Apple Pay Can Now Be Used for Donations 2 hours ago, 4:56pm CST Soyuz Spacecraft Arrives at Baikonur Launchpad ahead of ISS Mission 2 hours ago, 4:08pm CST Macy's Black Friday 2016 Deals Previewed 5 hours ago, 1:47pm CST U.S. Parents are Spanking their Kids Less Today, Study Finds 5 hours ago, 1:33pm CST Hatchimals and NES Classic Stock Gone Online 5 hours ago, 1:28pm CST Financial Phishing To Increase This Holiday Season 6 hours ago, 12:18pm CST Jaguar's First All-Electric SUV I-Pace Revealing is Tomorrow 6 hours ago, 12:07pm CST NextEV Previews its Hypercar Ahead of Next Week Debut 7 hours ago, 12:02pm CST Facebook and Twitter Helped me Win Says Trump 7 hours ago, 12:00pm CST Black Friday Oculus Rift and HTC Vive VR Headset Deals Are Weak 7 hours ago, 11:51am CST Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Featured News Black Friday Oculus Rift and HTC Vive VR Headset Deals Are Weak Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   All Black Friday 2016 Deals on Samsung TVs Announced Sam's Club Samsung Saturday Sale on Nov. 19 Announced CES Samsung Wins 35 CES 2017 Innovation Awards 3 days ago, 3:35pm CST CES 2017 Honors LG with 21 Innovation Awards 3 days ago, 3:28pm CST CES 2017 Best of Innovation Honorees Announced by CES 3 days ago, 11:59am CST CES 2017: Faraday Future Releases Teaser Video of its New Electric Car 4 days ago, 10:24am CST More CES Stories Latest News Meijer Black Friday 2016 Deals and Schedule Announced 40 minutes ago Apple Pay Can Now Be Used for Donations 2 hours ago, 4:56pm CST Soyuz Spacecraft Arrives at Baikonur Launchpad ahead of ISS Mission 2 hours ago, 4:08pm CST $299.99 50-inch Samsung UN50J5201AFXZA Smart TV Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Deal 4 hours ago, 2:34pm CST More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the first Black Friday 2016 deals are already on sale as of October 30. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
Home News Local National State Sports College League Leisure Middle School Prep Professional Sports Opinion Life Arts At Home Community Engagements/Weddings/Anniversaries History Library Obitiuaries Submissions Obituaries Opinion Letters Other Opinion Our Opinion Subscribe Public Notices Classifieds Contact Us Search Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Bossier Press-Tribune Home News AllLocalNationalState BPCC online programs rated top in America Photo gallery: Parkway vs. Captain Shreve 2016-2017 Regional Autonomous Robotics Circuit kicks off BPCC named ‘Military Friendly School’ for sixth year in a row Sports AllCollegeLeagueLeisureMiddle SchoolPrepProfessionalSports Opinion Airline All-Parish baseball MVP Cameron Parikh signs with Louisiana Tech Airline All-Parish pitcher Hannah Hutson signs with Arkansas-Monticello High school basketball: Boys season preview High school basketball: Girls season preview Life AllArtsAt HomeCommunityEngagements/Weddings/AnniversariesHistoryLibraryObitiuariesSubmissions Obituary: Pastor Bobbie J. Deen Obituary: Barbara Joe Brumley Obituary: Mrs. Jovena “Jo” Larned Obituary: Darlene Davis Obituaries Opinion AllLettersOther OpinionOur Opinion Brown: The right to vote and Veterans Day Johnson: The sales don’t end on Black Friday Waguespack: The scores are in Fax-Net Update: New Senate polls Subscribe Public Notices Classifieds Contact Us Home News Local New buildings around Bossier City, Benton a sign of major growth News Local New buildings around Bossier City, Benton a sign of major growth November 9, 2016 1043 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Sean Green sean@bossierpress.com If you build it, they will come. And if all the buildings going up are any indication, Bossier City officials say the people are coming. “I can think of six or eight (new retail buildings being built), right off the top of my head,” said Bossier City Metropolitan Planning Commission Director Sam Marsiglia. These include car washes, a new multi-tenant strip center anchored by Aspen Dental on Airline Drive near Walmart where the old Exxon gas station was recently torn down, a Hartz Chicken restaurant on north Airline, a new bank on Airline and Brownlee Road, and two fast food restaurants in south Bossier. The Bossier City permits department said that to date in 2016, 48 commercial business have filed for building permits at a value of more than $43.2 million. “Over the last three 10-year censuses, we’ve grown around 10 percent each census. We’re getting big,” Marsiglia said. He noted the current development trend is multi-tenant strip centers, with one on Airline Drive and Barksdale Boulevard 75 percent complete and another one in the works for East Texas Street. “We’re seeing a lot of lease spaces,” he said,”and they don’t build those until they have them leased out.” Marsiglia’s office is seeing more infield development where older buildings are torn down and new buildings take their place. “We love they’re going on old spots with new architectural standards and landscaping that dresses up the town.” This new look for Bossier comes down to the city’s construction standards, with Marsiglia explaining, “They’re a higher standard on at least three sides of the building. We don’t have a particular style, but we regulate the type of materials and the amount on the building.” Also in the works are expansions for Bossier’s medical field with the previously announced CHRISTUS Health Shreveport Bossier emergency and micro hospital model on Viking Drive, which broke ground last month. Marsiglia also revealed Willis-Knighton is preparing to submit its official plans for the development at the old Palmetto Country Club in Benton. He said it’s a combination of town homes, assisted living facility, single-family homes, and eventually a 60-bed hospital with emergency facility. Speaking of Benton, Marsiglia who handles the Benton zoning office as well, said he has seen a big uptick in residential housing for that area. While the boom that hit Bossier in the wake of the Haynesville Shale discovery in 2008 has subsided, he said the housing construction is holding steady. “A few years ago we used to do 600 or 700 new houses, now it’s down to about 300. But it’s been at that level for the past three or four years.” According to the Bossier City permits department, so far in 2016, 241 houses were built this year with a total value of $36.89 million. Marsiglia said that north Bossier is the boom area for the parish with 60 percent of the work his office does going towards development north of I-220 on Airline Drive. The perfect example is the brand new Walmart Supercenter being built on Airline and Wemple Road. “(That) isn’t going up north of I-220 for no reason,” said Marsiglia. “Just in that area, they’ll have a region of 22,000 people to draw from for that new store without going south of I-220.” Looking five to 10 years down the road, he said he doesn’t see it stopping, saying, “The Cyber Innovation Center will only have more tenants, our downtown re-envisioning project will be in full force by then. I see a lot going on.” SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleChristmas comes to Haughton Next articleCrime Stoppers donates to help domestic violence victims Sean Green RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR BPCC online programs rated top in America Photo gallery: Parkway vs. Captain Shreve 2016-2017 Regional Autonomous Robotics Circuit kicks off STAY CONNECTED 8,885FansLike 2,822FollowersFollow Sign Up For the Daily Report Advertisement – Brooks Advertisement – LPA – New Orleans Hotel Collection Advertisement LPA – Louisiana Association of Educators LPA-Advertisement-Louisiana Travel and Promotion (Livingston Parish Christmas Festival Advertisement – LPA (Aetna Louisiana) Advertisement – LPA (Louisiana Christmas Program) ABOUT USMission: A locally-minded, unified team serving God and our community to the utmost of our abilities and resources. Utilizing an atmosphere that encourages fun, progressiveness, and focused effort, we aspire to a level of profitability that will improve our team members, their families, and the community at large. FOLLOW US © 2016 Bossier Newspaper Publishing Co., Inc.
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries e-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive How can I help the Salvation Army? Wednesday Nov 9, 2016 at 9:06 AM There are several ways to help the Carthage Salvation Army. Staff Reports There are several ways to help the Carthage Salvation Army. Volunteer opportunities are fast-approaching with the Thanksgiving basket distributions. The following are times when volunteers can help with tasks for families in need: 10 a.m.-2 p.m. Wednesday, Nov. 9 building boxes 10 a.m.-noon Thursday, Nov. 10 begin packing boxes 10 a.m.-2 p.m. Friday, Nov. 11 packing boxes 10 a.m.-2 p.m. Monday, Nov. 14-Wednesday, Nov. 16 finish packing boxes 10 a.m.-until finished Nov. 17 - distribute boxes and help with pick-up and delivery. The annual bell ringing will kick off in Carthage Nov. 25 at Walmart, King Cash Saver, and Race Brothers. Bell ringers are needed for the following times: 10 a.m.-8 p.m. Monday through Saturday (no Sundays) Nov. 25 and Dec. 24. Similar preparations are needed for the Christmas boxes for families in need. The following are times and dates for volunteer opportunities: Nov. 28-30 from 10 a.m.-2 p.m. building Christmas boxes Dec. 1 from 10 a.m.-noon begin packing boxes Dec. 2 from 10 a.m.-2 p.m. packing boxes Dec. 5-7 from 10 a.m.-2 p.m. finish back boxes Dec. 15 - from 10 a.m. until finished - distribute boxes and help with pick-up and delivery. Angel Tree toys are due at the Salvation Army by Friday, Dec. 9. On Monday, Dec. 12 volunteers will begin decorating toy shop tables. From 9 a.m.-6 p.m. Dec. 13 will be toy set up in dining hall. Toy shop set-up and food boxes will be finishing Dec. 14. Adopt-a-family gift distribution will be 9 a.m.-5 p.m. Dec. 15. Late Christmas applications and shopping will take place Dec. 16. To RSVP or for questions regarding volunteering this year, contact Capt. Chuck Cook at 388-4051. Angel Tree questions may be directed to his wife, Capt. Dana Cook at 417-483-1816. Christmas applications and general Christmas questions can be answered by Stephanie Sonntag at 358-2262. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us e-Edition Place an Ad Submit Your News Calendar Market Place Cars Classifieds RadarFrog Featured Ads Boats Magazine Community Info The City of Carthage Chamber of Commerce R-9 School District Carthage CVB Missouri Government Carthage Demographics Church Directory Sports MSSU Pitt State MO Sports KC Royals KC Chiefs MU Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Carthage Press ~ 800 W. Central (P.O. Box 678), Carthage, MO 64836 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Police & Fire State News Nation & World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports High School Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Boomers Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Games Contests Branded Content Submit your news Subscriber e-Edition Subscribe Market Place Find-N-Save Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Consultants Forum FacilityLocations FastFacility Advertise Subscribe Close Free for qualified executives and consultants to industry Receive quarterly issues of Area Development Magazine and special market report and directory issues Subscribe Now Renew Area Development - Site Selection, Facility Planning and Workforce Development Follow Search Close Area Development Homepage All Sections Site Selection Business Globalization / Next Shoring Corporate Exec Survey Results Economy / Market Analysis Government Policy / Business Climate Taxes / Incentives Facility Planning Asset / Facility Management Construction / Project Planning Sustainable Development Workforce Development Labor Costs / Organized Labor Skilled Labor / STEM Workforce Training / Education Workplace Trends Business+Place Annual Econdev Awards Frontline International Location Reports Leading Metro Locations Location Notebook Top States for Business AD Editorial Board Bill Luttrell Senior Locations Strategist, Werner Global Logistics, Werner Enterprises Bradley Migdal Senior Managing Director, Business Incentives Practice, Cushman & Wakefield, Inc. Christine Bustamante National Co-Leader, Global Location and Expansion Services, State and Local Tax, KPMG LLP Dan Levine Practice Leader, Location Strategies and Economic Development, Oxford Economics, Inc. Dan White Senior Economist, Moody's Analytics Dean J. Uminski, CEcD Principal, Crowe Horwath Dennis Cuneo Managing Partner , Fisher & Phillips Dick Sheehy Director of Advanced Planning and Site Selection, CH2M HILL Eric Stavriotis Senior Vice President, CBRE, Inc. Gregory Burkart Managing Director and Practice Leader, Site Selection & Business Incentive Advisory Services, Duff & Phelps, LLC Jamie Lominack Corporate Real Estate Manager, Michelin North America John Morris SIOR, Industrial Services Lead for the Americas, Cushman & Wakefield, Inc. Kathy Mussio Managing Partner, Atlas Insight, LLC Larry Gigerich Managing Director , Ginovus Les Cranmer Senior Managing Director, Savills Studley Michael McDermott Consulting Manager, Global Business Consulting, Cushman & Wakefield Minah Hall Managing Director, True Partners Consulting LLC Scott Kupperman Founder, Kupperman Location Solutions Scott Redabaugh Managing Director, JLL Stephen Gray CEO, Gray Construction Thomas J. Stringer, Esq. Managing Director & Practice Leader, Site Selection and Business Incentives Group, BDO USA Tim Feemster Managing Principal, Foremost Quality Logistics Site Selection | Logistics / Infrastructure Creatively Optimizing the Supply Chain to “Own” the Last Mile In an increasingly competitive marketplace, companies need to be innovative and nimble in facing the last-mile, same-day delivery challenge head on. Rich Thompson, International Director and Leader, Supply Chain & Logistics Solutions, JLL Q4 2016 Creativity and global mobilization are two essential ingredients as retailers rise to the supply chain challenge of this decade: consumer demand for instant gratification. In this era of ever-speedier product delivery, consumers want their goods “now.” As the emergence of e-commerce and direct-to-consumer shipping fundamentally changes the logistics landscape, traditional brick-and-mortar retailers and pure-play e-tailers alike are experimenting with new solutions and new ideas — making this one of the most creative periods in supply chain history. Related Research Where Automation in Warehousing Could Be Most Felt Intermodal Continues to Revolutionize Logistics and Industrial Real Estate Strategies E-Commerce Development, Industrial Land Pricing, and the “Amazon Effect” The Leaderboard - The top 18 distribution markets in the U.S. - JLL The Challenge Gone are the days when a three-to-five-day shipping standard was acceptable. As retailers look to compete not just on price point, but also on delivery time, in an increasingly competitive marketplace, they must face the last-mile, same-day delivery challenge head on. Consumers have come to expect ease, speed, reduced or free shipping costs for many of their online purchases. But they are still willing to accept some limits on the type of product purchased and the location of the buyer, as well as the time and cost incurred to fulfill an order. The Innovations The prevalence of free shipping and ship-from-store options has inspired creative approaches from global retailers to ensure on-time delivery. In fact, the ability to deliver on time — particularly for milestone, gift-oriented holidays such as Christmas and Chanukah — may depend on supply chain and related real estate decisions made much earlier in the year. Online retailers — such as Amazon, Net-a-Porter, and Etsy, among others — have been or are beginning to offer same-day delivery. Meanwhile, traditional retailers are searching for innovative ways to compete with this delivery model. In the race to keep up with e-commerce players, retail giants Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s both launched same-day delivery services in 50 of their stores — across eight of Macy’s markets and four of Bloomingdale’s. And Macy’s recently decided to close some stores to focus more intensely on e-commerce. Changing retail and e-commerce habits; supply chain restructuring; reshoring of industrial production and new technologies are fundamentally changing industrial and logistics property demand. The new consumer-centric supply chain is now at the heart of business and their high expectations dictate a new approach to the entire supply chain, not simply the real estate. Last-Mile Warriors With their enormous infrastructure advantage, traditional delivery providers like FedEx, United Parcel Service (UPS), and the U.S. Postal Service (USPS) are the largest providers of last-mile (home) delivery. For years, the United States’ $700 billion freight transportation market has been dominated by these shipping giants. Both FedEx and UPS have been expanding their network capabilities to provide two-day, next-day, and same-day shipping for retailers and e-tailers under pressure to deliver quickly. Gone are the days when a three-to-five-day shipping standard was acceptable. As retailers look to compete not just on price point, but also on delivery time, in an increasingly competitive marketplace, they must face the last-mile, same-day delivery challenge head on. However, delivery strategies are becoming increasingly more creative in response to more demanding customer expectations. Some new delivery service players are shifting away from the traditional delivery models. UberRUSH, for instance, is providing major retailers such as Nordstrom, Rent the Runway, and Cole Haan with a very large, nimble, on-demand urban delivery fleet in selected cities that would be very costly to build from scratch — yet Uber does not own any cars. Google now offers Google Express, a consumer membership-based local delivery service. Meanwhile, Starship Technologies’ co-founders have developed an even more creative solution, hoping to automate the last-mile delivery process with robots designed to navigate the streets at up to four miles per hour to their destinations, ideally helping to ease delivery congestion and costs. Retail behemoth Walmart is actively seeking regulatory approval to test drone deliveries, and a newly enacted FAA rule will likely make this option a reality. Amazon recently launched its own on-demand services, named Amazon Flex, which mimics Uber’s model of independent contractors and a mobile app for service, and allows Amazon to deliver goods within an elusive one-hour window. Similarly, newcomer Instacart deploys a fleet of personal grocery shoppers using their own cars and smartphones. For these new players and delivery service disruptors, expedited “final mile” delivery is at the core of the value proposition. Some retailers are creating partnerships with innovative startups to get the goods to their customers. Walgreens, for example, is working with on-demand startup Postmates to make popular items available for fast delivery. ShopRunner provides two-day shipping for its online retail brand partners. Then there is Deliv, which partners with shopping malls and on-demand drivers to provide same-day delivery for retailers that lack their own logistics infrastructure. It is clear that we have not seen the end of new and highly innovative last-mile distribution strategies. New property types include one-million-plus-square-foot mega e-fulfillment centers, parcel sortation hubs, local parcel delivery centers and urban logistics depots, return processing centers, and food fulfillment centers, as well as new forms of last-mile fulfillment centers. Creativity Comes to the Distribution Landscape What success really boils down to is good old-fashioned logistics. Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba saw sales hit a new record of $14.3 billion on Singles’ Day in 2015, while handling a record-breaking 80,000 orders per second at its peak. Creativity alone didn’t get those orders delivered in a timely manner — a robust supply chain network did. It took capital, the infrastructure of vehicle fleets, and the real estate required for rapid deliveries. The company estimated that 1.7 million delivery people, 400,000 vehicles, and 200 airplanes would be needed to handle packages holding everything from iPhones to underwear. In the big cities, access can be a challenge. In major markets with heavy sales volumes for many retailers, last-mile delivery often involves navigating trucks and delivery vehicles in dense urban areas where land is costly and opportunities for large-block development are often scarce. Amazon, for instance, is opening six major distribution centers in a ring around Chicago, all in the suburbs where large-scale real estate is cheaper, while providing access to large consumer population centers and their network of smaller, more urban last-mile delivery facilities. New Top Distribution Markets: Front Nine and Back Nine As transportation costs continue to escalate and sustainability becomes more important to companies and consumers alike — along with consumers’ desire for instant gratification — retailers, e-tailers, and their distribution partners are seeking facilities closer to their customers. They’re rethinking the distribution network. And while the “front nine” distribution hubs such as Chicago, Los Angeles, and New Jersey/New York continue to thrive, “back nine” secondary markets are beginning to attract the attention of supply chain executives. According to JLL’s Leaderboard: The Top 18 U.S. Distribution Markets report, areas such as the Carolinas, Florida, and the “Honky Tonk Triangle” of Louisville, Memphis, and Nashville offer the transportation options, affordable real estate, and access to markets that competitive retailers are seeking. Optimizing the supply chain means creating a delivery network that has the right balance — minimizing operating costs, such as transportation, labor, inventory, and real estate, while being in position to meet customer service expectations. In a world of three- to five-day delivery, fewer distribution centers were required. In a consumer world expecting next-day or even same-day delivery, more facilities will be required closer to the customer. While automation and robotics have added speed and accuracy to central warehouse operations, human capital and ingenuity still count when it comes to last-mile delivery. In a world of three- to five-day delivery, fewer distribution centers were required. In a consumer world expecting next-day or even same-day delivery, more facilities will be required closer to the customer. Inside the Box Retailers and their distribution partners are testing new approaches to improve their product flow and balance operating costs with service delivery levels. Ultimately, retailers must master the delicate balancing act of last-mile delivery and the investments required to succeed in keeping up with growing consumer demand levels. The need to deliver packages to customers when and where they want them has sparked a renaissance in distribution center development, related technologies, and management. Entirely new types of facilities have emerged to transform the global supply chain, all aimed to satisfy consumer demand — during the holidays and throughout the year. New property types include one-million-plus-square-foot mega e-fulfillment centers, parcel sortation hubs, local parcel delivery centers and urban logistics depots, return processing centers, and food fulfillment centers, as well as new forms of last-mile fulfillment centers. In addition, new distribution models are emerging. Of course, traditional fulfillment and delivery continues, with online retailers tapping traditional parcel carriers for shipping orders from distribution center to parcel hub to the customer, or outsourcing to third-party logistics providers. In secondary markets with lower customer density, large global retailers are making the most of their existing real estate to ship from stores, with the scale, system of stores, and product volume to reach many customers throughout the country. Some are turning excess brick-and-mortar locations into “dark store” fulfillment centers, providing last-mile convenient pick-up locations for consumers rather than last-mile delivery. In dense, urban areas, timely last-mile delivery is essential for staying competitive. Branded delivery services, such as Amazon, Google, and UberFresh, are gaining popularity; and eBay — among others — has launched its own delivery service, eBay Now. Several retailers and online giants are experimenting with locker pick-up systems, although these require heavy infrastructure to fulfill orders quickly from stores or infill fulfillment locations. Increases in freight costs, trucking capacity concerns, labor availability, the impact of e-commerce, more competitive delivery requirements, talent management, global complexities, and risk mitigation — these are only some of the operational concerns keeping supply chain professionals up at night. Retailers and e-tailers alike are discovering that they need both cutting-edge logistics and an efficient warehouse network to compete. Making efficient use of these new types of spaces and optimizing the distribution network will require distributors to rely heavily on Big Data and analytics to help stay ahead of consumer demand. Meanwhile, warehouses and drivers will want to give and receive real-time information about their capacity. Before the Doorbell Rings When it comes to supply chain optimization and distribution network strategy, companies need to be innovative and nimble. For many companies, there’s a gap between supply chain strategy and real estate execution. Integrating these two important functions is the key to successfully “owning” the last mile. Rich Thompson, International Director and Leader, Supply Chain & Logistics Solutions, JLL Rich Thompson is an international director and is Leader for the Supply Chain & Logistics Solutions consulting team for Jones Lang LaSalle. Thompson is a recognized supply chain veteran with over 25 years of combined consulting and industry experience. Prior to joining Jones Lang LaSalle, Thompson was a senior vice president and corporate officer with Schreiber Foods, a $4 billion global food company, and a partner in the global supply chain consulting practice at Ernst & Young. Thompson has been an active member of the Council of Supply Chain Management Professionals (CSCMP) since 1989, the Warehouse Education Research Council (WERC), and serves on the editorial advisory board for DC Velocity magazine. He was selected as one of DC Velocity's annual “Rainmakers” in 2010, recognizing his “lasting contributions to the supply chain management profession”. He has served as a consultant for over 100 corporations across the world. Thompson holds a Bachelor’s degree in Marketing from Miami University (Ohio) and an M.B.A. degree in Finance and Marketing from The University of Chicago Graduate School of Business. Logistics / Infrastructure Intermodal Boom Will Revolutionize Supply Chain Logistics and Industrial Real Estate Strategy Q3 2014 Logistics / Infrastructure How E-Commerce Is Changing the Face of Industrial Distribution Center Real Estate Q4 / Fall 2013 Logistics / Infrastructure 6 Key Themes Driving The U.S. Industrial Real Estate Resurgence August 2012 Location USA Why "Made in America" Makes Good Business Sense Location USA 2012 RELATED TOPICS AND ARTICLES Logistics / Infrastructure Economy / Market Analysis DCs / Warehousing Critical Site Selection Factor #8: Proximity to Major Markets Trucking Industry Challenges Impact Costs, Productivity Front Line: “Smart Cities” Use Technology & Data to Improve Citizens’ Lives Intermodal Continues to Revolutionize Logistics and Industrial Real Estate Strategies Improving the Commute - and Economic Development - With BRT Editor’s Note: Disruptive Technologies Continue to Change the Face of Manufacturing West’s Economic Lead is Tested in 2016 Editor’s Note: U.S. Manufacturers Will Spend Their Money at Home Editor’s Note: 2016 Economic Projections - Growth Will Be Good But Not Great Editor’s Note: Economic Growth Off to Slow Start Where Automation in Warehousing Could Be Most Felt E-Commerce Development, Industrial Land Pricing, and the “Amazon Effect” How a Global Tire Manufacturer Finds the Perfect Match in a Distribution Center Location Six Predictions Regarding the Industrial RE Market Recovery and How They Have Played Out Ship-From-Store: the next link in the chain Article Discussion News Items Around The Web Studies/Research Hearthstone, Inc. Expands Manufacturing Center In Newport, Tennessee 11/14/2016 ExxonMobil Expands Beaumont, Texas Polyethylene Plant 11/14/2016 Green Charge-REC Solar Plan Solar Storage Facility In Rohnert, California 11/14/2016 Axalta Coating Systems Upgrades Its Powder Manufacturing Center In Houston, Texas 11/11/2016 Renewable Energy Group Expands Its Ralston, Iowa, Biorefinery 11/11/2016 Qorpak Unveils Warehouse-Assembly Complex In Clinton, Pennsylvania 11/11/2016 ADP to Create Up To 1,500 Jobs In Tempe, Arizona, Operations Center 11/11/2016 All News Items  Tips: Send Us Business Expansion or Relocation News Where Should Aerospace Companies Invest? Evaluating Aerospace Manufacturing Hubs Scott Thompson, PwC 2016 Top States for Doing Business: Georgia Back in Top Spot Again Steve Stackhouse-Kaelble Regional Talent Attraction Study Results: It’s Not All About Core Cities Joshua Wright, Emsi U.S. Manufacturers Attempting to Upskill Their Workforces Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine Developing Loyalty Among a Millennial Workforce Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine 2016 Gold & Silver Shovel Awards Recognize States That Have Garnered High-Impact Economic Development Projects Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine Mark Crawford Technological Innovation Essential to U.S. Manufacturing Growth Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine Which Countries Have Lowest Business Costs? Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine Ideas for Industry Innovation Ecosystems Put Into Play Craig Giffi, Deloitte LLP Michelle Drew Rodriguez, Deloitte Services LP 12th Annual Consultants Survey: Clients’ Robust New Facility/Expansion Plans Revealed Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine All Studies/Research/Papers Most Read Critical Site Selection Factor #8: Proximity to Major Markets Critical Site Selection Factor #7: Corporate Tax Rate Location & Incentive Opportunities and Strategies: The Value in Exploring “the Rest of the Story” 2016 Gold & Silver Shovel Awards Recognize States That Have Garnered High-Impact Economic Development Projects 2016 Top States for Doing Business: Georgia Back in Top Spot Again Developing Loyalty Among a Millennial Workforce U.S. Manufacturers Attempting to Upskill Their Workforces Follow Area Development SPECIAL PRESENTATIONS 2016 Top States for Doing Business: Georgia Back in Top Spot Again Leading Locations for 2016: San Francisco-Redwood City-South San Francisco Ranks First Among MSAs 2016 Gold & Silver Shovel Awards Recognize States That Have Garnered High-Impact Economic Development Projects 30th Annual Corporate Survey & 12th Annual Consultants Survey Results Share Area Development Magazine Current Issue Past Issues Subscribe State Resources Mid-Atlantic Delaware Maryland New Jersey New York Pennsylvania Midwest Illinois Indiana Iowa Michigan Minnesota Missouri Ohio Wisconsin Mountain Colorado Idaho Montana Nevada Utah Wyoming New England Connecticut Maine Massachusetts New Hampshire Rhode Island Vermont Pacific Alaska California Hawaii Oregon Washington Plains Kansas Nebraska North Dakota South Dakota South Alabama Arkansas Kentucky Louisiana Mississippi Tennessee South-Atlantic Florida Georgia North Carolina South Carolina Virginia West Virginia Southwest Arizona New Mexico Oklahoma Texas Site Selection Business Globalization / Next Shoring Corporate Exec Survey Results Economy / Market Analysis Government Policy / Business Climate Logistics / Infrastructure Site Selection Factors / Strategy Taxes / Incentives Facility Planning Asset / Facility Management Capital Access / Finance Construction / Project Planning Portfolio Management / CRE Sustainable Development Workforce Development Labor Costs / Organized Labor Skilled Labor / STEM Workforce Training / Education Workplace Trends Business+Place Annual Econdev Awards Economic Development Directory Frontline International Location Reports Leading Metro Locations Location Notebook Top States for Business U.S. Regional Reports Departments News Items Studies/Research/Papers Viewpoint Industry Sectors Advanced Manufacturing Aerospace Automotive Biotech / Life Sciences Energy / Clean Tech Food Processing Inward Investment Guides Location Canada Location USA Property Types Corporate HQ / Office Data Centers DCs / Warehousing Manufacturing / Industrial Services Newsletter RSS Advertise About Us Contact Related Sites Consultants Forum FacilityLocations FastFacility FastGIS Free for qualified executives and consultants to industry Receive quarterly issues of Area Development Magazine and special market report and directory issues Subscribe Now Area Development Exclusives Next Slide Previous Slide Top States for Business » 2016 Top States for Doing Business: Georgia Back in Top Spot Again Leading Metro Locations » Leading Locations for 2016: San Francisco-Redwood City-South San Francisco Ranks First Among MSAs Annual Gold Shovel Economic Development Awards » 2016 Gold & Silver Shovel Awards Recognize States That Have Garnered High-Impact Economic Development Projects Executive Survey Results » 30th Annual Survey of Corporate Executives: Cautious Optimism Reflected Inward Investment Guides » Location USA: A guide for inward investment to the United States Inward Investment Guides » FDI: Location Canada Economic Development Directory » Find the Right Location for Your Next Business Site, Facility or Headquarters Available Buildings and Sites » The free access database for companies, consultants and prospects seeking available buildings and/or sites Services Magazine Subscription/Renewal Newsletter Current Issue Contact Area Development Advertise Quick Links / Topics Asset Management Labor / Workforce Development Site Selection Business Expansion / Economic Development News State Resources Views Special Presentations Gold & Silver Shovel Economic Development Awards Annual Corporate & Consultants Survey Results Leading Metro Locations Top States for Doing Business Related Resources GIS, commercial listings database for expanding companies, consultants and other prospects who are seeking available buildings and/or sites. Scout locations for Your next business site, facility or headquarters and connect with economic development pros who can assist in the site selection process. Events focusing on best practices in economic development, bringing together industry leading consultants with economic development professionals. Follow Area Development on Twitter Pin Us Delicious Follow Area Development on LinkedIn Subscribe to Area Development RSS Feeds Subscribe to Area Development Newsletters All contents copyright © 2016 Halcyon Business Publications, Inc. Close Search Results

Share 4.8k Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-14 Joy Anna Duggar Featured In Family Instagram With Baby After Birthday, Jim Bob And Michelle Want Daughter Courting And Engaged? Entertainment 2016-11-14 ‘People’s’ Sexiest Man Alive 2016: Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson Entertainment 2016-11-14 Was Bradley Cooper Really The Only White Guy At The White House BET Party? Dave Chappelle Gets Candid On ‘SNL’ Entertainment 2016-11-14 Jessa Duggar Pregnant, Hides Baby Bump On Seewald Family Blog And Instagram After Jinger Duggar’s Wedding News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-14 Fake Facebook Trump News Brings Teens $3,000 Per Day: Ford Shifts From Mexico To Ohio Under President Obama, Not Trump News 2016-11-14 Is Donald Trump A White Supremacist? Upcoming KKK Parade And Chief Strategist Steve Bannon Cause Concern [Video] News 2016-11-14 ‘Young & Restless’ Pedophile Corey Sligh Arrested For Child Molestation After His Parents Turned Him In News 2016-11-14 Hillary Clinton: No Obama Pardon Issued, Clinton Didn’t Apply For One Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2016-11-14 The New Zealand Earthquake Was So Powerful It Literally Made The Sky Change Color [Video] Gaming 2016-11-14 ‘Pokemon GO’s’ Lapras Event Disturbingly Morbid, But Shows The Game’s Immense Power Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Halo’ 15th Anniversary To Be Celebrated Next Week, Developer 343 Industries Talks Event And Teases Future ‘Halo 5’ Plans Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Steep’ Beta Opens Up To Everyone November 18 Prior To December 2 Release Date BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 ‘Pawn Stars’ Update: Chumlee As Kylo Ren And Donald Trump Jr. And Other Stars Visit Shop While Filming Season 13 Continues BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Hatchimals Are Must-Have Toys This Holiday Season: How Can You Get Your Hands On One? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 New School Dormitory Doors Vandalized With Drawings Of Swastikas SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Relax Progressives, It’s Going To Be Okay Opinion 4.8k 0 0 November 9, 2016 Relax Progressives, It’s Going To Be Okay Caitlin Johnstone The following article is entirely the opinion of Caitlin Johnstone and does not reflect the views of the Inquisitr. I’m online right now trying to calm the fears of the most sensitive of all internet dwellers, the Tumblr bloggers. If you don’t yet to know about this wonderful corner of the interwebs, it’s where all the sensitive, emotional types go to post their fan art, talk about Steven Universe, social justice and sexuality and their emotions and stuff. If you ever see a comic about anxiety, it almost certainly originated there. They’re really sweet and they’re really scared right now because Trump won. All they know about Trump is that he hates gays and wants to build a wall and he’ll start World War Three any minute now. Leon's so scared of a Trump presidency that he's been curled up on my lap or in my shirt since results started. Don't scare kittens America. pic.twitter.com/LMMcOUo8kf — ShukuenShinobi (@ShukuenShinobi) November 9, 2016 Tumblr people are the emotional canaries of the human mind shaft, and if they need a big hug right now, I’m betting so do you. I want to give you that hug but I also want to show you how none of those things are true either. There really is nothing to worry about. Listen to this — what you’ve got to understand about Trump is that he’s first and foremost a showman. He’s made a study of pro wrestling and he’s in the WWE Hall of Fame, so he is really really good at playing a crowd by playing the bad guy. #ThatMomentWhen You realise this is the new president of the United States of America. ????https://t.co/BNqi5rlmeg — SPORF (@Sporf) November 9, 2016 When Trump started the campaign, there were a lot of very angry working class people who were sick to death of the corruption in government. And they have every right to be. They are losing out big to the one percent in every conceivable way. The very reasons us progressives wanted Bernie Sanders so bad was to help people like Trump supporters. People barely scraping by in the Walmart/welfare trap, with no healthcare, no education, and no way out. These guys are the hardest-dealt victims of neoliberal trade policies. Trump did what he does best. He played the crowd. He knew what they were thinking and he used all their lines back on them. Build a wall, throw out the Muslims, make America great again. They lapped it up. And they immediately trusted him because they were speaking his language. This guy was voicing their worries and concerns and he was offering to fix them. He came right down to their level and he looked them in the eye and said “I get it. You’re hurting. I get it. I’ll fix it.” Zoom forward a year and Trump appears to be the same guy, and he’s still talking to the same people, but here’s the thing: he’s not saying the same words. Pay attention — his immigration policy is a far cry from his original shocking one that talked about deporting 11 million undocumented immigrants, as reported here by the Atlantic. Now, he’s talking about only deporting undocumented immigrants who commit crimes. That’s a significant move to the middle. You can imagine even Hillary supporting that platform. In fact, ABC News reports that the Obama administration has deported more illegal immigrants than any other president in American history, Democrat or Republican. So it’s possible that Obama has been tougher on undocumented immigrants than Trump will be. Now you might protest, “But he’s just saying that!” Yes. He’s saying that, and this is important — they’re listening and they’re fine with it. He brought them along with him. They’re agreeing with him. They’re happy with that solution. If you pay attention, he’s done that with every single contentious issue. He’s even had his deplorables cheering loudly for him being “the biggest supporter” of the LGBTQ community. Again, you might say “Oh but he’s just saying that.” Yes. He’s saying it and they’re cheering. These mobs of people that you’ve been scared will take to the streets and hurt gay people, are, in fact, cheering for them. Trump Brandishes Rainbow Flag At Colorado Rally – https://t.co/hmYrx86VFm pic.twitter.com/vWWRye96R6 — JoeMyGod (@JoeMyGod) October 31, 2016 Same on the Muslim immigration. International Business Times reports he’s wound it back from “ban all Muslims” to just simply vetting certain countries, which I think they probably do anyway, truth be told. Do his supporters care? No, because they trust him. They know he has their back. At his acceptance speech tonight he spoke only of unity. It was a statesman-like speech about the importance of diplomacy among nations, and coming together as a nation, all groups, factions, races, people, to make America great again. So, he gathered up all these legitimately angry people (and by God, their anger is legitimate; they are living like third world people in the richest country in the world), and he listened to them, got them on board, and brought them to here. So, what’s he going to be like as a president? Well, if I was to place a bet, I think he’ll be a maker/doer president. He loves making stuff, big stuff, and he really lit up in his acceptance speech when he talked about building infrastructure. That’s his game, that’s what he loves, and that’s what he’s looking forward to. His eyes sparkled at the thought of bringing the bling to America again. He’s made it clear he’s not interested in trade agreements taking away jobs from everyday Americans, so I think he’ll stand strong on the TPP. He’s made it clear that he’s a lover, not a fighter, and he has no interest in taking on Russia for example. He wants to do deals. That’s what he’s good at, and that’s what he knows. War games aren’t his bag. So I think we can look forward to some big pimpin’ bridges in our future, Trump roads studded with Swarovski crystals, and a garish makeover for the White house. In making all that stuff, he really is going to create jobs for people, real jobs doing real things, and that can only be good. It’s not anywhere near as exciting as the Green New Deal that Dr. Jill Stein proposed, but it’s better than nothing. Internally, in the Republican party, they’re going to find it tough going indeed. Chris Hayes predicted that a Trump presidency would be the end of the Republicans as we know it. And the Republicans present agreed with him! Trump is very much an outsider, and worse, he’s an outsider who leads. There was a reason why all the establishment Republicans were voting for Hillary, and why Washington DC itself voted 93 percent for Hillary. They knew with her that it would be business as usual. Trump is an unknown quantity, a guy who had to pretend he’d read the Bible just to fit in, someone who has his own ideas on how things should be run. He’s not an insider, and he’s not a puppet either. He’s really their worst nightmare. They admit that. #NeverTrump Republicans are calling out GOP colleagues for supporting Trump https://t.co/uMgjiCQ4t8 pic.twitter.com/wwswiNz1dt — Mother Jones (@MotherJones) November 9, 2016 Look at it this way. In one fell swoop we’ve taken out the establishment Democrats, and the establishment Republicans, in one hit. Yes, it’s a brave new world and we don’t know what it looks like yet, but I do know that what it was like was very sick. It was a very sick system that had become corrupted beyond repair. We know because we tried very hard to fix it. Trump will be the clean sweep we need to start again. In four years time, either a very-humbled Democratic party or a new progressive party altogether will be ready to offer a real alternative of our choosing. How good will that be? An actual candidate that we want! So we have an interesting few years ahead but we will have a clean house, a sense of purpose and a will of our own that isn’t being sabotaged relentlessly from within. It’s a new dawn, progressives. We can work with this. [Featured Image by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Val Chmerkovskiy Sued For $6 Million After Posting Insulting Meme Now Read This: Bernie Voters Know Trump May Actually Do More To Put Progressives In Power Than Clinton Could Share 4.8k Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Caitlin Johnstone Tags: demexit, Donald Trump, hillary clinton, progressives Comments LATEST HEADLINES Rockstar Games Removes The Unlock Requirements On More ‘GTA Online’ Heist Vehicles This Week For The Third Anniversary Of ‘Grand Theft Auto V’ ‘WWE Monday Night Raw’ Results: November 14, ‘Survivor Series’ Go-Home Show — Live Updates Fake Facebook Trump News Brings Teens $3,000 Per Day: Ford Shifts From Mexico To Ohio Under President Obama, Not Trump Is Donald Trump A White Supremacist? Upcoming KKK Parade And Chief Strategist Steve Bannon Cause Concern [Video] Week 6 Thursday Night Football Preview: Saints At Panthers — Injury Updates, Fantasy Football Projections, Vegas Odds Samsung Makes Its Biggest Deal Ever: Buys Harman Audio In $8 Billion All-Cash Deal To Speed Ahead In Smart Car Technologies ‘Young & Restless’ Pedophile Corey Sligh Arrested For Child Molestation After His Parents Turned Him In NBA Trade Rumors: Enes Kanter To Raptors, Terrence Ross, And Patrick Patterson To Thunder Wayne Newton Vegas Neighborhood Under Attack By Peacocks Hot Car Death: Dad Guilty Verdict Thanks Mostly To Cheating Escapades Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 51.4k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 27.6k 0 0 Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 226.3k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 22.5k 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 78.4k 0 0 Forget Mars, Trump Wants NASA To Visit Jupiter’s Moon Europa And Explore The Solar System 11.5k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 9.9k 0 0 Recent Headlines Mandy Moore: ‘This Is Us’ Episode 7 Secret Will Divide The Pearson Family 2 0 0 Fake Facebook Trump News Brings Teens $3,000 Per Day: Ford Shifts From Mexico To Ohio Under President Obama, Not Trump 4 0 0 Is Donald Trump A White Supremacist? Upcoming KKK Parade And Chief Strategist Steve Bannon Cause Concern [Video] 2 0 0 Week 6 Thursday Night Football Preview: Saints At Panthers — Injury Updates, Fantasy Football Projections, Vegas Odds 1 0 0 Samsung Makes Its Biggest Deal Ever: Buys Harman Audio In $8 Billion All-Cash Deal To Speed Ahead In Smart Car Technologies 1 0 0 ‘Young & Restless’ Pedophile Corey Sligh Arrested For Child Molestation After His Parents Turned Him In 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Cartoons Crosswords Login Register My account Logout Facebook Twitter GooglePlus Newsletters I'm a Celebrity Gossip, pics and video from the jungle Got a story, picture or video to share? Quizzes Videos Most read News Sections Latest News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health Top News Plush Mayfair mansion of late fashion designer Alexander McQueen goes on sale for a cool £8.5 MILLION Most Read in News Trump and Putin vow to tackle ISIS together as they hold breakthrough talks after billionaire's election New Zealand earthquake: Live updates as two more earthquakes hit South Island in aftermath of deadly quake Supermoon 2016: Live updates as the most spectacular full moon in nearly 70 YEARS happens around the world Scandal as 'pornographic' photographs of racy young minister uncovered Here's why Donald Trump's first meeting with Barack Obama overran by an hour Trending Today Donald Trump Barack Obama Vladimir Putin Edward Snowden Steve Rowe Popular this week US Election Hillary Rodham Clinton Donald Trump Weather Remembrance Day Politics Football Sport Sections Latest Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Top Sport No 1, no worries! Murray cruises to straight sets victory over Cilic for perfect start to ATP World Tour Finals bid to finish year on top of the world Most Read in Sport Liverpool's Daniel Sturridge ready to spark January transfer tug-of-war with Anfield exit "Football doesn't belong to you" - San Marino hit back at "bully" Thomas Muller's claim that playing against them is pointless Transfer news LIVE: Manchester United, Arsenal and Liverpool latest as Premier League clubs prepare for January UFC 205 LIVE Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez with stunning second round TKO to win title Arsenal and Mesut Ozil close to £200,000-a-week deal that will keep him long-term — as their best-paid player Will Liverpool be top at Christmas? How upcoming fixtures compare to Premier League title rivals Popular this week Conor McGregor UFC 205 Lewis Hamilton Jose Mourinho Trending Today Conor McGregor Eddie Alvarez Cristiano Ronaldo Lionel Messi Thomas MÃ¼ller Celebs Sections Latest Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb News Top Celebs She's back! Kim Kardashian releases pics from her family Halloween party dressed as a belly dancer Most Read in Celebs Who is Joel Dommett? All you need to know about the I'm A Celebrity 2016 contestant Watch Sainsbury's Christmas advert 2016 as James Corden makes surprise chart bid for festive Number 1 Who is Wayne Bridge? Everything you need to know about the I'm A Celebrity 2016 contestant Donald Trump's wife Melania naked shoot for GQ Magazine as girl-on-girl photos are exposed Trending Today Donald Trump James Corden Taylor Swift Ola Jordan Joel Dommett Popular this week Michael Buble Leonard Cohen Cheryl Fernandez-Versini Honey G TV & Film Weird News Trending US Election Clinton Trump Weather Remembrance Benefit cap Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Home News World news Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Your Account Edit Profile Logout Sickening footage shows 'thief swipe guy's wallet as he suffers fit' - but no one stops to help stricken man 12:03, 9 Nov 2016 Updated 12:04, 9 Nov 2016 By Rachel Bishop The recording shows the man falling to the ground, after seeming to have suffered a seizure, while onlookers just watch a man take his wallet   Share   Comments Get daily news by email A sickening social experiment appears to show a man having a seizure on the floor before a thief swoops in to take his wallet. As the horrifying scene unfolds no one steps in to help - and the 'thief' gets away. The footage, which was filmed at a Walmart in Philadelphia as part of a social experiment, shows the man falling to the ground after seeming to have suffered a seizure. A fellow shopper, who is understood to be an actor, then races over to the man and pats down his back pocket. He then grabs his wallet, before darting away as people stand around and stare. The footage, filmed at a Walmart in Philadelphia, was part of a social experiment One onlooker shouts "Yo, yo" at the thief, while another looks to be calling 911, but no one goes to stop him. People can be heard shouting at the end of the clip, but it is not clear what is being said. Read More Snake on a plane: Poisonous reptile sparks panic after dropping from overhead compartment during flight The video was uploaded to YouTube by Chris Mendez, alongside a number of other "Philly pranks" that show a similar situation playing out at different locations. It went viral this week after it was shared on LiveLeak, with people immediately commenting that it was a "set-up." The man falls to the ground after seeming to have suffered a seizure - then another man takes his wallet Describing the Walmart incident, Mendez wrote: "What happened afterwards [was] they screamed at us for playing around and we just left." Robert Ramsay wrote: "It is a portrayal of what could happen, shame we don't see it through to the end, and yes, people should be 1) more vigilant for each other and 2) more caring and at least take it seriously, no harm in caring. "It's the principle that matters.﻿" Read More Self-styled 'King of the Swingers' picks Birmingham mansion as location for his latest sex party But another YouTube user wrote: "Aren't pranks supposed to be funny? "I don't see how this is the least bit funny. "Let's steal from someone who is vulnerable because they have a neurological disorder....in a public place!! HAHA! "There are some really twisted people out there!" DailyMirror Comments Show more comments Recently Published Walmart Black Friday 2016: The US retail giant reveals deals we can expect during shopping bonanza Tech, home entertainment and games consoles will feature heavily in the US retail giants' Black Friday deals this year Woman who wants to breast feed her son until he's 8 shut down by doctor who says there's NO nutritional benefit Grim footage shows 'Mr Pimple' removing cyst from inside man's ear - using a bizarre tool Previous Articles Self-styled 'King of the Swingers' picks Birmingham mansion as location for his latest sex party Chris Reynolds Gordon claims he is 'inundated' with people wanting to join - including teachers and nurses Snake on a plane: Poisonous reptile sparks panic after dropping from overhead compartment during flight Related Tags Organisations YouTube Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Recommended in World news Donald Trump Donald Trump seeks top secret security clearance - for his children Giant rats Neighbours claim street overrun with rats the size of PUPPIES and one even ate through garden shed Crime Instagram 'Romeo and Juliet' live-stream shootout with police before 'killing themselves in horror double suicide' Animals Mutant cyclops goat born with one eye paraded in bizarre footage Ministry of Defence Britain's £6billion new aircraft carriers 'at risk' because of Tory government defence spending cuts Dangerous driving Drivers still risking lives by using mobile phones while driving - despite huge crackdown Brexit Labour warns Chancellor not to use Brexit as an excuse to make more cuts World War I Unseen Lawrence of Arabia letter expected to sell for huge amount almost 100 years after it was written Facebook Should you post pictures of your kids on Facebook? Two Mirror mums do battle Extradition Amber Rudd authorises extradition of Asperger's syndrome Brit accused of hacking US Army and FBI Most Read in News Donald Trump Trump and Putin vow to tackle ISIS together as they hold breakthrough talks after billionaire's election New Zealand earthquake New Zealand earthquake: Live updates as two more earthquakes hit South Island in aftermath of deadly quake Supermoon Supermoon 2016: Live updates as the most spectacular full moon in nearly 70 YEARS happens around the world Nudity Scandal as 'pornographic' photographs of racy young minister uncovered Donald Trump Here's why Donald Trump's first meeting with Barack Obama overran by an hour Recommended on the Mirror Prostate cancer Prostate cancer risk soars by a quarter if men drink just one or two beers January transfer window Transfer news LIVE: Manchester United, Arsenal and Liverpool latest as Premier League clubs prepare for January Donald Trump Donald Trump seeks top secret security clearance - for his children Giant rats Neighbours claim street overrun with rats the size of PUPPIES and one even ate through garden shed Wayne Rooney Wayne Rooney 'drunk at private wedding' after England players celebrate win over Scotland Beverley Knight BBC cut Beverley Knight's shock collapse from Children in Need tribute show to Sir Terry Wogan Luis Suarez Barcelona ace Luis Suarez shows super keeper skills yet again... but you won't believe what he does next Crime Instagram 'Romeo and Juliet' live-stream shootout with police before 'killing themselves in horror double suicide' Animals Mutant cyclops goat born with one eye paraded in bizarre footage Garth Garth - 15th November 2016 Like us on Facebook The Mirror   View: Desktop Mobile BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business Find a garage About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Archive Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror News UK News Politics World news Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Technology Play Bingo Casino Crosswords Competitions Dating Goal Time Poker UsVsTh3m Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Tennis Rugby League Rugby Union Cricket Golf Horse racing Other Sports Fantasy Football TV TV News TV Previews TV Reviews Celebs Celebrity News US gossip Fashion & Beauty TV & film news Weird celeb news Money City News Personal finance Jobs Quids In Loans Opinion News Opinion Sport Opinion 3am Opinion Lifestyle Opinion Lifestyle Health Horoscopes Psychic Staying in Going out Reader Offers Sex & Relationships Dieting Cartoons Family Gardening Travel Motoring © MGN Limited
News Last Word on an old rivalry, Nov. 9 Caption Virginia Gazette News Minute: Nov. 10 Around the country Tuesday, voters cast ballots and by 3 a.m., Donald Trump was announced as the United States next president. On Nov. 10, William and Mary's new musical, "The Addams Family" debuts.  Around the country Tuesday, voters cast ballots and by 3 a.m., Donald Trump was announced as the United States next president. On Nov. 10, William and Mary's new musical, "The Addams Family" debuts.  Caption Virginia Gazette News Minute: Nov. 8 The Williamsburg Harvest Celebration continued over the weekend with the Anvil Family Fish Jamboree; Mike Mullin, Monty Mason and Senator Mark Warner held a rally Monday morning. The Williamsburg Harvest Celebration continued over the weekend with the Anvil Family Fish Jamboree; Mike Mullin, Monty Mason and Senator Mark Warner held a rally Monday morning. Privacy Policy Old rivalry A couple of weeks ago, a football game was played between the University of Virginia and University of North Carolina and that game was touted as the oldest rivalry in the South. For years, many of us were led to believe that the University of Richmond and William and Mary football rivalry held that distinction. We've heard nothing from the Tribe. Come on, Tribe! Tell us what it is. Halloween fun Colonial Williamsburg needs to do new programing to pull in more visitors which I understand, but this year's Halloween was a little too much fantasyland for me. With tentacle eye balls peering out of the Capitol, horses with ghosts, spider webs and hand prints on them. The riders were very healthy skeletons and colored bands were on the horses' legs. The sea witches were great, as was Blackbeard in the back of the Raleigh Tavern. It just did not have the same feel as last year. Once again, the scary house in Indian Springs was really, really scary. Thanks to the owner who goes above and beyond putting on a fun show. It shows good, old fashioned fun on 10/31. Lafayette swamp Photos in Williamsburg submitted by readers. Upload your photos at community.vagazette.com, community.dailypress.com or community.tidewaterreview.com. I read in the Gazette about the Chickahominy and Queens Lake volunteers providing betterment to their communities. Why not have volunteers create a safe and secure pathway to use instead of the now un-allowed Lafayette pathway? Student council members, booster clubs, the Girl Scouts and Boy Scouts have leadership programs such as "Golden Award" or "Eagle Scout," or others to lead the way. Seek donations from businesses. Use solar lighting and solar motion active cameras for safety and security. By using volunteers, this may be a "shorter" path then waiting for the school board to fund the project. Free to you We have a slightly worn gold two-cushioned upholstered sofa to donate for free to anyone willing to pick it up. Please call 757-595-0891 for inquiries or arrangements. Job hunting I for one have a hard time with the so-called homeless begging for money at the end of highway ramps. If you're really looking for a job, the end of a highway ramp is not the place to get a job. While driving around Williamsburg, as well as other areas, I see many help wanted signs. The police should enforce the vagrancy laws and not allow begging in public. Well done, Bruton Big Ups to the Bruton football team. Although the season wasn't what you wanted, you stuck it out to the end. Through your actions and those of a dedicated coaching staff, you have learned a few valuable "life lessons." Superintendent search Saturday's news that the school's CEO search is to be confidential is appalling to me as the number one thing that families that they wanted in the school board and superintendent positions were transparency and open communication. I very much hope that this is not going to be a repetition of the horrible lack of communication and disrespect that of our former superintendent. Looking for … Does anyone know of a place to take old Christmas lights for recycling? Looking for a caring family to adopt two Rhodesian Ridgeback-Lab mix puppies. Six months old, neutered/spayed, all vaccinations up to date. Cannot keep them due to family illness. Please call 757-887-5010. Would prefer a retired family—retired couple who has time to spend with them. Leave a detailed message. Thank you. Does anyone know of a good carpenter who knows woodwork? Need help with some drawers to be readjusted in wood. Please call 757-345-1469. Thank you. I am looking for someone who does auto body work. Please call me when you can if you do auto body work. It's 757-206-7590. Thank you. Besides Harris Teeter, what other shops are opening at the Lightfoot Marketplace? Lost: A man's wedding band, braided gold ring. Reward offered. If found, please email maxieandme1@gmail.com. Thank you. Does anyone know when Dr. April Duminsky will return to Riverside Norge Internal Medicine? She is absolutely the best doctor I have ever had and she left last year but said she would be returning, hopefully within a year. If you have any information on when she'll be back practicing, please leave it in the Last Word. Thank you. Is anyone in the Williamsburg area using services other than COX for TV, internet or phone? If so, please comment. Thank you. Are any organizations selling Benson pre-sliced fruitcakes this holiday season? If so, where can they be purchased? To the person looking for someone to rake your leaves: I can be reached at staticroof64@gmail.com or 508-615-6819. Thank you. Some time ago, someone posted the name/contact information of a man who has a small engine/ lawn mower repair business and will come to your home. Could someone please provide that individual's name and contact information again? Can anyone recommend someone who has experience building a shed to comply with Ford's Colony Homeowners Association requirements? Yes, the name of the chef in the newspaper was Martha Bennett, and her service is called "Momo on the Go," and she can be reached at 757-897-6150. Does anyone have basket plates used to make paper plates sturdy? I've tried several places, including Target's, Wal-Mart, Michael's, World Market and Party City. I also went to grocery stores. I can only find plastic ones. Please call 220-3712. Thank you. I'm calling to look for someone who does body work on cars/paints cars. Please call me at 757-206-7590. Yes, this is Judith Roberts, 420 Burbank Street, Williamsburg, Virginia. I am looking for a microwave oven. My phone number is 757-645-3788. Thank you. In search of a professional gas fireplace craftsman to do routine tune-up; previous source no longer available. Anyone having knowledge of one, please post his/her name, phone no and/or email address. School names While Mathew Whaley School will always keep its name, I do wish that Miss Jeanne Etheridge, who was the principal there for years and a perfectly wonderful educator and person could be honored. It would be nice if some school could be named for her. It would be quite an honor to honor her memory. Thank you. Research help I want to know if anybody in Williamsburg or the Yorktown area had stem cell replacement done. I am doing a little research. If anybody can reply and suggest a doctor in Williamsburg or the Yorktown area, I'd be so happy. Just call the Last Word and leave your message. I'm interested in stem cell replacement. Thank you. Water spots I have water spots on several exterior windows. They appear to be spots from lime residue. Tried everything I can think of to clean those rascals—nothing will do it. Who in the community has some good suggestions and concoctions that I can put together to get rid of those things? Really would appreciate it! Thanks. Thank you Thank you, Darryl Cook of the James City County Capital Projects Division, for taking time to answer several questions for a James City County High School student's school project. Your kindness and willingness to help is very much appreciated by the student, teacher and requester. Thank you! Thanks to Colonial Williamsburg for finally installing the handicap exit and entrance door at the Dewitt Wallace Gallery. School supplies I am looking for an artificial ficus tree for my classroom. I plan to start an initiative called the "Compassion Tree." If you have one that is clean and in good condition that you are willing to donate, please call 564-0868. Thank you so much! Watching football Given what appears to be the pro-market position of most Gazette readers, I was surprised by the person criticizing William and Mary students for failing to attend the Maine game. Blaming the consumer for low interest in a product? Is it possible that students have better things to do with their time and money than consume a product whose health costs to its participants are only just coming to light—but not because they have not long been known—and which, despite folk-wisdom claims to the contrary, they are forced to subsidize with their fees? The TV ratings for the NFL are also down. Face it, football fans, your sport is terrible and your days are numbered. Health insurance Is there anybody in Williamsburg or James City County who deals with helping people getting into Obamacare? Thank you. I just read an article in the Last Word about Obamacare. You have got to be kidding me. My insurance has gone from $140 a month to $520 a month ever since he's taken office, and you think that's good? What is the percentage of that? I just don't understand—you people don't get it. A self-employed person in this world has no chance to survive. Our state budget officials now say we will need an additional $281 million to fund Medicaid, the state-and federal-funded health insurance program for the poor. This two-year figure is in addition to the $9.3 billion Virginia already budgeted for Medicaid for 2017 and 2018. Why is this cost so high in the billions? How many people in the state receive Medicaid? We learned the state uses Medicaid dollars to pay their Medicare premiums. Obamacare is responsible and Hillary is supporting this. It's apparent that the only people not complaining about Obamacare are those not affected by it. Those people are either government workers or teachers who get their health insurance paid for by our taxes. For the rest of us, either having to use Obamacare or paying higher premiums due to having to subsidize others, it's a nightmare. The Bard is back The Guild of the Virginia Shakespeare Festival has set up a committee of four to plan a Shakespeare production somewhere in Williamsburg in 2017. We are interested in soliciting support and ideas to keep Shakespeare alive in Williamsburg for future generations. Please take the time to share your ideas and suggestions, as well as ways you may want to share your experience, talent and expertise with the Guild of the Virginia Shakespeare Festival. Thanks for your support in helping keeping Shakespeare alive for future generations. Good day. Value kindness God wants all of us to be considerate with the people we like and the people we dislike. This is difficult to accomplish for some people because they were spoiled as a child. It is easy for a spoiled child to become a control freak. God loves all of us and God will help us to be kind and considerate with everyone. Cat problems I worked at a shelter for years and you have no idea how many cats and kittens had to be euthanized because of people like you who go and make the astronomically irresponsible uneducated mistake of allowing your cats to have litters of kittens and then releasing them. Gun violence "Gun violence" rolls off the tongue of newscasters everywhere, but once the perpetrators are sent to prison, why is it that they then make and use shivs? Could it be that the tool isn't the problem? Quiet course Just wondering—does anybody know why there's little or no activity at Williamsburg National Golf Course? There doesn't seem to be any golf carts, not too many people around. Just wondering what's happening over there. Thank you. Road worries I work at the produce stand at the intersection of Richmond Road and Airport Road, and it surprises me how many cars go across the tracks as the safety bar is coming down, way after the lights have started. Remember this saying: You may be able to beat the train; then again, you may be dead wrong. This past Sunday, I drove my one-year-old Prius from Route 60 to Route 199 on Quarterpath Road. No problems or traffic. In 1977, I used to drive it in my Chevy Malibu to get my three young children to sleep for naps. Back then, it was very possible. Never have seen any other cars at the worst part where it's unpaved. How do you identify four wheelers from Kingsmill? Copyright © 2016, The Virginia Gazette Stem Cell Research Medical Research Affordable Care Act Medicaid University of Virginia Boy Scouts of America University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Pictures: Williamsburg-area photos from readers Last Word Gazette News Video News Community Sports Life Obits Last Word eNewspaper Advertise 50°
Home News Featured News Columns Front-Page Flashback Out & About Garden Spot Outdoor Adventure Hand in Hand with Elayne Monday’s Warm Cocoa Clerk’s Corner Tech Guru Critter Chatter A Student’s View Museum Memories Matters of Faith Financial Focus Non-Active Columns The Hamilton Papers Movie Reviews Homefront Pioneer Prose In Good Health Blast from the Past The Chopping Block Children’s Justice Center From the Heart Over the Fence Editor’s Notebook Horse Whisperer Family Ties Obits Hometown Sports Sports Feature Articles From the Sidelines Sports Wrap Announcements Weddings Anniversaries Babies Birthdays Missionaries Military Bulletin Board Notes of Appreciation Honors, Awards & Graduations Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Send Letter to Editor Community News School News Special Sections Christmas Writing Photo Gallery Archive Events Subscribe Classifieds Browse Ads Search Ads Place Ad About Us Who We Are Our Staff Media Kit Request a Quote Contact Us Support Extras Tell Me a Story Our Picks Poetry Make One Great Dish Book Reviews Moments in Time Strange But True Short Stories Amazon Store Kindle Store Links Weather Tooele County Sheriff’s Deputy Jeff Nelson fits Keanue Dubiose for a bike helmet during the Shop with a Cop program last year. Local law enforcement agencies are now accepting donations for 2016. (No Ratings Yet) Loading... Steve Howe No comments yet Featured News 562 Views Related Lake Point “City” almost won Sponsors of county gov’t study anxious to get started Milne looking forward to serve another 4 years November 9, 2016 Law enforcement accepting donations for Shop with a Cop With only 45 days until Christmas, local law enforcement agencies are banding together for a holiday tradition in Tooele County — the Shop with a Cop program. The annual program provides toys, clothing and household necessities for local families in need, due to unemployment, financial hardship, family situation or other challenges. Donations are already being collected for Shop with a Cop so the total number of families able to receive aid can be determined, according to the Tooele City Police Department. A child from each family nominated for the program gets to spend the morning of Dec. 17 shopping with a local law enforcement officer at the Tooele Walmart Supercenter. Participating children are selected through a collaborative effort between the Tooele County Children’s Justice Center, Tooele County School District and local law enforcement agencies. Donations are being collected in person at local police agencies or mailed to the Tooele City Police Department at 323 N. Main Street, Tooele, Utah 84074. Checks can be made payable to “Shop with a Cop” and donations will be accepted through Dec. 14. There will also be Tip a Cop events during the first week of December, but the dates and times have not been finalized for those events, said Tooele City Police Cpl. Tanya Turnbow. During Tip a Cop, attendees visit local restaurants where local police work as server staff and all tips go toward the program. While Tooele City police are heading up the program this year, a number of local agencies are involved in fundraising, including the Tooele County Sheriff’s Office, Grantsville and Stockton police departments, Utah Highway Patrol, U.S. Bureau of Land Management, Utah Department of Natural Resources, and Utah Department of Corrections. The Shop with a Cop event on Dec. 17 starts early in the morning with breakfast with the officers at the Country Pride restaurant at the Travel America truck stop in Lake Point and an appearance by Santa Claus, who arrives by AirMed helicopter, according to Turnbow. A convoy of officers and children then head to Walmart, where the event takes over the store and holiday gifts for the whole family are purchased. The gifts are then wrapped by volunteers in anticipation of Christmas morning. A benefit of the program is the opportunity for families that may have had previous negative interactions with police to meet in a better setting, Turnbow said. “One of my favorite things about [Shop with a Cop] is it is a chance for kids to have a more positive interaction with police,” she said. About Latest Posts Steve Howe Latest posts by Steve Howe (see all) Lake Point “City” almost won - November 10, 2016 Several events set to honor area military veterans Friday - November 10, 2016 Stansbury Park Service Agency approves tentative 2017 budget - November 10, 2016 Share Post Tweet 0 Comments Recommended Lake Point “City” almost won Sponsors of county gov’t study anxious to get started Milne looking forward to serve another 4 years Several events set to honor area military veterans Friday Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Events Calendar Local Weather For more weather including 7 and 10 day forecasts click HERE. Menu Featured News Hometown Sports Columns Classifieds Obits Links Amazon Store Kindle Store Who We Are Contact Us Request a Quote Send Letter to Editor Help & Support Contact Us Toll Free: (866) 721-9992 Local: (435) 882-0050 Fax: (435) 882-6123 Email: tbp@tooeletranscript.com Hours of Operation Monday – Friday: 8:30 am - 5:30 pm Closed Sat. & Sun. Who We Are At the Tooele Transcript Bulletin, we provide up-to-date news and advertising for Tooele County, Utah. Founded in 1894, our twice-weekly newspaper has been serving readers and the community for nearly 120 years. In addition to the newspaper, we provide a broad range of print, digital and strategy services. Our parent company, Transcript Bulletin Publishing, has in-house graphic designers, photographers, writers, pressmen and technicians that create cool stuff, from print pieces and websites, to signs and graphics. Want your business or organization to be seen in a fresh and exciting way — without busting your budget? We can help. Visit our website at www.tbpublishing.com ArticlesArticles Select Category A Student’s View Anniversaries Babies Birthdays Blast from the Past Book Reviews Breaking News Bulletin Board Children’s Justice Center Christmas Writing Clerk’s Corner Community News Critter Chatter Editor’s Notebook Editorials Family Ties Featured News Financial Focus From the Heart From the Sidelines Front-Page Flashback Garden Spot Hand in Hand with Elayne Homefront Hometown Honors, Awards & Graduations Horse Whisperer In Good Health Letters to the Editor Make One Great Dish Matters of Faith MIlitary Missionaries Moments in Time Monday’s Warm Cocoa Movie Reviews Museum Memories Notes of Appreciation Obits Op-Eds Our Picks Out & About Outdoor Adventure Over the Fence Photo Gallery Photos of the Month Pioneer Prose Poetry School News Short Stories Sports Sports Wrap Strange But True Tech Guru Tell Me a Story The Chopping Block The Hamilton Papers Uncategorized Weddings Archives Archives Select Month November 2016  (105) October 2016  (235) September 2016  (247) August 2016  (257) July 2016  (230) June 2016  (256) May 2016  (247) April 2016  (228) March 2016  (270) February 2016  (222) January 2016  (214) December 2015  (250) November 2015  (207) October 2015  (259) September 2015  (251) August 2015  (259) July 2015  (260) June 2015  (257) May 2015  (240) April 2015  (268) March 2015  (276) February 2015  (229) January 2015  (241) December 2014  (304) November 2014  (241) October 2014  (289) September 2014  (294) August 2014  (252) July 2014  (316) June 2014  (282) May 2014  (292) April 2014  (292) March 2014  (272) February 2014  (259) January 2014  (272) December 2013  (258) November 2013  (253) October 2013  (323) September 2013  (246) August 2013  (298) July 2013  (293) June 2013  (265) May 2013  (316) April 2013  (318) March 2013  (287) February 2013  (259) January 2013  (306) December 2012  (285) November 2012  (276) October 2012  (294) September 2012  (89) August 2012  (37) July 2012  (37) June 2012  (18) May 2012  (19) April 2012  (246) March 2012  (300) February 2012  (250) January 2012  (13) December 2011  (29) November 2011  (15) October 2011  (9) September 2011  (11) August 2011  (13) July 2011  (9) June 2011  (17) May 2011  (12) April 2011  (8) March 2011  (11) February 2011  (12) January 2011  (13) December 2010  (9) November 2010  (10) October 2010  (12) September 2010  (11) August 2010  (12) July 2010  (9) June 2010  (10) May 2010  (9) April 2010  (9) March 2010  (6) February 2010  (4) January 2010  (6) December 2009  (9) November 2009  (6) October 2009  (8) September 2009  (71) August 2009  (7) July 2009  (8) June 2009  (3) May 2009  (6) April 2009  (1) March 2009  (2) February 2009  (2) January 2009  (3) December 2008  (4) November 2008  (4) October 2008  (7) September 2008  (3) August 2008  (4) July 2008  (6) June 2008  (4) May 2008  (4) April 2008  (7) March 2008  (5) February 2008  (5) January 2008  (4) December 2007  (5) November 2007  (4) October 2007  (2) September 2007  (6) August 2007  (1) May 2005  (276) April 2005  (310) March 2005  (323) February 2005  (101) Designed, constructed and managed by Transcript Bulletin Publishing, Tooele, UT ©
Articles Comments QR Code Press Mobile Commerce – Technology News – QRCode Home Press Release Mobile Commerce Headlines QR Code Press » Featured News, Mobile Apps, Mobile Payments » Peer to peer mobile payments starting to make US smartphone transactions relevant Peer to peer mobile payments starting to make US smartphone transactions relevant November 9th, 2016 | Add a Comment 0000000 Though the majority of consumers have yet to start paying for products with devices, they are showing interest. Recent figures show that peer to peer mobile payments are starting to give smartphone transactions a boost in the US. That category of mobile wallet use is seeing the most rapid growth by far. In store mobile payments to purchase goods and services are still seeing notably slower growth. Peer to peer mobile payments has remained the category of transactions consumers in the US are most likely to use on their devices. Even though it’s true that the use of Android Pay, Apple Pay, Samsung Pay and other mobile wallets have been seeing double digit growth, it is far from mainstream. In fact, forecasts still show that branded payment apps still won’t be reaching mass adoption within the next several years. That figure includes mobile wallets such as Walmart Pay, CVS Pay and even the Starbucks app which is typically used as an example of one of the most successful implementations of mobile payments. Peer to peer mobile payments appear to be overcoming some of the barriers that other types of transaction aren’t. According to eMarketer statistics, there will be 38.4 million Americans aged 14 years and older who will use in store mobile payments at least once in six months. Of all American smartphone users, that figure represents only 19.4 percent – just under 1 in 5 device users. By 2020, that number will rise to 33.1 percent – 1 in 3 device mobile users. Compared to many other markets, that is an exceptionally slow rate of growth. That said, Bryan Yeager, an eMarketer analyst, said “There are several reasons why US consumers aren’t yet making proximity payments en masse.” Yeager pointed out that mobile security concerns are still a top barrier to adoption. He also explained that there is “a patchwork of merchant acceptance, and a lack of perceived value in replacing the use of cash or card with the tap or scan of a smartphone.” That said, eMarketer’s prediction, says Yeager, is that growth will move beyond peer to peer mobile payments over the next few years as each of those barriers are addressed. Related Posts Mobile payments will make up only 1 percent of US transactions by 2019 Mobile wallet adoption may not be mainstream for years IDC mobile payments data shows one in three American consumers use these transactions Mobile payments security continues to be a major issue Mobile payments could grow tremendously among underbanked Americans Mobile payments will be 3 times bigger next year Written by Sam Lambert Filed under: Featured News, Mobile Apps, Mobile Payments · Tags: american mobile payments, eMarketer, mobile payment trends, mobile payments, mobile transactions, mobile wallet trends, mobile wallets, Peer to peer mobile payments, smartphone payments, us mobile payments PLEASE, NO SPAM... Leave a Reply Cancel reply Name * Email * (will not be published) Website Get It – Hot Mobile Trends Newsletter! sending... Name E-mail Check us out on Facebook… Facebook Categories Augmented Reality Commercial Entertainment Industry Fashion/Art Featured News Gadgets Health Care Industry International Marketing Mobile Apps Mobile Commerce Mobile Commerce Security Mobile Marketing Mobile Payments Near Field Communications QR Codes Social Media Marketing Sports Tablet Commerce Technology News Travel Trends United States Pages About Us Authors Augmented Reality Contact Us Mobile Commerce Mobile Marketing Mobile Payments Mobile Security NFC Technology Press Release Social Media Marketing Tablet Commerce What is a QR Code Yop Poll Archive About QR Code Press and MCommerce Press Scan for our Facebook page We highlight the latest in the world of Mobile Commerce news so you can keep updated with the coolest technology available! Join us and explore the changes in how the world does business with new technology like Near Field Communications that enable mobile payments, Augmented Reality Apps, QR Code marketing techniques and Social Media marketing tactics. Learn from others how you can take your mobile marketing campaign to the next level by implementing successful mobile strategies. Enjoy and thanks for stopping by! © 2016 QR Code Press QRCodePress.com Win a Mogix Portable Battery Charger for your Phone & Tablet*!    -In our Monthly Giveaway- Subscribe to our email newsletter and automatically be entered to win… Sign-up and Enter. * indicates required field Name:* Email:* *Restrictions apply. See offer for details. ×

Advertising BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The 10 things in advertising you need to know today Hannah Roberts Nov. 9, 2016, 3:40 AM 1,308 facebook linkedin twitter email print Royal Jordanian airlines advertised tickets to the US ahead of election day. Royal Jordania Airlines Good morning. Here's everything you need to know in the world of advertising today. 1. Facebook CTO Mike Schroepfer opened up about CEO Mark Zuckerberg's 10-year plan announced in April. Schroepfer opened up about how the company's 10-year plan is causing the company to shift gears — from building web and mobile apps, to expanding its horizons to hardware and other "stuff that'll be riskier over a long time horizon." 2. Royal Jordanian airlines advertised tickets to the US "while you're still allowed to" in the event Donald Trump becomes President. The airline put out the ad encouraging potential passengers to buy tickets: "Just in case he wins." 3. Walmart was sued on behalf of consumers for selling fake Egyptian cotton sheets, Reuters reported. The retail giant questioned the fiber content of the sheets — supplied by an Indian textiles company — as early as 2008 but waited until two months ago to halt sales, according to a complaint. 4. Apple is now selling refurbished iPhones for the first time. The company is offering a variety of refurbished iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus models for about 15% off. 5. Facebook guesses your political leaning to help advertisers target their ads to you. The social network uses pages and stories you like and people you interact with to guess. 6. Snapchat's latest update shows it wants to be a leader in augmented reality. The company laid the groundwork for its next big push into AR in an update to its app which adds special filters for the phone's rear camera. 7. Publicis Groupe CEO Maurice Levy said he believes Brexit will be a "nightmare" of uncertainty for Britain. The ad agency holding company chief was speaking at Web Summit in Lisbon and said: "A lot of our clients ask if they should move their corporate headquarters to continental Europe." 8. Ad tech company Altitude Digital has replaced its CEO and founder Jeremy Ostermiller as it shifts from being an ad network to focus on tech. Ostermiller stepped down in October and was replaced by Joe Grover, who has served as the company's chief marketing officer for the past three years. 9. Out of about 1 billion election tweets since the primary debates began, the most retweeted tweet of the entire election was from Hillary Clinton's account. The tweet read: "Delete your account," and followed with a link to Donald Trump's Twitter account. 10. More than 140 tech leaders signed an open letter against Donald Trump, calling him a "danger to innovation." Yet many have found themselves shocked to have not anticipated the likelihood of Trump becoming president. NOW WATCH: The ‘Apple of China’ just unveiled a phone that’s more powerful and better looking than the iPhone Loading video... Follow Advertising: The Brief and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Advertising: The Brief and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: The Brief facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The 10 things in advertising you need to know today The 10 things in advertising you need to know today Good morning. Here's everything you need to... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Advertising Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Advertising Select Advertising: The Brief More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Monday, November 14, 2016, 7:06 p.m. Home / Business / Holiday's shopping hours get revisions By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO THE ASSOCIATED PRESS This article was published November 9, 2016 at 2:29 a.m. PHOTO BY AP / BEBETO MATTHEWS Shoppers are out in force near Macy’s in Herald Square in New York in this file photo. Many of the nation’s big retailers such as Toys R Us, J.C. Penney and Macy’s will continue this year to open on Thanksgiving Day. Comments aAFont Size NEW YORK -- Thanksgiving Day shopping -- a delight to some, an anathema to others -- isn't going away, but some stores are rethinking their strategies on whether it makes sense to be open on the holiday itself. Many of the nation's major mall operators and the big retailers that anchor them, such as Toys R Us, J.C. Penney, and Macy's, are sticking with what they want to be a new tradition, kicking off the Christmas shopping season on Thanksgiving Day. Others, including the Mall of America in Minnesota, the nation's largest shopping mall, are closing for Thanksgiving this year after being open for the past several years. Some retailers that are closing cite respect for the holiday, but in truth the cost of being open may be more than the return. "Once you let the genie out of the bottle, it's hard," said Stephen Lebovitz, president and chief executive office of CBL & Associates Properties, a mall operator that is closing 72 of its malls for the day. "More retailers are coming to their senses and realizing it is a family holiday and, from a business point of view, it's not making much business sense." Store openings on Thanksgiving started in earnest in 2011 and took a punch out of sales on Black Friday, which usually had marked the start of Christmas shopping. Many places such as Macy's, Target and J.C. Penney have been opening earlier and earlier on Thanksgiving as they try to outdo others to get first dibs on customers who could easily buy online. But the move has been controversial, as many workers have complained that stores are putting profits over workers' time to be with their families. Some 89 of the 145 properties that CBL of Chattanooga, Tenn., owns or has interest in opened at 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving last year. While dozens of those will be closed this year, the department stores, movie theaters, restaurants and retailers with exterior entrances have the option to open on Thanksgiving. Other retailers including Office Depot and consumer electronics chain hhgregg Inc. plan to be closed after being open for the past several years. Plenty of retailers, particularly high-end stores such as Nordstrom or those like T.J. Maxx that offer discounts every day, never opened on Thanksgiving and have collected goodwill because of that. In reality, analysts say, it's all about stealing share in a market that isn't growing that much. For department stores, the competition is fierce. Last year, J.C. Penney opened at 3 p.m. for the first time, three hours earlier than its rivals Kohl's and Macy's. That may have hurt Macy's, which had a weak Christmas season and aims to reverse a sales slump. This year, Macy's decided to open an hour earlier at 5 p.m. on Thanksgiving. Penney is sticking to 3 p.m., while Kohl's will be opening again at 6 p.m. Most Sears stores will be open on Thanksgiving for the fourth year in a row, starting at 6 p.m. -- the same as a year ago. Best Buy, the nation's largest consumer electronics chain, suffered over Thanksgiving weekend in 2012 because it didn't open until midnight, while stores such as Wal-Mart and Target began their sales earlier in the evening. Wal-Mart, Target and Best Buy have not announced their plans for this Thanksgiving weekend. But all indications are they'll start the doorbuster sales on the holiday. For many big retailers, payroll expenses for a few hours on Thanksgiving are not that costly, said Joel Bines, a managing director at retail consulting group AlixPartners. But for small stores or those with specialized merchandise, it may make more sense to close. AlixPartners also found that some retailers who did open on Thanksgiving simply were offering Friday sales a day earlier and their profit margins took a hit. Bob Riesbeck, president and chief executive of hhgregg, said business on Thanksgiving actually declined over the previous two years when it opened at 4 p.m. CBL's Lebovitz said that when he surveyed stores in the company's malls this year before deciding to close, the reaction was "overwhelmingly positive," particularly with the specialty stores. The big anchors plan to stay open. Last year, the reaction was different. Most of the specialty stores wanted to be open. "They didn't have enough data" to make the decision," he said. Andy Mantis, executive vice president of NPD Group Checkout Tracking, said stores should open on both Thanksgiving and Black Friday to maximize their sales. The company, which analyzes receipt data to understand consumer behavior, found that the share of buyers who shopped on both days declined, while the number who shopped only on Thanksgiving Day or on Black Friday increased. Mantis believes specialty retailers, especially those near big stores like Macy's that are open, should think again about whether to stay closed. "It is a heavy promotion time," Mantis said. "People are buying, and they're not always willing to go to multiple stores." Business on 11/09/2016 Print Headline: Holiday's shopping hours get revisions Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Valeant cuts forecast after $1.2B loss Bankers: Retail is all about returns CVS 3Q revenue shy of forecast Nissan cuts U.S. sales outlook by 60,000 Holiday's shopping hours get revisions After 5 years, Carnival line setting sail aga... Senator: Agency knew of EpiPen overpricing Investors gauge vote, buy stocks Business news in brief More Business stories > Comments on: Holiday's shopping hours get revisions To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 2 more armed robberies in Hillcrest, Heights neighborhoods reported, police say (23 comments) Little Rock man says girlfriend threatened him with knife, gun, stole phone (1 comment) Police: Woman, child lived with tigers, 'vicious' monkeys (1 comment) Sheriff's office: Fight over Arkansas man's porn viewing 'escalated quickly'; 1 arrested (2 comments) Torres found guilty of capital murder in death of 6-year-old son (12 comments) Retirement's in the weeds for ex-Arkansas Realtor (5 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2016, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2016, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
14 November 2016 News World What’s New Media Releases Events Shop Advertise SUBSCRIBE Dick Smith blames “extreme capitalism” for Woolworths reneging on SPC Ardmona deal Posted by Ian Grinblat on 9th November 2016 Well-known Australian entrepreneur, Dick Smith, does not blame Woolworths for its decision to abandon its contract with SPC Ardmona (SPC) to seek another source for its own brand of canned tomatoes. He made the comment in an interview published on SmartCompany. Smith repeated earlier comments that our society has reached a stage of extreme capitalism which will see Aldi and other international giants like Lidl and Walmart dominate the Australian food market. He believes that Dick Smith Foods, the company he established to support Australian farmers and workers, will eventually be sold as it becomes increasingly difficult to source food products within Australia due to high labour costs. He warned that unless Coles and Woolworths abandon their “full service” model in favour of Aldi’s “deep discounter” model, they will be unable to compete. Aldi offers restricted choice and sources its products worldwide to sell them under its own labels at the lowest prices. The Aldi model will require the two local giants to cut the number of their lines dramatically and sack large numbers of staff to lower their overheads. Aldi has a further advantage – as a privately-owned company it has none of the expenses of listing. According to Smith, food has never been so cheap in Australia and the quantities purchased are increasing. He thinks this may be linked to the growing problem of obesity. Smith believes that the end point of extreme capitalism will be a bleak place in which approximately half of the population will be unemployed.     Share Aldi closes online liquor store Aldi will be closing its online liquor shop for Australian shoppers citing that it wants to concentr... Queensland Gov seeking submissions for manufacturing roadmap Food and beverage manufacturers have been invited to participate in a 10-year State Government roadm... Chocolate investigation of Easter bunnies and bilbies, AFN survey Easter is now just around the corner. For readers still looking to purchase chocolate and confection... CCA secures multi-million dollar Monster distribution Coca-Cola Amatil (CCA) has secured a 20 year multi-million dollar distribution contract for Monster ... Warrnambool Cheese and Butter launches new "Coon" cheese campaign Warrnambool Cheese and Butter (WCB) is promoting its Coon cheese brand with a new, large-scale marke... The digital future of food and nutrition With more than 80% of Australians owning a smartphone, there is no doubt that mobile and digital tec... PM Turnbull shuffles ministers, but Small Business demoted After a close election win, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has appointed his new ministry. Freshmax secures stonefruit exclusive rights deal with Provedo Australian fresh produce marketer, Freshmax, has signed an exclusive stonefruit rights deal with lea... MORE NEWS Woolworths unveils ‘store renewal model’ at Sydney’s Warringah Mall ACCC accepts court undertakings from Aldi and Menora on oregano Woolworths and SPC agree on new 3 year deal FOOD IMPORTS AND EXPORTS SYMPOSIUM COMING UP Aldi to sell Australian products in China Australian Food News 2016 Design & Development by Sentius
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  Asia shares mixed, ASX down 0.7%, Nikkei slips 0.2%, Kospi up 0.1% × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Mad Money Video Full Shows Jim Cramer About Mad Money Disclaimer Cramer picks the best retailers coming out of the election Abigail Stevenson | @A_StevensonCNBC Tuesday, 8 Nov 2016 | 7:34 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES It's that time again! Jim Cramer rang the lightning round bell, which means he gave his take on caller favorite stocks at rapid speed: Ollie's Bargain Outlet: "This has been the best retailer out there ... You've got a winner!" Kite Pharma: "You're going pure speculative. You get a big sweep and you get the House and the Senate going with Hillary, and then it's a no-go. You've got to be careful there." Wal-Mart: "Doug McMillon [CEO] has made a major change there. This stock has held up better than most. I think it one of the retailers to own coming out of the election." Six Flags Entertainment: "We like SIX. Now, I am a little bit bigger fan — just so you know, sticking with that same regime — of Cedar Fair, symbol FUN, because it yields 5.7 percent." Ambarella: "Ambarella is a little too speculative for me. We are going to stay away. Why don't you think about something a little bit more like Avago, now Broadcom." FedEx: "You hold on to it. A 52-week high in this environment is saying something. We get a little bit of a pullback, and I want you to double up on it." Gilead Sciences: "At this point yes, I want you to hold it because I've got a feeling that they are going to make some sort of a deal, or boost the dividend or do something that is going to make it so they bring out value. I can't count on selling Gilead down here ... I care where a stock is going, not where it's coming from. I think you're OK." Cypress Semiconductor: "There are so many semiconductor companies that are getting bids here, that I would have to tell you that you would be nuts to sell Cypress. But so far, it's a bridesmaid not a bride." US Foods: "Listen to me, that's a tarheel. You want a wolf pack you've got to go with Sysco, SYY, with a dynamite quarter." Rowan Companies: "No, deep water is a no-go. I'll take Halliburton, I'll take Baker Hughes, I'll take Schlumberger. But no deep water." Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Abigail StevensonDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change OLLI --- USFD --- WMT --- AMBA --- GILD --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Cramer's New Book
Top Menu VCCircle  | VCCEdge  | Bizcircle  | Events  | Training About Us Contact Get Daily Email Update Show navigation Hide navigation Home Internet Mobile Enterprise Gadgets Startups Money Listings: SaaS 10 Angels 15 2014 2013 2011 Fastrack 20 Digirati 25 Home > Internet > Companies can’t have long-term life without digital roadmap: Ram Charan Companies can’t have long-term life without digital roadmap: Ram Charan November 9, 2016  | Priya Prasad Tweet | 0 Comments Ram Charan Every company that has a vision needs to be digitised because there is no long-term life without a digital roadmap, says renowned coach, speaker and author Ram Charan. And, for being relevant in the digital age, more investments are needed in technologies than focus on cheaper costs. In an exclusive conversation with Techcircle, Charan says while it is imperative for businesses to digitise, the reality is that companies are constrained in their efforts to create a digital infrastructure because they still operate with legacy IT systems. When it comes to startups, Charan says there will be more of them and India will prosper when startups and legacy businesses are linked together. Edited excerpts: How are Indian businesses adapting to digitisation? Can you provide any examples?  There are a few things every business has to realise and that is every company of any substance has to be digitised. No digitisation, no long-term life. Second, any decision that can be digitised has to be digitised. All said and done, it’s a factor of three things: one, consumer end-to-end experience; second is finding the right ecosystem or business partners; and third is designing the right platform and executing it. This is the context in which you evaluate the appropriateness of the companies. In most countries, this is at a very early stage. We have to see which companies are trying to do that. Most companies are doing piecemeal without having the overall sketch. A number of companies are simply substituting the old process with a digital process without having the overall sketch. And many companies are really constrained because their IT systems are legacy systems and the new system requires one to go on the cloud and therefore they are constrained. So these are the factors people have to think through. In the American scene, you see the movement. One you see in the auto industry. You see in Germany with BMW, clear movement. There are some parts suppliers that are doing that. There have been some in retailing like the Walmart coming up and they made a big change to buy a company called Jet.com and made the chief executive of that company, the chief executive of the whole of Walmart effort. So you have to bring the right people going forward. Now when it comes to startups, they can be divided into two arbitrary categories. One is the startup has an idea and they really want to build their business long-term. Uber was at one point a startup, Airbnb was a startup, WhatsApp was a startup. Some sold, some are building a long-term business. So you look at each startup and say what is their vision, what is their motivation, what is their intent. But for existing companies, they must decide those three factors and search for people who will design that platform. Often it may be useful to have a startup company as a partner. Most startup companies will want an equity share. They need a scaling up and the existing companies need the platform. Find a mix of the two. India has become a major startup destination with a lot of tech play. What differentiation do these companies bring to Indian businesses? The key point here is that we have a ton of talent. Bengaluru, IITs, even people from Chandigarh….tons of talent. And many of them want to start their own business for good reasons. So the prosperity of India is going to come in how the startup and legacy businesses link together. In America, in the Silicon Valley, there are intermediate firms where the startups people go and if they made sense to these intermediate firms, they are able to connect with the big guys within minutes. We got to build that mechanism. Do you see any difference in the way Indian startups are run versus their American counterparts? Well, people need to see who are the people in Silicon Valley. They’re Indians. So there’s no nationality issue. This thing flows across borders. Some of the best capitalists and intermediaries and venture capitalists and leaders of the startups are Indians. Would you consider coaching startup founders? I have now. I do them. Oh yeah! Because I think I’m able to help them. What difference do you see among startup founders now compared to a decade ago? I think there is going to be more and more startups. The technology is available, people have experience in Google, Amazon, Facebook, Microsoft and IBM and many others and there is an honest to goodness urge to start their own business. Why not? So I see more coming. How do you see the outcome of the US Presidential election affecting Indian business? There’s a good news that the Washington policy to link India in many ways, one of them, Washington has decided to have India produce defence products. That’s a very big relationship. So that will continue. Like this interview? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our top reports. Tags: Airbnb, Amazon, Facebook, Google, IBM, Microsoft, Ram Charan, Silicon Valley, Uber, Walmart, Washington policy, WhatsApp Leave a comment Name - required Email - required, never published Website Comment RECOMMENDED FOR YOU × Content discovery app Flicksup shortlisted for Facebook’s FbStart programme Facebook launches Messenger Chat Rooms in select markets Facebook launches Flash in third attempt to quash Snapchat More in videos » Can Indian businesses carve a digital roadmap for themselves?   RECENT COMMENTS POPULAR POSTS R Khandelwal on 2016-11-14 19:09:13 Interesting articles to read. Thanks!... Satender on 2016-11-14 13:32:31 Nice article! Kudos to these startups solving these issues in a sustainable mann... Dr.Anil Batta on 2016-11-13 07:22:02 All the best Mr.Punit Soni.My best wishes are always with you.... Kala on 2016-11-11 12:43:54 This is a decade old tech. Grow up...... Shanu soni on 2016-11-09 23:31:33 Congratulations beta ji God bless u great success whatever u desire... eBay fires product, tech team in India Punit Soni floats machine learning startup ‘Learning Motors’ Snapdeal reorganises top management structure Exclusive: O2O startup Shopsity shuts down; founder joins Paytm Snapdeal, Ola valuation knocked down again by SoftBank Tweets about "#techcircle.in" Categories Internet Mobile Enterprise Gadgets Startups Money Specials Fastrack 20 Digirati 25 SaaS 10 Angels 15 About About Us Press Releases Advertise Contact Follow Us Linkedin RSS Feed Facebook Twitter News Corp Companies Proptiger Bigdecisions.com Makaan.com WSJ MarketWatch Mansion Global Realtor © 2016 Techcircle.in. Property of Mosaic Media Ventures Pvt Ltd. A company
null
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Rentals Find & Save el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Elections 2016 November 8, 2016 10:57 PM Diaz de la Portilla and Bullard defeated in state Senate upsets Jose Javier Rodriguez speaks to reporters outside Ball and Chain on Calle Ocho after winning the District 37 state Senate seat, Tuesday, November 8, 2016. Jenny Staletovich jstaletovich@miamiherald.com Dwight Bullard Miami Herald file photo Frank Artiles Miami Herald file photo Rep. Frank Artiles, R-Miami is congratulated by Rep. Alan Williams, D-Tallahassee, after Artiles’ bill to repeal red light cameras passed the Florida House during the 2016 session. SCOTT KEELER TAMPA BAY TIMES Sen. Anitere Flores, R-Miami, left, confers with Sen. Oscar Braynon, D-Miami Gardens, during session, Thursday, March 10, 2016, in Tallahassee. Steve Cannon AP State Rep. Jose Javier Rodriguez speaks during a press conference in support Amendment 4 at Miami City Hall, Wednesday, August 17, 2016. David Santiago dsantiago@elnuevoherald.com State Sen. Miguel Diaz de la Portilla, left, talks with Francisco Gonzalez on Monday, Oct. 24, 2016 during early voting at the Coral Gables Library. Roberto Koltun rkoltun@elnuevoherald.com 1 of 7 i By Mary Ellen Klas, Jacqueline Charles and Jenny Staletovich meklas@miamiherald.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story The twin forces of redistricting and a surge of enthusiastic new voters worked Tuesday to defeat two of Miami-Dade’s incumbent state senators in three of the most bitterly contested and expensive state Senate races in the state. Sen. Miguel Diaz de la Portilla, R-Coral Gables, was defeated by Rep. Jose Javier Rodriquez, D-Miami, in the race for District 37, and Sen. Dwight Bullard, D-Cutler Ridge, lost to Rep. Frank Artiles, R-Miami, in District 40. The loss of two members of Miami-Dade’s political dynasties will also work to reshape the state Senate, where Republicans will hold a 25-15 majority, having picked up a net of only one seat after a court-ordered redistricting map reshaped the districts and forced all 40 members of the state Senate onto the ballot. In the third heavily contested Miami-Dade race, Sen. Anitere Flores, R-Kendall, held on for a final term in District 39, reshaped to be less Democratic after a court-ordered redistricting. Flores defeated Democratic challenger Debbie Mucarsel-Powell, raising more than any other legislative candidate in the state — $1.3 million. Flores lives in District 40 but agreed to move to avoid a contest with Bullard and only recently has bought a new home. In the fourth Senate seat, Hialeah Republican Sen. Rene Garcia easily defeated challenger Anabella Grohoski Peralta to be reelected to the District 36 seat. And in District 38, the winner of the safe Democratic seat in Northeast Miami-Dade was state Rep. Daphne Campbell, who fended off a challenge from former state Rep. Phillip Brutus, who ran with no party affiliation. 　 The defeats, however, were particularly stinging for Bullard, chairman of the Miami-Dade Democratic Party, and Diaz de la Portilla, a former county commissioner whose brother Alex Diaz de la Portilla served in the state Senate for eight years. Diaz de la Portilla raised more than $937,000 for his election effort, nearly four times what Rodriguez raised, and his race was a top priority for Senate Republican leaders. The Florida Republican Senatorial Campaign Committee had targeted his race and that of Flores, steering more than $650,000 to protect both incumbents. Rodriguez won by fewer than 6,000 votes with all but two precincts reporting, a slim victory but a big defeat over one of Miami’s longtime politicians and part of a Cuban-American political dynasty. While he tried to recast himself as a moderate during the election, Diaz de la Portilla’s reputation as a leading lobbyist at county hall may have hurt him. In 2012, New Times named him best lobbyist, with clients that included Lennar Homes, Walmart and TD Bank. Rodriguez credited the win to a hard-fought grassroots campaign that included knocking on 159,000 doors. “Previous races lasted a year and a half. This was eight months in a district three times as big in half the time,” he said. Rodriguez also says voters validated his efforts to take on special interest groups and entrenched issues, including advocating for solar power. During his campaign, he promised education reform and measures to deal with sea level rise powered by climate change. “Service, it’s not just what you’re supposed to do,” he said. “It turns out it’s good politics and tonight proves it.” Sen. Joe Negron, R-Stuart, the incoming Senate president, blamed Diaz de la Portilla’s defeat on the unpopularity of Donald Trump and surge of voters in that district. “Donald Trump helped in most parts of the state, but his poor showing in Miami-Dade County hurt Sen. Diaz de la Portilla,” Negron said in an interview. “It really is a compliment that the race was as close as it is.” Bullard’s defeat also marks the end of a era. Since 1992, he and his parents have represented the district that has included Hendry and Monroe counties and parts of Collier and Miami-Dade counties in the state House or Senate. In 2012, Dwight Bullard, a high school teacher, replaced his mother, the late Larcenia Bullard, in the state Senate, after her tenure ended because of term limits. She had served eight years in the House, where she was replaced by her husband, former state Rep. Edward Bullard, who served for eight years, and he was replaced by their son, Dwight. But when the Senate maps were ordered redrawn by the court, Bullard’s new district included his Richmond Heights home but left out large chunks of other communities his family had long served, including Homestead, Naranja and Florida City. “We’ve come a long way,” Edward Bullard said Tuesday as they awaited the final returns to come in. “When you’ve done the best you can, you can still stand.” He said the campaign was outspent and the race was tight. “We gave it our best and we say, ‘Let the chips fall where they may.’ We didn’t goof off, we worked hard and as they say, ‘All good things come to an end,’ ” he said. Artiles, a boisterous veteran of the Marine Corps, acknowledged that the new district gave him an advantage, with the voting population more than 75 percent Hispanic. “I’m humbled and I’m proud,” Artiles said. “We walked over 105,000 houses in the race. We worked harder and we worked smarter.” He also seized on a controversial tour guide Bullard had on a trip he made to Israel and the West Bank, hosted by a civil rights group connected to the Black Lives Matter movement. The tour guide was affiliated with the anti-Israel BDS movement, a pro-Palestinian group with ties to the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine. Bullard said he was unaware of the connection when he traveled in May and criticized Artiles for distorting the facts. But Artiles and his political committee exploited the connection in campaign ads. Christopher Norwood, a local campaign strategist, said he didn’t blame Artiles for the “terrorist” attack but blamed the outside campaign consultants who didn’t live in the district. “We lost the best champion for progressive issues in the Florida Senate because a segment of this community bought into an idea that somehow he’s a terrorist,” Norwood said as R&B music played in the background at the Super Wheels Skating Center in the Kendall where the campaign held its watch party. Edward Bullard acknowledged that it may be the end of an era for his family. “In the Florida House there was always a Bullard on the floor or the board,” he said. “It’s been a very good ride.” With eight precincts left to report, Norwood called the race. Father and son stood off to the side. Edward Bullard kept repeating, “We had a good run.” Dwight Bullard replied, “That’s life.” Mary Ellen Klas can be reached at meklas@MiamiHerald.com. Follow her on Twitter @MaryEllenKlas Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Elections 2016 Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:32 Trump names Priebus chief of staff, other top advisors await appointments Pause 2:54 Melania Trump delivers speech at Republican National Convention 19:39 Donald Trump’s full election night victory speech 1:33 Sights, sounds and tears from Clinton's election night event 2:22 Pence: The American people have elected their new champion 2:07 Hillary campaign director: She is not done yet 19:39 Donald Trump’s full election night victory speech 1:36 Trump thanks Clinton for her public service and a hard-fought campaign 1:40 Hillary Clinton campaigns during a downpour in Pembroke Pines Saturday 1:53 Marco Rubio votes early in West Miami Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 days ago Trump, Obama meet for first time at White House 2:57 4 days ago Trump, Obama meet for first time at White House 1:43 5 days ago Election Day by the numbers 1:11 5 days ago Miami women's group protests Trump's election View more video Stay Connected Follow Us Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again. Oops, you didn't provide a valid email address. Please double-check the email field and submit again. Oops, you haven't provided a valid captcha. Please enter the captcha and submit again. Sign up for email newsletters 5-Minute Herald (Monday - Friday) The best of the morning's Miami Herald. Afternoon Update (Monday - Friday) Latest news, plus the afternoon business & national news. News Alert (When it happens) the first to know when big news breaks. Business (Monday - Friday) Keep up with local business news and small business advice. Americas (Monday - Friday) Our best source for news and opinion on Cuba and the Americas. Politics 2016 (Monday - Friday) Keep up with the 2016 elections and the latest national, state and local politics. Family Fare (Wednesdays) Have a family? Then this is your source for family friendly events, education news, health news and other important topics that parents need to know. View all newsletters Elections 2016 Dade elections: Still 475,000 ballots away from declaring winner in Asencio-Rivera race As rooftop solar costs drop, utility attempts to raise barriers may not work Gobsmacked by election, Florida Democrats try to refocus Trump’s triumph sets off an angry (and belated) millennial backlash Three Homestead charter changes were passed on Election Day Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Find&Save Local Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Find&Save Local Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Client Login Contact Us Newsletters Articles Customer Stories Why eMarketer Products Research Topics NEWSROOM eMarketer's latest news, announcements, and media resources. Monday, November 7, 2016 Mobile Payments in the US Growing Fast, but Still Far from Mass Adoption Fewer than 20% of smartphone users use proximity mobile payments this year New York, NY (November 7, 2016) — Despite double-digit growth this year and next, Americans’ use of mobile wallets like Apple Pay, Android Pay and Samsung Pay, as well as branded apps that include mobile wallets like the Starbucks app, Walmart Pay and CVS Pay, will not reach mass adoption in the foreseeable future. This year, 38.4 million Americans 14 and over will have used their mobile phones to pay at the point of sale at least once in the preceding six months. That’s just 19.4% of US smartphone users. By 2020, that figure will grow to 33.1% of smartphone users. Click here for full release. For more information please contact: Douglas Clark PR Manager, North America 646-863-8807 dclark@emarketer.com Posted on November 7, 2016.     « Previous Post :::: Next Post » Home Press Releases Press Kit In the News Company News Events Contact Info: Doug Clark North America Press Inquiries +1-646-863-8807 dclark@emarketer.com Sheelagh Doyle EMEA/APAC Press Inquiries +44 0203 574 4937 sdoyle@emarketer.com Are you a member of the press with a question about eMarketer? Submit your request here. To cite eMarketer data in articles and publications, please read our Terms of Service. For more information about booking eMarketer Chairman, Geoff Ramsey, for a speaking engagement, visit this page. Newsroom Site Map   About eMarketer Contact Us Events Newsroom Advertising Opportunities Career Opportunities Privacy Policy Call Us: 1-800-405-0844 Coverage by Topic Advertising & Marketing B2B Demographics Ecommerce Email Media Usage, Buying & Planning Mobile Search Social Video NEW! Create your own charts on these topics, instantly. Try it now > Coverage by Geography Asia-Pacific Central & Eastern Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa North America Western Europe Coverage by Industry Automotive Consumer Products Financial Services Media & Entertainment Pharma & Healthcare Retail Travel Explore More Articles � � � � � Copyright eMarketer Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Cities Crime Traffic Education Watchdog Science Government California Nation Weather Election More Laguna's popular mountain bike trails will soon be more accessible to all How craft beer and restaurants are helping Whole Foods Market in Tustin fend off competitors Everyday Hero: This man's job at Dana Hills High is to stop drug overdoses After Jose Solorio controversy, a Santa Ana councilman proposes changing city's voting structure Dodgers' Corey Seager wins NL Rookie of the Year award Rams defensive end Robert Quinn hospitalized with illness Bonsignore: Rams' stellar defense won't be enough take them to the playoffs Wolf: USC turned season around after players-only meeting Black Friday is big business, but many Americans think it's the worst day Stater Bros. leader Jack Brown dies at 78 Retail-restaurant roundup: Outlets at San Clemente turns 1; Del Taco expanding; PetSmart ramps up delivery Taco Bell opens Las Vegas flagship with new logo, merchandise store Kenny Chesney, Shania Twain and Dierks Bentley top Stagecoach 2017 festival lineup Here's the Stagecoach 2017 lineup Musician Leon Russell dead at 74 Chart-toppers map Olivia Newton-John's musical journey Top news News Homeless woman pleads guilty to setting 2 Santa Ana fires Nov. 8, 2016 Updated 6:30 p.m. By CITY NEWS SERVICE Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF SANTA ANA – A transient who authorities say set two fires in Santa Ana to cover her tracks as she fled stores with stolen goods pleaded guilty to felony and misdemeanor charges and was sentenced to time served in jail and five years of formal probation. Erika Rubi Hernandez Valeriano, 42, pleaded guilty Monday to two counts each of vandalism with damage of more than $400 and second-degree burglary, as well as two misdemeanor counts of possession of flammable material. Two felony counts of arson and two misdemeanor counts of petty theft were dismissed as a result of her plea. The defendant was immediately sentenced to 308 days in jail, or time served, and put on probation. Valeriano set blazes at a Walmart at 3600 W. McFadden Ave. on Oct. 4, 2015 and at the El Super grocery store at 2445 S. Bristol St. on May 30, authorities said. On both occasions, investigators said more than 50 patrons were in the stores at the time the fires were set. “She set these fires to use as a distraction to push carts full of items out the doors during the chaos caused by the fires,” investigators reported in a court document arguing for an enhanced bail. The defendant was also accused of using multiple aliases and dates of birth “to avoid getting into further trouble, or being detected for prior offenses,” investigators wrote. “In a recent car stop, she used a different name to avoid detection on an active DUI warrant,” investigators said in the court filing. Most recently, Valeriano was living out of a shelter in Irvine. News reports about the Walmart arson prompted a valuable tip that led to the defendant's arrest, according to Orange County Fire Authority Capt. Larry Kurtz. “The media putting out that video was key to getting a tip that turned out to be key,” Kurtz said. Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular Missing teen last seen at Disney hotel where she was staying with family U.S. Marine dies in Lake Forest motorcycle crash Body of missing Huntington Beach scuba diver found off El Segundo Stater Bros. leader Jack Brown dies at 78 21-year-old woman dies after stabbing in Anaheim User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. Laguna's popular mountain bike trails will soon be more accessible to all How craft beer and restaurants are helping Whole Foods Market in Tustin fend off competitors Everyday Hero: This man's job at Dana Hills High is to stop drug overdoses After Jose Solorio controversy, a Santa Ana councilman proposes changing city's voting structure Dodgers' Corey Seager wins NL Rookie of the Year award Rams defensive end Robert Quinn hospitalized with illness Bonsignore: Rams' stellar defense won't be enough take them to the playoffs Wolf: USC turned season around after players-only meeting Black Friday is big business, but many Americans think it's the worst day Stater Bros. leader Jack Brown dies at 78 Retail-restaurant roundup: Outlets at San Clemente turns 1; Del Taco expanding; PetSmart ramps up delivery Taco Bell opens Las Vegas flagship with new logo, merchandise store Kenny Chesney, Shania Twain and Dierks Bentley top Stagecoach 2017 festival lineup Here's the Stagecoach 2017 lineup Musician Leon Russell dead at 74 Chart-toppers map Olivia Newton-John's musical journey Top news Education » Irvine principal kisses pig to make good on $50K fundraising promise Irvine teachers could get 3.7 percent raise CSU board to consider tuition hike for next year BUSINESS » Black Friday is big business, but many Americans think it's the worst day Stater Bros. leader Jack Brown dies at 78 Retail-restaurant roundup: Outlets at San Clemente turns 1; Del Taco expanding; PetSmart ramps up delivery O.C. Watchdog » Victims of nearly $18 million coin scam face tough fight to recoup losses Watchdog: Assaults on California police soar. More attacks, or more sensitivity? Free after six years in jail, but never charged with crime Health Care » Nurse who ran Laguna Niguel day spa agrees to guilty plea to injecting Botox not approved for use in the U.S. Former operator of drug treatment centers in Orange, L.A. counties arrested on suspicion of sex and financial crimes How Obamacare may sway voters in this election ENTERTAINMENT » Kenny Chesney, Shania Twain and Dierks Bentley top Stagecoach 2017 festival lineup Here's the Stagecoach 2017 lineup Musician Leon Russell dead at 74 Food » Retail-restaurant roundup: Outlets at San Clemente turns 1; Del Taco expanding; PetSmart ramps up delivery Taco Bell opens Las Vegas flagship with new logo, merchandise store How craft beer and restaurants are helping Whole Foods Market in Tustin fend off competitors TELEVISION » Robert Vaughn, suave 'Man from U.NCL.E.' star, dies at 83 This week's TV highlights TV highlights Nov. 1-5 Special Sections » OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 100 Top Workplaces 2015 Featured Multimedia SLIDESHOW » Irvine principal kisses pig to make good on $50K fundraising promise VIDEO » He died from gunfire but came back from the dead with a tale of forgiveness PHOTOS/VIDEO » How an Ancestry TV commercial brought together a mother and daughter after 53 years SLIDESHOW » Check out the extra Super Moon, the brightest one in 70 years SLIDESHOW » At Fashion Island, the tree's trimmed and ready for Santa SLIDESHOW » 350 march peacefully in protesting against Donald Trump in Santa Ana Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Receive breaking news and newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2016 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
GoSearch Watch Now: News 11 KPLR11 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us kplr11.com Menu News Pulse of St. Louis Interviews Links Watch the CW Contests Weather 59° 59° Low 39° High 65° Tue 44° 68° Wed 47° 70° Thu 51° 75° See complete forecast 2016 Election – Check local and presidential results Animal shelter hope replace stolen money to finish new facility Posted 7:02 pm, November 8, 2016, by Patrick Clark Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video ST. JACOB, IL (KPLR) – Onyx the dog was the only eyewitness. 'He`s a greeter,' says Lisa McCormick, Director Partners for Pets.  'Yeah like a Walmart greeter.' He`s not a guard dog, but this black lab has come to call Partners for Pets home. The home is the last stop for strays in Madison County is asking for your help after someone broke in over the weekend and stole an estimated $1,000 from a locked cash box. 'Reached in and took the screen out and were able to jimmy the window so they could get in,' says McCormick. The money was going to be used for this weekend`s trivia night, to pay vet bills and open a larger facility to house more rescues. 'Partners for Pets is an animal shelter and we pull dogs and cats from the local area pounds before they`re euthanized and give them all the medical care and find them new homes,' says McCormick. In 15 years, they`ve rescued an estimated 16,000 animals that would have been put down. In 2015 they had 1,349 adoptions. The nonprofit says every cent counts and the thousand dollars stolen comes at a rough time. 'So this is kind of a blow actually‘adds McCormick.  'I just think that is poor whoever did that to steal from animals.' Partners for Pets will still hold their trivia night Saturday at the Moose Lodge in Edwardsville and hope the public will come support them. 38.713937 -89.768150 Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Watch our free movie channel KPLR’s digital channel 11.1 shows hit movies. Find out how you can watch. Popular Residents awake to car windows shot out Motorcyclist injured in accident on Lemay Ferry Twins born as Daylight Saving Time ends cause rare age twist Mother of slain boys struggling to cope ahead of funeral Latest News 3 cows stranded on tiny ‘island’ after huge New Zealand quake O’Fallon police searching for burglar who struck dry cleaners Chesterfield police looking for suspected sunglass thieves Monday Mascot – Stetson News Stray Rescue halts operations after several dogs die from distemper News Distemper kills 17 dogs at Stray Rescue News Couple wants answers as to why beloved pet died following visit to PETSMART News Distemper outbreak at Stray Rescue worse than previously thought News Trails for Tails proceeds benefit Five Acres Animal Shelter News Coyote attacks have residents worried about pets News Judge orders soldier to carry photo of drowned puppy in his wallet News Security cameras capture mother and 2-year-old son being attacked by dogs News First elk seen in South Carolina since the 1700s News Pound puppy turned police ‘porn dog’ News ‘Major disaster’ in flooded areas of Louisiana, governor says News Judicial candidate’s son rescued from house fire News Here’s how peanut butter snack may save endangered ferrets Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • • Copyright © 2016, KPLR • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google Home teardown reveals smart home device can be easily repaired By R Padla - November 8, 2016 2 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Google has really ventured into the hardware business. Aside from the Pixel phones, there’s the Google Home trying to rival Amazon’s Echo that is powered by Alexa. We’ve shared with you our review last week and noted that it’s feeling right at home with the Google Assistant. The device was earlier spotted in a Walmart store before market release. Google has been busy with marketing and preparation but it already released an update for the Google Cast app which is slowly moving to Google Home. IFIXIT managed to do a teardown treatment of the Google Home and discovered that the device has high reparability. That means it’s easy to repair. The smart home device received a score of 8 on the repairability chart. That’s good news for those who want to “tinker” and”fix” stuff. The only challenge encountered was when the capacitive touch board was a bit difficult to remove. Using the correct tools. IFixit was able to pry open the device and see its guts spread out on the table. The Amazon Echo scored 7 but Google Home exceeded it with 8. This is somehow expected because the Google Home was designed with “modular” in mind. It was also discovered that some of the components of the new Google Home can be found inside the Chromecast. SOURCE: IFIXIT TAGS Android Google Home iFixIt teardown Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,403FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 469,007FollowersFollow 59,274SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
null
Skip to main content Labs Blog Mobile About Us Help Login / Register Home Updates Countries Disasters Topics Organizations Jobs Training 08 Nov 2016 Economic Strengthening Officer- 1 Vacancy based in Lira (Open to Ugandan Nationals Only) Jobfrom Mercy Corps — Closing date: 17 Nov 2016 PROGRAM/DEPARTMENT SUMMARY: Mercy Corps has been operating in Uganda since 2006 and works to catalyse change makers within the Ugandan private sector, civil society and government to create economically dynamic, healthy and secure communities. Our works focus on building resilience and enable economic growth, improve opportunities to attain better health and nutrition, and improved governance and conflict management. We implement programs in northern Uganda Acholi and Karamoja regions with funding from USAID, USDA, Walmart Foundation, SDC, DFID as well as other private donations. Mercy Corps is looking for a qualified candidate to fill the position of Economic Strengthening Officer based in Lira for the USAID funded five years program on Better Outcomes for Children and Youth in Eastern and Northern Uganda. The program goal is to improve the wellbeing of children and youth orphaned by HIV and other adversities in Uganda. It mainly focuses on orphaned and vulnerable children, youth and their caregivers to have improved access and utilization of health, nutrition, education, and psychosocial wellbeing and reducing abuse, exploitation and neglect. The Economic Strengthening Officer will be responsible for the day to day implementation of the economic strengthening components of the program in collaboration with consortium members. The sector priorities include meeting immediate economic needs of the most vulnerable target groups though temporary interventions to uplift and integrate them in to market systems; increased savings and access to credit opportunities; increased opportunities for income growth and building assets; and better access to group based education and support programming. The program will be implemented in Northern and Eastern Uganda. GENERAL POSITION SUMMARY: The Economic Strengthening Officer will responsible for the implementation of the economic empowerment component of the program in northern Uganda. S/he will be responsible for activity planning and implementation to improve the economic conditions of target groups through improved access and utilization of services and products and better access to markets. Reporting to the Economic Strengthening Technical Lead, the Officer will work with a consortium of agencies under the prime lead of World Education. ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS: With guidance from the technical lead, the officer will be responsible for program planning and implementation in the areas of economic strengthening. Work closely with other component field teams in the consortium to ensure integrated approach to program implementation Establish and maintain productive working relationships with local government officials and line departments, soliciting their participation in all activities where appropriate. Responsible for the day to day implementation of activities at field level. Ensure proper logistics, administration, human resources and transport needs of the program are conducted within Mercy Corps policy and with the maximum benefit to the program. Work with the economic strengthening team for the development of and continual revision of a dynamic, program-wide monitoring and evaluation system linked to program strategies, indicators, and information management tools, which supports program management, accountability and learning. Continual gathering and sharing of data specific to the sector Produce written reports on the program capturing impacts related to all activities. Ensure establishment and maintenance of relationships with communities, consortium partners and other CSOs in target operation areas. KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE: o A degree, preferably graduate level, in economics development, development studies, social sciences or social work, or a closely related field is required. o S/he must have at least three years of works experience in economic strengthening initiatives that target vulnerable communities mainly orphan and vulnerable children and households. o Experience in working with private sector partners o Solid experience on market based solutions to addressing poverty o Strong interpersonal, writing and oral presentation skills in English are also required. o Demonstrated attention to detail, ability to follow procedures, meet deadlines and work independently and cooperatively with team members. o Strong computer literacy with a full knowledge of office applications. o Ability to focus on day-to-day tasks at hand while also working towards longer-term objectives with an understanding that these will change continuously; o Willingness to spend much time in the field and work closely with program target groups and partners. SUCCESS FACTORS: o The successful Economic Strengthening Officer will have the ability and curiosity to work effectively with local government, civil society and community based organizations. o The successful candidate will have solid background in economic and market development. How to apply: Applications: Submit your application through email to ug-mcjobs@mercycorps.org addressed to the Senior HR and Legal Manager, Mercy Corps Uganda. Include a cover letter clearly stating your salary requirements, CV (with 3 referees), and copies of academic qualifications/certificates. Deadline for Submission: Close of business on Thursday, 17th November, 2016. Subject of email should include the position you are applying for. Only short-listed candidates will be contacted by Mercy Corps. Mercy Corps is an equal opportunity employer; qualified female candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Job ID: #1771066 Career categories: Program/Project Management Country: Uganda Organization: Mercy Corps Job years of experience: 3-5 years Job type: Job How to apply Home Updates Countries Disasters Topics Organizations Jobs Training About Us Help ReliefWeb Informing humanitarians worldwide. A service provided by ReliefWeb has been the leading online source for reliable and timely humanitarian information on global crises and disasters since 1996. Learn more about ReliefWeb Still relevant after all these years ReliefWeb is not only pertinent in a disaster environment or humanitarian emergency ; indeed, the users I canvassed in Nairobi, the biggest hub for humanitarian actors in Africa, pointed to all... Visit the blog Connect With ReliefWeb Receive news about us Related Sites Submit Content Share information through ReliefWeb to better inform humanitarians worldwide. How to submit content Tools API - Real-time data stream to power next-generation apps. Location Maps - Country maps for your reports and presentations. Humanitarian Icons - Ready-to-use symbols and icons. Free download. ReliefWeb Videos - Selected humanitarian videos for countries, topics and organizations. RSS - Subscribe to information finely tuned to your needs. Frequently Asked Questions - Get answers to common problems and learn more about ReliefWeb. Contact Us - Ask questions and suggest improvements.
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion WOULD YOU STOP HIM? Shocking moment a man ‘is robbed while he has a seizure’ at busy supermarket – but not all is what it seems Footage shows crowd of shoppers standing back as brazen 'thief' walks away with wallet By NEAL BAKER 8th November 2016, 10:57 pm THIS is the shocking moment a brazen thief steals the wallet of a man having a seizure — but not all is what it seems. The footage, shot at a busy Walmart supermarket in Philadelphia, shows a man collapsing in front of shoppers before a passerby appears to rob him. Not known 3 ‘Theft’ … Supposed pickpocket can be seen bending over to take seizure victim’s wallet as crowds look on Not known 3 Wallet thief coolly walks away from his ‘victim’ while shoppers stand by idly But the incident is a set-up designed to test how people react to a blatant crime — and the result is shocking. Not one person intervenes to stop the ‘thief’ as he coolly walks out of the shop having just pick-pocketed the apparent victim. The shocking stunt has raised questions over the public’s ability to turn a blind eye to crime. Related stories CATCH THE POPPY THIEF Moment shameless crook swipes Poppy Appeal collection tin from busy restaurant HAVE A BREAK in Hungry thief steals a Kit-Kat out of student's car... and leaves grovelling apology behind HOW COULD HE? Police hunting thief who stole poppy charity collection from McDonald's THIS IS A PRICKUP! 'Thief holds syringe against pregnant cashier's neck and threatens to stab her' AMAZON CRIME Retail giant Amazon slammed for selling lock picks dubbed 'a thief's dream' MUGGER DEATH Suspected street thief dies moments after being 'arrested' by members of the public 'as low as it can get' Judge blasts 'callous' thief who stole a murder victim’s phone as he lay dying then threw it away HE MUST THINK WE'RE BLIND! Moment bungling thief tries to hide a Venetian BLIND under his coat STABBED ON THE JOB Police dog fighting for its life after suspected thief stabbed him and his handler Not known 3 ‘Thief’ escapes without being stopped by any witnesses While one bystander — who appears to be calling an ambulance for the supposed seizure victim — shouts at the thief, others stand idle as he slowly strolls away. As he leaves the store shouts increase in volume, but still no one stands in his way. The footage was uploaded to YouTube by user Chris Mendez who posts prank clips filmed in the Philadelphia area. “What happened afterwards [was] they screamed at us for playing around and we just left”, he said describing the stunt. Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 Topics Pranks YouTube USA Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News MOTHER FROM HELL Probe launched after mum is filmed brutally punching and slapping baby ‘because tot wouldn't stop crying’ News Video RANDY REVELLERS Shocking moment two clubbers were filmed having sex on sofa in Cardiff nightclub News Exclusive jackpot brute jailed Lottery winner throttled his wife and beat a child after claiming winning £70,000 would make 2016… News LIZARD MAN DEAD Tattooed biker gang enforcer known as 'Lizard Man' and ex-girlfriend found dead in apartment News BAG BABY Mum who abandoned baby on freezing doorstep in Tesco carrier bag is caught six years on by DNA evidence News 'don't be afraid' Trump says women might have to travel to other states for abortions, promises to deport 3m immigrants and… News BULlied to death Schoolboy, 15, found hanged after bullies used fake Jimmy Savile Facebook page to make sick rape threats to… News BLOTTO WINNER Lotto millionaire flashes the £4,500 boobs she bought with her jackpot yet again... this time at her… News Exclusive TRAM 'TEXT' HORROR Croydon tram crash driver was 'texting' as vehicle sped round corner 'significantly' above the permitted… News WINTER STORM ALERT Britain to be battered by gales, snow and -11C freeze this week as Arctic blast ushers in winter News Latest TRIUMPHANT TRUMP Donald Trump becomes President of the United States after bitter fight for the White House News HE'S JUST BIG BONED! North Korea warns Chinese officials to 'stop calling glorious leader Kim Jong-un fat' News Graphic Warning 'GO ON, KILL HER!' Shocking moment schoolgirl bully kicks girl in the HEAD during sickening attack as other pupils laugh and… News Most Popular THE STATE ESCAPE Renegade states plan to pull off their own Brexit and ditch the US for Canada after Trump election victory News Video HONEY'S FIX RAP Honey G reveals she's got a track lined up for next week's X Factor... moments after learning theme TV & Showbiz back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz Video Tough times Strictly Come Dancing's Danny Mac hints at personal heartache despite topping leader board TV & Showbiz Exclusive EXPLOSIVE EXIT Chloe Ferry axed from Geordie Shore after ‘kicking new girl in the HEAD’ over on-off lover Marty TV & Showbiz ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News NUMBER'S UP Eastenders makes a MAJOR blunder as two characters have something very strange in common TV & Showbiz Exclusive EMILY'S OUT ON STREET Corrie legend Eileen Derbyshire leaves soap after 55yrs - ending reign as its longest serving actress TV & Showbiz Video A crying shame Holly and Phil tear up over desperate mother whose son has threatened to kill himself over bullying TV & Showbiz 'WHy are you even on the show?' Xtra Factor viewer angers Nicole Scherzinger by trolling Ryan Lawrie live on air TV & Showbiz 'WHAT'S HAPPENED TO HER?' I’m A Celebrity fans left stunned by Carol Vorderman’s fresh faced look TV & Showbiz devastating family secret I'm A Celebrity star Larry Lamb's secret agony over daughter he hasn't seen in 46 years TV & Showbiz Right Mess Lionel Messi 'rejects new contract with Barca after worries over tax fraud legal issues' Football It's back! Michelle Keegan's wedding ring returns as she wows in strapless dress alongside handsome husband Mark Wright TV & Showbiz Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Drinks Forums Reviews Video Longform Cities more Drinks Forums Reviews Video Longform Cities Atlanta Austin Boston Charleston Chicago Dallas Denver Detroit Houston Las Vegas Los Angeles Miami Minneapolis Montreal Nashville New Orleans New York Philadelphia Portland, OR San Diego San Francisco Seattle Washington DC ✕ Food TV News Celebrities Patti LaBelle Is Getting a Cooking Show The pie queen’s new Cooking Channel series debuts December 3 by Whitney Filloon@whitneyfilloon Nov 8, 2016, 2:30pm EST tweet share pin Astrid Riecken/Getty Images Patti LaBelle has clearly gotten the memo about diversifying one’s portfolio. Last year sweet potato pies with the music legend’s face on the box sold out in a flash at Walmart thanks to a viral video review, leading LaBelle to expand the line with cakes. (Sadly, they are not called Patti Cakes.) Now, LaBelle’s onto the natural next phase of her lifestyle branding: a cooking show. The Cooking Channel has ordered six half-hour episodes of her new series Patti LaBelle’s Place, set to debut next month. LaBelle will enlist a healthy roster of celebrity guest stars — 50 Cent! Oprah’s BFF Gayle King! Carla Hall! — to help her whip up homey-sounding dishes, many of which boast her name in the title (think Patti’s Southern-Style Fried Corn and Patti’s Secret Homemade Salad Dressing, which will presumably no longer be a secret once it’s broadcast on national television). Her new cooking show debuts December 3 with two back-to-back episodes. For posterity’s sake, here’s that video review of the “Lady Marmalade” singer’s sweet potato pie, which has racked up more than 5 million views (if she’s lucky, maybe he’ll also review her new show): More From Eater Watch: How to Turn Leftover Sashimi Into Beer-Battered Fish Tacos Supported By The Eater Guide to the Whole Entire World The 23 Most Anticipated Restaurant Openings of Fall 2016 Escaping the Restaurant Industry's Motherhood Trap The 24-Year-Old Coca-Cola Virgin The Biggest New Cookbooks of 2016 Most Read Read Restaurateur Danny Meyer’s Post-Election Letter to Employees My Cast-Iron Conversion This Year's Starbucks Red Cups Are Festive AF This Article has a component height of 7. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Stunts Ohio News 'Super Size Me’ Star Morgan Spurlock Is Opening His Own Fast Food Joint by Chris Fuhrmeister@ccfuhr And he’s hoping to change the model New, 0 comments IDK News Sushi Burgers Are Fusion Gone Terribly, Terribly Wrong by Whitney Filloon@whitneyfilloon And proof humanity can’t leave a good thing alone New, 0 comments Lawsuits News Krispy Kreme Is Being Sued For $5 Million Over Fake Blueberry Doughnuts by Whitney Filloon@whitneyfilloon Who knew doughnuts weren’t wholesome? New, 0 comments 2016 Presidential Election News Delivery On Election Night, Americans Self-Medicated With Delivery Food and Booze by Virginia Chamlee Alcohol sales were “through the roof” New, 3 comments Paris News Restaurant News Inside La Belle Equipe, One Year After the Paris Attacks by Whitney Filloon@whitneyfilloon A 360-degree look at a restaurant in recovery New, 0 comments We’re Not Going to Tell You Which Immigrant-Owned Restaurants Need Your Support by Eater Staff Here’s why. New, 2 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Community Guidelines Masthead Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Home News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military National Strange News International Elections On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Entertainment News Obituaries Live Streaming Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Tides HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Parenting Pop Quiz Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Tuesday’s Taste Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests Work for Us WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com 57° F Overcast Hi: 58° F Lo: 42° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military National Strange News International Elections On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Entertainment News Obituaries Live Streaming Featured: McDonnell Trial Zika Latest Headlines 14-year-old boy seriously injured in Newport News shooting Updated: 1 min ago The victim was taken to the hospital with possible life-threatening injuries. Dominion Virginia Power warning customers of utility scam Updated: 16 mins ago If you’re a Dominion Virginia Power customer, scammers are targeting you. House swears in 3 new members, more coming soon Updated: 25 mins ago Clinton tells Democrats not to be discouraged, divided Updated: 25 mins ago Former US senator to oversee state takeover of Atlantic City Updated: 6 mins ago Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Current Conditions 57° F Overcast Feels Like: 57° F Wind: N 7 Humidity: 93% Dewpoint: 55° F Sunrise: 6:43 AM Sunset: 4:56 PM Hampton Roads Weather Forecast Radar Sponsored by: Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Tides Latest Headlines Martin’s successful return bolsters Buccaneers confidence Updated: 2 mins ago TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — Doug Martin plowed into the end zone, kissed the ground in celebration and jogged back to the sideline sporting a big smi… Russell Wilson joining Seattle Arena investment group Updated: 2 mins ago SEATTLE (AP) — The push to get a new NBA/NHL arena built in Seattle’s stadium district received a boost on Monday from Seahawks quarterback … Giants receiver Victor Cruz out with ankle injury Updated: 2 mins ago Road ahead tough for Cardinals after victory Updated: 21 mins ago Take a bye: Falcons head into off week looking to recharge 6:56 pm HR Show HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Parenting Pop Quiz Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Tuesday’s Taste Latest Headlines In The Kitchen: Pan Seared Bacon Wrapped Turkey Tenderloin 1:50 pm Gourmet Thanksgiving feast from Farm Fresh. Movie Review: Doctor Strange 1:50 pm Also get a chance to mingle with Hollywood heavyweights at the MixKnowledgey Presents: Elevate 757. Merry and Bright Holiday Gifts 1:49 pm Military Minute: USS Stout 3:56 pm Audience: Holiday Lights at the Beach 1:45 pm Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests Work for Us WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com Search for: Search the site 57° F Overcast Hi: 58° F Lo: 42° F Missing man last seen leaving his Portsmouth home Friday By Emily Satchell Published: November 8, 2016, 4:33 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Jason Hargraves, Sr. (Photo: Portsmouth Police Department) PORTSMOUTH, Va. (WAVY) — Portsmouth police are searching for a man missing since November 4. 36-year-old Jason Hargraves, Sr. was last seen at 8:30 p.m. Friday leaving his home in the tenth block of Muckle Court. Family members say Hargraves was heading to Wal-Mart and called an Uber driver to take him there. No one has heard from Hargraves since he left. Police described Hargraves as a black male, about 6 feet tall and 220 pounds. He has brown eyes and black hair. If you’ve seen Hargraves or have information about his whereabouts, call the Portsmouth Police Department at 757-393-5300 or the Crime Line at 1-888-LOCK-U-UP. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Missing endangered Suffolk woman found safe UPDATE: Portsmouth man with short term memory loss found safe Employee shot inside Wal-Mart in Pennsylvania James City County police looking for missing man in need of medication Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WAVY.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WAVY-TV © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Traffic Sports Experts HR Show More Advertise Advertise with Us Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report WVBT EEO Report Children’s TV Report FCC Public File Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Stay Connected WAVY Weather App WAVY News App Email Alerts Text Alerts ReportIt Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Daily Journal Daily Journal Chickasaw Journal Monroe County Journal Pontotoc Progress Itawamba Times Southern Sentinel Southern Advocate New Albany Gazette Blogs Biz Buzz Scene Now Education Matters Inside Mississippi State Sports Inside Ole Miss Sports NeMiss Preps Real Estate NeMiss Jobs Classifieds Advertise Subscribe eEdition Contact Us Directory New Albany Gazette New Albany news & Union County MS Navigation Menu  Home About Us News New Albany Union County Blue Springs Myrtle Education Community News Milestones Public Records Business Sports New Albany East Union Ingomar Myrtle West Union Columns Opinion Editorials Columns Letters Bridal View Announcements Submit Announcement Obituaries Visit Latest Obituaries View Archived Obituaries Classifieds eEdition Best Ballot ’16   City updates fee-related ordinances among other agenda items By Lynn West on November 8, 2016 in News New Albany aldermen modified a series of city ordinances at their monthly meeting this past week, but said rather than effecting major change the move just made regulations more flexible. Most of the changes referred to outmoded permit and related fees that were set by law years ago. Now, planning and zoning board members will have the ability to update them as needed rather than going through a more protracted legal process. One other change will give the zoning administrator the power to act concerning commercial vehicles that may be improperly parked in residential areas and yet another expanded the permitted use of light industrial zoning to include towing and vehicle storage. The last was to make laws regarding the advertising of beer and liquor conform to each other. Aldermen had wanted to prohibit such advertising inside a building that was visible from the outside and now that is true for both beer and light wine, and wine and spirits. Building inspector and zoning administrator Eric Thomas reported a good month with about $10,000 received in permit fees. He said John Ellis and Mrs. Richard Hamric had asked the board for permission to rezone adjoining lots at 202 and 204 Oxford Rd. from R-2 residential to C-2 commercial. This is on the edge of the area popoulated by medical-related offices behind the hospital. The planning and zoning board approved so a public hearing needs to be set before final approval by aldermen. The hearing will be at the next aldermen’s meeting in December. It appears the city will be adding to its inventory of speed tables and three-way stops. Aldermen agreed to install speed tables on Eastview after a request by 32 families living in the area because of the danger of speeding drivers to young children playing. This brought up discussion about a possible need for similar speed tables on Oxford Road behind Wal-Mart, and on Cleveland Street. Some aldermen expressed concern about a “snowball effect” in adding more and more speed control devices. “Now, everybody will be wanting one,” one board member said. Aldermen agreed the first choice was to try to increase police enforcement of speed limits before adding too many speed tables. In another traffic-related matter, the status of efforts to have a traffic light installed at the intersection of Hwy. 30 West and Starlyn Drive is unchanged, Mayor Tim Kent said. Transportation officials say a light is justified but they have no money for it. Alderman Johnny Anderson asked how much a light would cost and whether the city could install one, but estimates were in the $200,000 range including lights, poles and arms. Nothing new also was reported concerning repairing the rough railroad crossing on Glenfield Road, with Mayor Kent saying he had not heard back from railroad officials. There was also nothing new to report on the possibility of replacing the wooden railroad trestle where it passes over Snyder Street. Mayor Kent said he hopes work will be completed so Main Street can be opened in the next few days. Aldermen approved paying Paul Smithey $65,964.32 and $67,371.75 plus ESI engineers $8,852.90 toward the project. The money comes from a Mississippi Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks grant and was used to cover Camp Creek Branch after installing large culverts and placing a concrete trail access path over it. Also included was the work now going on to place a large box culvert under Main Street beneath the Tanglefoot Trail bridge intended to end street flooding in the even of heavy rains. In department business: • Police Chief Chris Robertson asked for permission to apply for the FY ’18 DUI grant from the department of public safety. “We have got it for the past seven or eight years,” he told the board, adding that the grant helps pay for a full-time DUI officer plus overtime and extra enforcement during high-risk periods such as holidays. • Robertson also asked for and received permission to sell two abandoned vehicles. He said the Ford Expedition and Toyota Sequoia were seized on I-22 and driven by undocumented aliens, who were turned over to the Immigration and Naturalization Service. A 120-day waiting period was required before the vehicles can be sold and Robertson said no one has tried to claim them. Officers have been unable to contact anyone who might have filed a claim. • Light, gas and water manager Bill Mattox told the board that he needed to “beef up” the Butler Street substation and needs a new circuit breaker. Because the cost is expected to be more than $50,000, Mattox will need to advertise for bids. He said the breaker was included in the department budget. • Union County Development Association Executive Director Phil Nanney reported on the CREATE Foundation’s “Imagine the Possibilities” career fair held at the BancorpSouth Arena where more than 7,000 area eighth-graders were given hands-on exposure to 17 career paths encompassing many more different occupations. He said a career planning event was held especially for kindergarten students at the fairgrounds here recently as well. Nanney reported on use of the civic center for an Imperial Trading training meeting and told aldermen that the sale of 30 acres in the Martintown Industrial Park to the PUL Alliance had been completed. This is the land that will be used for the solar energy farm. • Assistant Fire Chief Mark Whiteside received permission to advertise for a hiring pool for the fire department. He said they do this once a year so that if an opening occurs they have qualified replacements waiting. Among agenda items: • Aldermen approved the October claims docket and minutes for the Oct. 4 and 17 meetings. • They elected Mayor Tim Kent to represent the city on the Three Rivers Solid Waste Authority board, which he has been serving on in the past. • Aldermen amended the budget to allow purchase of Bush-Hog for the street department. The item was inadvertently left out of the budget. • Aldermen approved a freeport tax exemption for Emerald Home Furnishings, which county supervisors had already approved as well. The exemption is on personal property that was not manufactured in the state or intended for sale here, but rather just being stored here on a temporary basis before reshipping. • The board voted to put a new roof on the community center, which has been experiencing leaks. The nearly 70-year-old building remains in frequent use. • Aldermen approve 10-year ad valorem tax exemptions for Albany Industries, Emerald King’s Creek, VIP Cinema, a second earlier year for VIP Cinema, Diversity Vuteq and Sugarees Bakery. • Before adjourning the board met in executive session concerning a personnel matter but Mayor Kent said they took no action. About Lynn West View all posts by Lynn West → Barbara Owens retiring after 50 years’ service to hospital, community Site preparation begins for Cracker Barrel Old Country Store Search Popular Latest Comments Tags Ellistown Breezes November 10, 2016 NAES holds career day for fifth-graders November 8, 2016 Site preparation begins for Cracker Barrel Old Country Store November 8, 2016 Gazette to hold open house in new offices Thursday November 8, 2016 Operation Christmas Child collections set November 10, 2016 East Union vs JZ George photo page November 11, 2016 Jaguars outrun Urchins in playoff win November 11, 2016 Ingomar takes two from Hickory Flat November 11, 2016 Cracker Barrel Old Country Store to open in May, employ 175 November 10, 2016 County for Trump, as expected November 10, 2016 Nonie: Margaret Gwendolyn Roberts McCraw - My Aunt Margar... Caleb Frederick: This is a great idea!... jonathan makeley: Jim Hedges 2016 If you are interested in joining t... Jim Hall: i'v read both of mr. coffeys' books, love them b... Seth Vincent Flake: New Albany and the people behind the scenes are do... east union East Union baseball East Union Basketball East Union Football East Union High School East Union Lady Urchins East Union Softball East Union Urchins featured ingomar Ingomar Baseball Ingomar Basketball Ingomar Falcons Ingomar High School Ingomar Lady Falcons Ingomar Softball Mitchell column Mitchell opinion MS Myrtle Myrtle Basketball Myrtle Hawks myrtle high school Myrtle Lady Hawks Myrtle Softball New Albany New Albany Basketball New Albany Bulldogs new albany football New Albany High School New Albany Lady Bulldogs New Albany soccer New Albany Softball sports Union County union county prep sports Union County Softball Union County sports West Union West Union Baseball West Union Basketball West Union Eagles West Union High School West Union Lady Eagles West Union Softball Like us on Facebook Like us on Facebook Subscribe to Blog via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Recent Posts East Union vs JZ George photo page Jaguars outrun Urchins in playoff win Ingomar takes two from Hickory Flat Cracker Barrel Old Country Store to open in May, employ 175 County for Trump, as expected Recent Comments Nonie on Ellistown Breezes Caleb Frederick on City dealing with parking problems without running off visitors jonathan makeley on General election is next Tuesday Jim Hall on WWII vet talks about time in battle, signs memoirs Seth Vincent Flake on RiverFest was just fine the way it was for years Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 July 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 COMMUNITIES Daily Journal Itawamba Times Pontotoc Progress Chickasaw Journal Southern Sentinel Call us (662) 534-6321 MORE SPORTS NeMissPreps Inside Mississippi State Sports Inside Ole Miss Sports CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Homes For Sale/Rent FOLLOW US Facebook Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 July 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 © 2016 New Albany Gazette. All Rights Reserved. Press f for fullscreen.
null
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections RNC 2016 Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Community Bloggers Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Football Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Gymnastics Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Community Videos Submit Your Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Lake County woman loses $1,200 through fake sweepstakes scam Print Email Teresa Dixon Murray, The Plain Dealer By Teresa Dixon Murray, The Plain Dealer The Plain Dealer Email the author | Follow on Twitter on November 08, 2016 at 3:13 PM, updated November 08, 2016 at 3:15 PM comments   CLEVELAND, Ohio -- It was the phone call we'd all love to get. Jo of Lake County last month received a call that she'd won $2.5 million through the Publishers Clearing House sweepstakes. All that she need to do is send $295 to cover the taxes. So she arranged a wire transfer. Then when the gentleman called back the next day, he said he needed $995 more. She asked why he couldn't take the taxes out of her winnings, but agreed to wire transfer the additional $995. It wasn't until he called the third time and demanded $5,000 more that Jo got a really bad feeling. She talked to one of her children. She then called Publishers Clearing House and was told she'd been scammed. In fact, there's been a surge of Northeast Ohio residents who've been suckered by the exact same scam, according to Sue McConnell, president of the Better Business Bureau in Cleveland. Jo, who didn't want her full name used, said she's embarrassed that she fell for the ripoff. On one hand, she does actually buy merchandise from Publishers Clearing House, so she thought she might have won a jackpot. And, she said, the guy "was very convincing." On the other hand, the person who called asked her to do the wire transfer through Walmart. That's not the way taxes are normally paid. Publishers Clearing House told Jo to call the police and the BBB and, if the guy called again, to tell him she wouldn't be sending any more money. He called repeatedly over a period of days and she didn't cave. But she worried the thief might hunt her down at her home, if he knew where she lived. "I was never so scared in my life," she said. McConnell of the BBB said the tales of loss from consumers, who typically are senior citizens, are heart-breaking. "Not a day goes by here when we don't get a call about a phony sweepstakes," McConnell said. These sorts of scams have been around for years. Some involve people posing as IRS agents who calls someone and says the person owes back taxes. Some involve thieves who hack into someone's computer and convince the person the computer has a virus but can be fixed on the spot -- for a fee of perhaps $300. Other thieves call someone and pose as a grandchild who's in trouble and needs money wired immediately. "It often seems like this is old news," McConnell said. "But to someone, this is new. People find (these pitches) to be very believable." McConnell notes that many senior citizens don't report suspected incidents to authorities because either they're embarrassed or they're afraid of losing their financial independence if a relative finds out what happened. Senior citizens are particularly vulnerable to these sorts of ripoffs, McConnell said, because many don't have a lot of social contact and many are reluctant to end a suspicious phone call. "They feel it's rude and nasty and they don't want to just hang up on people." Back in Lake County, Jo wishes she had done something different. She realizes it's unlikely she'll get her $1,200 back. The mechanism she used, Walmart-2-Walmart funds, allows customers to send money that the recipient can pick up at any Walmart store nationwide. In the case of Publishers Clearing House, it should be noted that the company doesn't announce sweepstakes winners by phone and doesn't require any form of payment to receive winnings. For more information about the PCH scam, go to: http://info.pch.com/consumer-information/fraud-protection The BBB offers this advice to detect scams: You can't win a contest you didn't enter. It is illegal to require the payment of any sort of fee or the purchase of any item before getting sweepstakes winnings. If you get a call, letter or email that you won a prize, always ask a friend, a relative or your local BBB office to gut-check the information and sniff out a scam before you take any action.  Never, ever provide personal information, including your Social Security number, bank account number, credit card account number, date of birth or anything else, to a stranger over the phone or online. If you have older relatives or anyone you think may be vulnerable to such a scam, tell them about this Publishers Clearing House scam and other possible efforts to steal their money or con them into revealing personal information.  Check with the BBB at bbb.org/cleveland or call the BBB at 216-241-7678. Report the scam to bbb.org/scamtracker. Top Workplaces Top Workplaces 2016 The 2016 Top Workplaces List Behind the survey: Methodology Business Features Northeast Ohio business and networking events Northeast Ohio commercial real estate news ScamFinder! Protect yourself from common scams Active Discussions Most Read Business news in your inbox Sign up to get our business newsletter twice a day, Mon.-Fri. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Ainsworth Pet Nutrition Donates to Shelter Impacted by Hurricane Matthew PITTSBURGH, Nov. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Ainsworth Pet Nutrition, a manufacturer of Pure Balance® – Walmart’s private brand of super premium pet food – announced today that it will donate more than 260,000 meals of Pure Balance dog food to Saving Animals from Euthanasia (S.A.F.E.) Pet Rescue of St. Augustine, Florida, which was impacted by Hurricane Matthew. S.A.F.E. Pet Rescue is comprised of three adoption centers, two in St. Augustine, and one in Hollister, Florida, located roughly 60 miles southwest St. Augustine.  As Hurricane Matthew approached the Florida coast, S.A.F.E. was forced to evacuate more than 150 dogs and cats to their Hollister location, which was already housing approximately 75 animals.  Despite a lack of electricity and air conditioning and a tense and crowded environment, the organization was able to keep all of their animals safe and dry during the storm, however, the financial impact will be felt for some time. “During times of emergency, keeping our animals safe is always our top priority, however this commitment doesn’t come without cost,” said Robin Kantner Nordan, Founder, S.A.F.E. Pet Rescue.  “The cost of transport, emergency and veterinary fees and 24-hour staffing during the storm were significant.  This generous donation from Ainsworth Pet Nutrition will ease the financial burden of feeding the 195 dogs in our care for quite some time.  We are very grateful.” “At Ainsworth Pet Nutrition, our commitment to helping animals in need goes beyond doing what’s right, it is engrained in who we are as an organization,” said Steve Joyce, Vice President of Marketing for Ainsworth Pet Nutrition.  “When we heard about S.A.F.E. Pet Rescue and what they had been through during Hurricane Matthew, we knew we needed to do something to help.  We are so happy that this donation will be beneficial to the shelter and the animals in their care.” Pure Balance super-premium food for dogs and cats is available exclusively at Walmart.  Each recipe is designed without any corn, wheat or soy and is prepared with carefully selected ingredients like real chicken, carrots, peas, and flaxseed.  Made with natural ingredients with added vitamins and minerals, Pure Balance makes premium pet nutrition available to Walmart shoppers without a special trip to the pet store. The donation will be delivered to the S.A.F.E. Pet Rescue within the next week.  ABOUT AINSWORTH PET NUTRITION Founded in 1933, Ainsworth Pet Nutrition is a fifth generation, primarily family-owned and operated company headquartered in Western Pennsylvania and focused entirely on pets.  With a goal of changing the way consumers shop for Super Premium pet food, Ainsworth’s mantra is “Pet Store Quality.  Supermarket Easy.” They achieve this promise by providing consumers with the high-quality pet food where they currently shop for the rest of their families.  The company makes multiple brands and types of dog and cat food, including the Rachael Ray™ Nutrish® line, as well as Super Premium retailer specific brands.  Ainsworth Pet Nutrition is committed to food safety and prepares all of its dry pet food in the United States using high-quality, natural ingredients with added vitamins and minerals.  To learn more, visit www.ainsworthpets.com. Contact: Samantha Bridger – 724-272-1757 Logo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161108/437164LOGO satprnews.com Author RSS ImportPosted on November 8, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: ARUP Scientist Receives the 2017 Diagnostics Young Investigator by the American Society of Microbiology Next Next post: CBIS CEO, Mr. Dabney Prepares for Exclusive Harvard Medical School Drug Development Briefing as the Nation Votes on a Number of Historic Events Search for: Search Recent Posts Pure Multi-Family REIT LP Announces Release of Third Quarter Financial Results and Conference Call Indian Steel Industry 2016-2020 Global Text-to-speech Education Technology Market 2016-2020 MB Financial, Inc. Approves Dividend on its Common Stock Global Tightening Cream Market 2016-2020 Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
null
Technology Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Black Friday Holiday Gifts     Fiat Chrysler Plans To Stick With Big Cars Until 2020 Posted: Nov 8 2016, 1:16pm CST | by M. Affan, in News | Cars & Vehicles   FCA’s Large Vehicles are here to stay till at least 2020   The LX based RWD cars extended till the end of current decade The famous and bog Dodge Challenger and Dodge Charger are here to stay with us for the next coming four years. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles have recently made the decision to stick with producing these big cars. Don't Miss: Best Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals It was rumored earlier on that these cars will be discontinued soon, however according to the news by Automotive News, these cars are here to stay till at least 2020, according to Automotive News. The information was provided by two unnamed sources who had this inside information and confirmed the details of Fiat’s new contract with Unifor which is Canada’s auto union for labors. The company is planning to refresh the Challenger, and Charger both along with 300 until these vehicles are switched to FCA’s new Giorgio Platform in the future. The Giorgio platform is actually used by Alfa Romeo Giulia and is currently in its use. It is supposed to make way in three new and large American vehicle in the year 2021 as well. It also predicted that FCA will either discontinue Charger or 300 as per these changes in the year 2021.  If we are looking to bid farewell to any vehicle among these three then it’s most likely to be 300. The platform of 300 which is based on LX will be almost 15 years old in the year 2020. Thus it will be the best choice for the company to move forward and to introduce a new one at its place. The Charger was switched from LX platform to LD platform in 2010. On the other hand Challenger was also switched from LC platform to LA platform recently. It is only 300 which was not given any update. Thus we are hoping to see Challenger and Charger in a way after 2020.  You May Like The Author M. Affan M. Affan covers the hottest news that captivate the web today.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Jaguar's First All-Electric SUV I-Pace Revealing is Tomorrow 6 hours ago, 12:07pm CST NextEV Previews its Hypercar Ahead of Next Week Debut 6 hours ago, 12:02pm CST Tesla Model S Base Price Increased by $2000 6 hours ago, 11:18am CST VW Admits Audi Cars Distort Emissions During Tests 7 hours ago, 10:41am CST Nissan Reveals 2017 Versa Note and 2017 Juke Black Pear Edition Before the Official Debuts at LA Auto Show 3 days ago, 3:19pm CST Apple Pay Can Now Be Used for Donations 1 hour ago, 4:56pm CST Soyuz Spacecraft Arrives at Baikonur Launchpad ahead of ISS Mission 2 hours ago, 4:08pm CST Macy's Black Friday 2016 Deals Previewed 4 hours ago, 1:47pm CST U.S. Parents are Spanking their Kids Less Today, Study Finds 4 hours ago, 1:33pm CST Hatchimals and NES Classic Stock Gone Online 4 hours ago, 1:28pm CST Financial Phishing To Increase This Holiday Season 5 hours ago, 12:18pm CST Facebook and Twitter Helped me Win Says Trump 6 hours ago, 12:00pm CST Black Friday Oculus Rift and HTC Vive VR Headset Deals Are Weak 6 hours ago, 11:51am CST The First Cabela's Black Friday 2016 Ad after the Bass Pro Acquisition Is Here 6 hours ago, 11:30am CST Microsoft Black Friday 2016 Deals Announced 7 hours ago, 10:57am CST Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Featured News Black Friday Oculus Rift and HTC Vive VR Headset Deals Are Weak Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   All Black Friday 2016 Deals on Samsung TVs Announced Sam's Club Samsung Saturday Sale on Nov. 19 Announced Cars & Vehicles Jaguar's First All-Electric SUV I-Pace Revealing is Tomorrow 6 hours ago, 12:07pm CST NextEV Previews its Hypercar Ahead of Next Week Debut 6 hours ago, 12:02pm CST Tesla Model S Base Price Increased by $2000 6 hours ago, 11:18am CST VW Admits Audi Cars Distort Emissions During Tests 7 hours ago, 10:41am CST More Cars &amp; Vehicles Stories Latest News Apple Pay Can Now Be Used for Donations 1 hour ago, 4:56pm CST Soyuz Spacecraft Arrives at Baikonur Launchpad ahead of ISS Mission 2 hours ago, 4:08pm CST $299.99 50-inch Samsung UN50J5201AFXZA Smart TV Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Deal 3 hours ago, 2:34pm CST Macy's Black Friday 2016 Deals Previewed 4 hours ago, 1:47pm CST More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the first Black Friday 2016 deals are already on sale as of October 30. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 14439 19 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest A short history lesson on presidents winning without the popular vote 2000 election was the most recent when the candidate who received the greatest number of electoral votes didn’t win the popular vote. Post to Facebook A short history lesson on presidents winning without the popular vote 2000 election was the most recent when the candidate who received the greatest number of electoral votes didn’t win the popular vote.   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2fx5JuZ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 62 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Election Results Election Outlook Latest Election News A short history lesson on presidents winning without the popular vote D'Angelo Gore, FactCheck.org 12:11 p.m. EST November 8, 2016 108k Shares In this Nov. 12, 2000, file photo, fans are dressed as George W. Bush and Al Gore during a Tampa Bay Buccaneers game.  (Photo: Steve Nesius, AP) Q: How many times was a president elected who did not win the popular vote?  A: It has happened four times. The 2000 election was the most recent when the candidate who received the greatest number of electoral votes, and thus won the presidency, didn’t win the popular vote. But this scenario has played out in our nation’s history before. In 1824, John Quincy Adams was elected president despite not winning either the popular vote or the electoral vote. Andrew Jackson was the winner in both categories. Jackson received 38,000 more popular votes than Adams, and beat him in the electoral vote 99 to 84. Despite his victories, Jackson didn’t reach the majority 131 votes needed in the Electoral College to be declared president. In fact, neither candidate did. The decision went to the House of Representatives, which voted Adams into the White House. In 1876, Rutherford B. Hayes won the election (by a margin of one electoral vote), but he lost the popular vote by more than 250,000 ballots to Samuel J. Tilden. In 1888, Benjamin Harrison received 233 electoral votes to Grover Cleveland’s 168, winning the presidency. But Harrison lost the popular vote by more than 90,000 votes. In 2000, George W. Bush was declared the winner of the general election and became the 43rd president, but he didn’t win the popular vote either. Al Gore holds that distinction, garnering about 540,000 more votes than Bush. However, Bush won the electoral vote, 271 to 266. Election coverage from USA TODAY: • Plot Trump's or Clinton's path to 270 electoral votes • See the latest national and state presidential polling averages • Check out poll closing times in each state • Candidate info and ratings for all races FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Elections 2016: Decision day  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. President-elect Donald Trump greets supporters at New York Hilton Midtown on election night.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Fullscreen President-elect Donald Trump speaks to supporters at New York Hilton Midtown on election night.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Fullscreen President-elect Donald Trump greet Vice President-elect Mike Pence as he speaks to supporters at New York Hilton Midtown on election night.   Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Fullscreen President-elect Donald Trump listens as Reince Priebus speaks to supporters at New York Hilton Midtown on election night.   Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Fullscreen President-elect Donald Trump greets his family after speaking to supporters at New York Hilton Midtown on election night.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Fullscreen President-elect Donald Trump greets New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie after speaking to supporters at New York Hilton Midtown on election night.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Fullscreen President-elect Donald Trump and his wife greet supporters after speaking to supporters at New York Hilton Midtown on election night.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Fullscreen Supporters of Republican Party candidate Donald Trump celebrate at New York Hilton Midtown on election night.   Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Fullscreen President-elect Donald Trump waves to supporters at New York Hilton Midtown on election night.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Fullscreen Supporters of Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton react to results at Jacob K. Javits Convention Center on election night.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Supporters of Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton console each other at Jacob K. Javits Convention Center on election night.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen John Podesda addresses supporters of Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton at Jacob K. Javits Convention Center on election night.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Sri Vasamsetti, 22, of Seattle and a supporter of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, watches election coverage Tuesday night at the Comet Tavern in the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Seattle, Washington.  Jason Redmond, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Poll worker Clarice Russell gives out a voting receipt to a voter at a polling place at Shadow Ridge High School on Election Day in Las Vegas, Nevada. Americans across the nation are picking their choice for the next president of the United States.  Ethan Miller, Getty Images Fullscreen Last minute voters cast their ballots shortly before the 7:30 pm closing time at the main library in downtown Cincinnati.  Sam Greene, The Cincinnati Enquirer-USA TODA Fullscreen Voters lined up on election day to place "I voted" stickers on the grave of Susan B. Anthony at Mt. Hope Cemetery.  Max Schulte, Democrat and Chronicle-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Voters cast their ballots at Shadow Ridge High School on Tuesday, in Las Vegas.  Ethan Miller, Getty Images Fullscreen Keymontae Lester, of Pontiac, Mich., proudly wears an election sticker after voting during the United States Presidential election at New Bethel Missionary Baptist Church in Pontiac.  Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen Eric Smith of Lower Windsor Township leaves after voting in the 2016 election at his polling place, Canadochly Evangelical and Reformed Church, in York County, Pa., Tuesday.  Chris Dunn, York Daily Record Fullscreen Daniella Shannon holds the hands of her twin 1-year-old daughters, Ariana Sitchar, left, and Natalia Sitchar, as she goes to vote, Tuesday, at J.P. Taravella High School in Coral Springs, Fla..  Maria Lorenzino, AP Fullscreen Kaleb and Kiersten Partee get a sticker as they leave the polls with their father at the Whitworth Baptist Church.  Lacy Atkins, The Tennessean-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen People wait in line to vote during the presidential election in Jersey City, NJ.  Eduardo Munoz Alvarez, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Lisa Ray walks to vote at the Historic Fifth Street School polling station, Tuesday, in Las Vegas.  Ronda Churchill, AP Fullscreen Rowan County Clerk Kim Davis, right, and County Democratic election representative Kathryn Reeder, count votes at the county courthouse Tuesday, in Morehead, Ky. Davis is the Kentucky clerk who was jailed for refusing to issue marriage licenses to gay couples.  John Flavell, AP Fullscreen Voters stand in a single row to cast their ballots at Holden Year-Round Elementary School in Sterling Heights at Precinct 14 and 15 in Macomb County.  Elaine Cromie, Detroit Free Press-USA TODAY Spo Fullscreen Jose Matus (left) and his daughter, Anna Almanza leave the polling place at the El Tianguis Mercado.  Mark Henle, The Arizona Republic-USA TODAY S Fullscreen People line up to vote at Dendy Recreation Center on Election Day in Philadelphia.  Margo Reed, AP Fullscreen Spellman Bernard Smith, Jr. ,78, steps away from the voting booth at Rosemont Middle School in Norfolk, Va., Tuesday morning, after casting his vote on Election Day. Singing "America The Beautiful" as he leaves the voting place. Smith, a felon, was able to vote for president after having his voting rights were recently restored.  Bill Tiernan, AP Fullscreen A voter casts his ballot at the Denver Elections Division headquarters in Denver, Colorado.  Jason Connoly, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Scott McCabe sits with his dog Steve outside a polling station after voting in the Echo Park neighborhood of Los Angeles. Los Angeles County is currently required to provide the following language assistance for the minority language provisions of the Voting Rights Act (VRA) of 1965 voters, in addition to English: Chinese, Hindi, Japanese, Cambodian/Khmer, Korean, Spanish, Tagalog/Filipino, Thai, Vietnamese.  Damian Dovarganes, AP Fullscreen People make their way to vote at Renaissance Vineyard Church during the 2016 United States presidential elections.  Salwan Georges, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen First-time voter Betsy Antonio, 31, a native of Peru, smiles after successfully casting her ballot in the presidential election at Battle Hill Recreation Room.  Tania Savayan, The Journal News-USA TODAY Sport Fullscreen Maryvale High School students walked out of their schools marching towards polling stations to rally against Maricopa County sheriff Joe Arpaio during an election day.  Nick Oza, The Republic-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Democratic committeeman for the 43rd Ward, 20th Division, Marty Strom looks up on his paperwork which line Lakara Moore and her family should stand in to sign-in to vote at the Bayard Taylor School in Hunting Park, Pa., Nov. 8, 2016. (Clem Murray/ Philadelphia Inquirer via AP) ORG XMIT: PAPHQ201  Clem Murray, AP Fullscreen Barbara Oliver, left, Lynn Knupp, center, and Sharon Steppan, right, greet voters while campaigning outside the precinct at Vanderbilt Presbyterian Church in North Naples Tuesday afternoon.  Darron R. Silva/Special to the N Fullscreen Voters wait in line to sign in and receive their ballot at St. Joesph's Church.  John Meore, The Journal News-USA TODAY Sport Fullscreen Hawaii state Sen. Sam Slom checks in at the Holy Trinity Catholic Church polling place to vote on Tuesday. Slom, the only Republican in Hawaii's state Senate, hopes to hang on to the seat he's held for 20 years despite a challenge from Democrat Stanley Chang.  Audrey McAvoy, AP Fullscreen First time voter Kayla Lingad, left, receives a special certificate from precinct manager Ginger Berry after casting her ballot at Sparks Middle School.  Jason Bean, Reno Gazette Journal-USA TODAY S Fullscreen Trump supporters Wayne Ranow and Lois Lacoste wave to voters arriving at Port St. John Community Center.  Craig Bailey, Florida Today-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Hundreds of voters pay respect to Susan B. Anthony at Mt. Hope Cemetery.  Max Schulte, Democrat and Chronicle-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen A voter came to place her sticker on the grave of Susan B. Anthony at Mt. Hope Cemetery.  Max Schulte, Democrat and Chronicle-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen People walk to the polling place to cast their votes at the St. Wendel Township Hall.  Daivd Schwarz, The St. Cloud Times-USA TODAY Sp Fullscreen Nicole Roberts of Mount Vernon takes a selfie with her daughter Gwyneth Roestenberg, 7, after voting at Lincoln Elementary School.  Tania Savayan, The Journal News-USA TODAY Sport Fullscreen Montebello resident Sabeen Hasan signs in to vote at Suffern Community Center.  John Meore, The Journal News-USA TODAY Sport Fullscreen Keri Husain and his wife Esma Seban enter the Donelson Presbyterian Church.  Lacy Atkins, The Tennessean/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Paul and Brenda Sherf voted at the Allen Park Church of Christ for the 2016 presidential Election. "We voted for Trump, really voting more against Clinton, not thrilled with our choices" said Brenda after casting her ballot.  Jessica J. Trevino, Detroit Free Press/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Five year old Nathan Dhoest waits under a voting booth as his mother fill her ballot at J H Siersma Elementary School.  Salwan Georges, Detroit Free Press-USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Army veteran Lawrence Mobley-Green, 58 of Flint, after voting during the 2016 presidential election at Doyle Ryder Elementary School.  Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Jasmin Ruffin takes literature from Joe Gothie, right, as she and her daughter, Malia Brown, 2, head in to vote at the YMCA.  Kate Penn, York Daily Record/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Jonah Bowe, a 21-year-old freshman from Germantown, Wisc., talks about his support for presidential nominee Donald Trump. He was asked to take off his 'Make America Great Again' hat before voting.  Mike De Sisti, Milwaukee Journal Sentinel/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Voters in Allen Park voted at the Allen Park Church of Christ.  Jessica J. Trevino, Detroit Free Press/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Kanye Upshaw, 3, holds her sticker after her grandmother Elizabeth Upshaw voted this year at the Allen Park Church of Christ.  Jessica J. Trevino, Detroit Free Press/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Residents wait in line to vote at the Salt River Pima-Maricopa Indian Community Center.  Mark Henle, The Arizona Republic/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Sammy Rhodes a 5k student at St. Robert School in Shorewood, proudly wears an 'I Voted' sticker after voting at the school's mock election.  Mike De Sisti, Milwaukee Journal Sentinel/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen The polls opened at 7am but Gloria Ware , left arrived at 5:45am and David Lewis arrived at 6 a.m. to be the first in line to vote at the Frank P. Zeidler Municipal Building on North Broadway in Milwaukee.  Mike De Sisti, Milwaukee Journal Sentinel/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen From left, Mimana Ahmad, 7, Hamdan Ahmad, 9, and Umaina Ahmad, 5, wait on a bench in the lobby as their parents cast their votes at J H Siersma Elementary School.  Salwan Georges, Detroit Free Press-USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Voters look over their ballot before casting their vote at Pearl River Library.  Carucha L. Meuse, The Journal News/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Voters like Ronny Platts, right, waited in the line for about an hour to vote midday at the Newberry Township Fire Co.  Kate Penn, York Daily Record/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Stephanie Marino places her vote in the presidential election at the Mt. Juliet High School.  Lacy Atkins, The Tennessean/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Amina Ahmad, 62, and her husband Nizam Ahmad, 65, cast their vote at J H Siersma Elementary School. Ahmads who are immigrants from Bangladesh has been voting in U.S. elections since 1972.  Salwan Georges, Detroit Free Press-USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Jessie Muldrew of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. encourages people to vote during the 2016 presidential election, on Saginaw Street, in downtown Flint, Mich..  Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Douglas Moyer, 3, sits on his dad Dan Moyer's shoulders as they wait to vote at Starview United Church of Christ in East Manchester Township, Pa.  Kate Penn, York Daily Record/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Sam Kotrba, an 18-year-old freshman at University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, hands his identification to poll workers before voting in his first presidential election at Sandburg Hall.  Mike De Sisti, Milwaukee Journal Sentinel/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Richard Jones, 54, of Flint holds his sticker for voting during the 2016 presidential election.  Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Voters walk to cast their vote at the Robert Mickle Neighborhood Center in Sherman Hill Iowa.  Zach Boyden-Holmes, The Des Moines Register, USA TODAY Network Fullscreen Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump casts his vote on Election Day at PS 59 Nov. 8, 2016 in New York City.  Chip Somodevilla, Getty Images Fullscreen Rick Marino and his wife Stephanie put their "I voted" stickers after voting at the Mt. Juliet High School in Nashville.   Lacy Atkins, The Tennessean, USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen This woman is all smiles after voting at a polling place at a high school in Burke, Va.  Andrew Caballero-Reynolds, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Sen. John McCain and his wife Cindy greet their supporters after casting their ballots at Mountain View Christian Church, in Phoenix, Az.  Nick Oza, The Arizona Republic, USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Conservative groups say they will rely on vice president-elect Mike Pence to advance their agenda in a Trump administration  Kelly Wilkinson, IndyStar, USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Kathy Cramer and her daughter Rosemary dressed up to vote at Thoreau Elementary school in Madison Wi. . Rosemary said she's happy a woman's on the ballot.  Christian Schneider, Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, USA TODAY Network Fullscreen Jillian Paris places an "I Voted" sticker on the headstone of Susan B. Anthony on Election Day in Rochester, NY.   Max Schulte, Democrat and Chronicle, USA TODAY Network Fullscreen Mayllet Paz, a Panamanian immigrant who immigrated to the US and now lives in Burlington, Vt., makes a poster in the parking lot of Walmart in Williston on election day. She is critical of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. As an immigrant, Paz said she is fearful of what the future holds for people like her if Trump wins.   Ryan Mercer, Burlington Free Press, USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Four year old Brooklyn James hides under the voting booth where her mother Krystle James is voting at the Allen Park City Hall in Mi.  Jessica J. Trevino, Detroit Free Press, USA TODAY Newtork Fullscreen Donald Trump arrives at a polling station in New York to cast his ballot.   Robyn Beck, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Former President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton greet the crowd at the Douglas Grafflin Elementary School in Chappaqua, Ny.   Mark Vergari, The Journal News Fullscreen Citizens arrive early to vote at Memorial Presbyterian Church in Appleton, Wi.  Dan Powers, The Post-Crescent, USA TODAY Network Fullscreen Voters wait for the poll to open at the Freestone Recreation Center in Gilbert Az.   Mark Henle, The Arizona Republic, USA TODAY Network Fullscreen Voters mark their ballots on the skating rink at the Over-the-Rhine Recreation Center in Cincinnati, Ohio.   Meg Vogel, The Cincinnati Enquirer, USA TODAY Network Fullscreen Voters wait in line outside a polling location in downtown Atlanta, Ga.  Erik S. Lesser, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Vice President Joe Biden and his wife Dr. Jill Biden kiss while leaving A.I. DuPont High School in Greenville, Del. after they voted.   Jennifer Corbett, The News Journal, USA TODAY Network Fullscreen Jasmine Washington smiles after voting for Hillary Clintonat the Allen Park City Hall in Mi. "I like her experience" said Washington   Jessica J. Trevino, Detroit Free Press, USA TODAY Network Fullscreen Voters line up outside a polling station in Christmas, Fla.  Gregg Newton, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Volunteer Herman Hooks, 89, puts "voting" signs up at the Muscoda Community Center in Bessemer, Ala.   Brynn Anderson, AP Fullscreen Voters wait to enter a polling station in the Brooklyn borough of New York.   Alexander F. Yuan, AP Fullscreen A voter waits in line outside a polling location in Peoria Township near Ottawa, Ks.   Larry W. Smith, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton cookies are on sale at the Oakmont Bakery in Oakmont, Pa. Trump leads the cookie-purchase tally with 63% of the purchases, with a total of 2609 Trump cookies and 1512 Hillary cookies sold as of election day as Americans go to the polls to decide on their next president.   Jeff Swensen, Getty Images Fullscreen A line of voters stretches around the block while waiting to cast their ballots at a polling site in New York.  David Goldman, AP Fullscreen Hillary Clinton waves as she arrives to vote at her polling place in Chappaqua, N.Y.  Seth Wenig, AP Fullscreen People cast their votes at Greenwich High School in Greenwich Ct.   Timothy A. Clary, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Robert Fabian, a retired school teacher, votes at the Su Nueva Lavenderia in Chicago.   Charles Rex Arbogast, AP Fullscreen Virginia residents wait in line in the pre-dawn hours to vote in the the 2016 US presidential election before the polls open at an historic property called the 'Hunter House' at Nottoway Park in Vienna, Virginia.  Jim Lo Scalzo, EPA Fullscreen Howard Brown hugs his son Simon as people line up to vote in the East Boston neighborhood of Boston.   Michael Dwyer, AP Fullscreen Over 150 voters wait in line before the polls opened at the North Cincinnati Community Church in Deerfiled Township, Ohio.   Mark Lyons, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Sample ballots are collected as voters wait for polls to open at the Midwest Genealogy Center Library in Independence, Mo.   Whitney Curtis, Getty Images Fullscreen A voter casts his ballot in a polling place on Election Day November 8.  Alex Wong, Getty Images Fullscreen A line of voters stretches around the block while waiting to cast their ballots at a polling site in New York as One World Trade Center stands at left in the background.  David Goldman, AP Fullscreen Voters line up to vote at a fire station in Indianapolis.  Michael Conroy, AP Fullscreen People wait in a long line to vote in the 2016 US presidential election, at a polling station in Arlington, Virginia.  Michael Reynolds, EPA Fullscreen Adam Fohlen and his son Ari, center left, wait in line outside a polling place at the Nativity School as a poll watcher sits nearby, Tuesday, Nov. 8, 2016, in Cincinnati.  John Minchillo, AP Fullscreen A child sits behind his mom, who is filling out her form at a polling station in the Brooklyn borough of New York.  Alexander F. Yuan, AP Fullscreen A man casts his ballot inside a polling station just after midnight on November 8, 2016 in Dixville Notch, New Hampshire, the first voting to take place in the 2016 US presidential election.  Alice Chiche, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Minerva Trupin places an I Voted sticker on the jacket of Democratic vice presidential candidate US Sen. Tim Kaine, D-Va., after he voted in Richmond, Va., Tuesday, Nov. 8, 2016.  Steve Helber, AP Fullscreen People line up to vote at a fire station, Tuesday, Nov. 8, 2016, in Hoboken, N.J.  Julio Cortez, AP Fullscreen Democratic vice presidential candidate US Sen. Tim Kaine, D-Va., and his wife, Anne Holton greet poll workers as they prepare to vote in Richmond, Va.  Steve Helber, AP Fullscreen Nov 8, 2016; Cincinnati, OH, USA; Last minute voters cast their ballots shortly before the 7:30 pm closing time at the main library in downtown Cincinnati. Mandatory credit: Sam Greene/The Cincinnati Enquirer via USA TODAY NETWORK ORIG FILE ID: 20161108_pjc_usa_067.JPG  Sam Greene, The Cincinnati Enquirer-USA TODA Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 106 2 of 106 3 of 106 4 of 106 5 of 106 6 of 106 7 of 106 8 of 106 9 of 106 10 of 106 11 of 106 12 of 106 13 of 106 14 of 106 15 of 106 16 of 106 17 of 106 18 of 106 19 of 106 20 of 106 21 of 106 22 of 106 23 of 106 24 of 106 25 of 106 26 of 106 27 of 106 28 of 106 29 of 106 30 of 106 31 of 106 32 of 106 33 of 106 34 of 106 35 of 106 36 of 106 37 of 106 38 of 106 39 of 106 40 of 106 41 of 106 42 of 106 43 of 106 44 of 106 45 of 106 46 of 106 47 of 106 48 of 106 49 of 106 50 of 106 51 of 106 52 of 106 53 of 106 54 of 106 55 of 106 56 of 106 57 of 106 58 of 106 59 of 106 60 of 106 61 of 106 62 of 106 63 of 106 64 of 106 65 of 106 66 of 106 67 of 106 68 of 106 69 of 106 70 of 106 71 of 106 72 of 106 73 of 106 74 of 106 75 of 106 76 of 106 77 of 106 78 of 106 79 of 106 80 of 106 81 of 106 82 of 106 83 of 106 84 of 106 85 of 106 86 of 106 87 of 106 88 of 106 89 of 106 90 of 106 91 of 106 92 of 106 93 of 106 94 of 106 95 of 106 96 of 106 97 of 106 98 of 106 99 of 106 100 of 106 101 of 106 102 of 106 103 of 106 104 of 106 105 of 106 106 of 106 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2fx5JuZ Most Popular Stephen Bannon's appointment met with criticism 8.4k Shares Would Bernie Sanders have defeated Donald Trump? 97k Shares If Clinton wins popular vote, expect calls to kill Electoral College 29k Shares Corey Lewandowski resigns from CNN after visit to Trump Tower 6.5k Shares Here is Donald Trump's first tweet as president-elect 27k Shares What's Mike Pence hiding in his emails? 9.5k Shares
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 4025 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest People are asking Google: Who is on my ballot? Who is Taylor Swift voting for? Election Day is all about the issues, like who is Taylor Swift voting for? And, who is running again? Post to Facebook People are asking Google: Who is on my ballot? Who is Taylor Swift voting for? Election Day is all about the issues, like who is Taylor Swift voting for? And, who is running again?  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2fcVldb {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 9 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Election Results Election Outlook Latest Election News People are asking Google: Who is on my ballot? Who is Taylor Swift voting for? Ashley May , USA TODAY 4:26 p.m. EST November 8, 2016 1.5k Shares People really want to know who Taylor Swift is voting for.  (Photo: SUZANNE CORDEIRO, AFP/Getty Images) Election Day is all about the issues, like who is Taylor Swift voting for? And, who is running again? Hopefully, Americans know Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are candidates for president, but who can be sure, according to recent Google Trends data. The No. 1 question people have googled in the last few hours is: Who is on my ballot? Other popular questions: Where do I vote? What time do polls open? What time will the President be announced? What do I need to bring to vote? USA TODAY These Election Day hashtags will generate emojis on Twitter When looking at searches of “Who is ____ voting for," these names are the most popular: Taylor Swift Monica Lewinsky George Bush Al Gore Mitt Romney If Google search is any indicator of the next president, Clinton is pulling ahead. As of this morning, Clinton has 51% of search interest compared to Trump’s 49%. Trump was pulling ahead in Michigan, Ohio and Nevada while Clinton topped searches in Florida, North Carolina and Texas, Google Trends reports. On the flip side, search interest in "Republican" is 173% higher than search interest in “Democrat." Visit the Google Trends map to see in real-time what issues people are searching for this Election Day. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Elections 2016: Decision day  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. President-elect Donald Trump greets supporters at New York Hilton Midtown on election night.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Fullscreen President-elect Donald Trump speaks to supporters at New York Hilton Midtown on election night.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Fullscreen President-elect Donald Trump greet Vice President-elect Mike Pence as he speaks to supporters at New York Hilton Midtown on election night.   Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Fullscreen President-elect Donald Trump listens as Reince Priebus speaks to supporters at New York Hilton Midtown on election night.   Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Fullscreen President-elect Donald Trump greets his family after speaking to supporters at New York Hilton Midtown on election night.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Fullscreen President-elect Donald Trump greets New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie after speaking to supporters at New York Hilton Midtown on election night.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Fullscreen President-elect Donald Trump and his wife greet supporters after speaking to supporters at New York Hilton Midtown on election night.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Fullscreen Supporters of Republican Party candidate Donald Trump celebrate at New York Hilton Midtown on election night.   Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Fullscreen President-elect Donald Trump waves to supporters at New York Hilton Midtown on election night.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Fullscreen Supporters of Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton react to results at Jacob K. Javits Convention Center on election night.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Supporters of Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton console each other at Jacob K. Javits Convention Center on election night.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen John Podesda addresses supporters of Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton at Jacob K. Javits Convention Center on election night.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Sri Vasamsetti, 22, of Seattle and a supporter of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, watches election coverage Tuesday night at the Comet Tavern in the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Seattle, Washington.  Jason Redmond, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Poll worker Clarice Russell gives out a voting receipt to a voter at a polling place at Shadow Ridge High School on Election Day in Las Vegas, Nevada. Americans across the nation are picking their choice for the next president of the United States.  Ethan Miller, Getty Images Fullscreen Last minute voters cast their ballots shortly before the 7:30 pm closing time at the main library in downtown Cincinnati.  Sam Greene, The Cincinnati Enquirer-USA TODA Fullscreen Voters lined up on election day to place "I voted" stickers on the grave of Susan B. Anthony at Mt. Hope Cemetery.  Max Schulte, Democrat and Chronicle-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Voters cast their ballots at Shadow Ridge High School on Tuesday, in Las Vegas.  Ethan Miller, Getty Images Fullscreen Keymontae Lester, of Pontiac, Mich., proudly wears an election sticker after voting during the United States Presidential election at New Bethel Missionary Baptist Church in Pontiac.  Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen Eric Smith of Lower Windsor Township leaves after voting in the 2016 election at his polling place, Canadochly Evangelical and Reformed Church, in York County, Pa., Tuesday.  Chris Dunn, York Daily Record Fullscreen Daniella Shannon holds the hands of her twin 1-year-old daughters, Ariana Sitchar, left, and Natalia Sitchar, as she goes to vote, Tuesday, at J.P. Taravella High School in Coral Springs, Fla..  Maria Lorenzino, AP Fullscreen Kaleb and Kiersten Partee get a sticker as they leave the polls with their father at the Whitworth Baptist Church.  Lacy Atkins, The Tennessean-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen People wait in line to vote during the presidential election in Jersey City, NJ.  Eduardo Munoz Alvarez, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Lisa Ray walks to vote at the Historic Fifth Street School polling station, Tuesday, in Las Vegas.  Ronda Churchill, AP Fullscreen Rowan County Clerk Kim Davis, right, and County Democratic election representative Kathryn Reeder, count votes at the county courthouse Tuesday, in Morehead, Ky. Davis is the Kentucky clerk who was jailed for refusing to issue marriage licenses to gay couples.  John Flavell, AP Fullscreen Voters stand in a single row to cast their ballots at Holden Year-Round Elementary School in Sterling Heights at Precinct 14 and 15 in Macomb County.  Elaine Cromie, Detroit Free Press-USA TODAY Spo Fullscreen Jose Matus (left) and his daughter, Anna Almanza leave the polling place at the El Tianguis Mercado.  Mark Henle, The Arizona Republic-USA TODAY S Fullscreen People line up to vote at Dendy Recreation Center on Election Day in Philadelphia.  Margo Reed, AP Fullscreen Spellman Bernard Smith, Jr. ,78, steps away from the voting booth at Rosemont Middle School in Norfolk, Va., Tuesday morning, after casting his vote on Election Day. Singing "America The Beautiful" as he leaves the voting place. Smith, a felon, was able to vote for president after having his voting rights were recently restored.  Bill Tiernan, AP Fullscreen A voter casts his ballot at the Denver Elections Division headquarters in Denver, Colorado.  Jason Connoly, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Scott McCabe sits with his dog Steve outside a polling station after voting in the Echo Park neighborhood of Los Angeles. Los Angeles County is currently required to provide the following language assistance for the minority language provisions of the Voting Rights Act (VRA) of 1965 voters, in addition to English: Chinese, Hindi, Japanese, Cambodian/Khmer, Korean, Spanish, Tagalog/Filipino, Thai, Vietnamese.  Damian Dovarganes, AP Fullscreen People make their way to vote at Renaissance Vineyard Church during the 2016 United States presidential elections.  Salwan Georges, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen First-time voter Betsy Antonio, 31, a native of Peru, smiles after successfully casting her ballot in the presidential election at Battle Hill Recreation Room.  Tania Savayan, The Journal News-USA TODAY Sport Fullscreen Maryvale High School students walked out of their schools marching towards polling stations to rally against Maricopa County sheriff Joe Arpaio during an election day.  Nick Oza, The Republic-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Democratic committeeman for the 43rd Ward, 20th Division, Marty Strom looks up on his paperwork which line Lakara Moore and her family should stand in to sign-in to vote at the Bayard Taylor School in Hunting Park, Pa., Nov. 8, 2016. (Clem Murray/ Philadelphia Inquirer via AP) ORG XMIT: PAPHQ201  Clem Murray, AP Fullscreen Barbara Oliver, left, Lynn Knupp, center, and Sharon Steppan, right, greet voters while campaigning outside the precinct at Vanderbilt Presbyterian Church in North Naples Tuesday afternoon.  Darron R. Silva/Special to the N Fullscreen Voters wait in line to sign in and receive their ballot at St. Joesph's Church.  John Meore, The Journal News-USA TODAY Sport Fullscreen Hawaii state Sen. Sam Slom checks in at the Holy Trinity Catholic Church polling place to vote on Tuesday. Slom, the only Republican in Hawaii's state Senate, hopes to hang on to the seat he's held for 20 years despite a challenge from Democrat Stanley Chang.  Audrey McAvoy, AP Fullscreen First time voter Kayla Lingad, left, receives a special certificate from precinct manager Ginger Berry after casting her ballot at Sparks Middle School.  Jason Bean, Reno Gazette Journal-USA TODAY S Fullscreen Trump supporters Wayne Ranow and Lois Lacoste wave to voters arriving at Port St. John Community Center.  Craig Bailey, Florida Today-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Hundreds of voters pay respect to Susan B. Anthony at Mt. Hope Cemetery.  Max Schulte, Democrat and Chronicle-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen A voter came to place her sticker on the grave of Susan B. Anthony at Mt. Hope Cemetery.  Max Schulte, Democrat and Chronicle-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen People walk to the polling place to cast their votes at the St. Wendel Township Hall.  Daivd Schwarz, The St. Cloud Times-USA TODAY Sp Fullscreen Nicole Roberts of Mount Vernon takes a selfie with her daughter Gwyneth Roestenberg, 7, after voting at Lincoln Elementary School.  Tania Savayan, The Journal News-USA TODAY Sport Fullscreen Montebello resident Sabeen Hasan signs in to vote at Suffern Community Center.  John Meore, The Journal News-USA TODAY Sport Fullscreen Keri Husain and his wife Esma Seban enter the Donelson Presbyterian Church.  Lacy Atkins, The Tennessean/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Paul and Brenda Sherf voted at the Allen Park Church of Christ for the 2016 presidential Election. "We voted for Trump, really voting more against Clinton, not thrilled with our choices" said Brenda after casting her ballot.  Jessica J. Trevino, Detroit Free Press/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Five year old Nathan Dhoest waits under a voting booth as his mother fill her ballot at J H Siersma Elementary School.  Salwan Georges, Detroit Free Press-USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Army veteran Lawrence Mobley-Green, 58 of Flint, after voting during the 2016 presidential election at Doyle Ryder Elementary School.  Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Jasmin Ruffin takes literature from Joe Gothie, right, as she and her daughter, Malia Brown, 2, head in to vote at the YMCA.  Kate Penn, York Daily Record/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Jonah Bowe, a 21-year-old freshman from Germantown, Wisc., talks about his support for presidential nominee Donald Trump. He was asked to take off his 'Make America Great Again' hat before voting.  Mike De Sisti, Milwaukee Journal Sentinel/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Voters in Allen Park voted at the Allen Park Church of Christ.  Jessica J. Trevino, Detroit Free Press/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Kanye Upshaw, 3, holds her sticker after her grandmother Elizabeth Upshaw voted this year at the Allen Park Church of Christ.  Jessica J. Trevino, Detroit Free Press/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Residents wait in line to vote at the Salt River Pima-Maricopa Indian Community Center.  Mark Henle, The Arizona Republic/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Sammy Rhodes a 5k student at St. Robert School in Shorewood, proudly wears an 'I Voted' sticker after voting at the school's mock election.  Mike De Sisti, Milwaukee Journal Sentinel/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen The polls opened at 7am but Gloria Ware , left arrived at 5:45am and David Lewis arrived at 6 a.m. to be the first in line to vote at the Frank P. Zeidler Municipal Building on North Broadway in Milwaukee.  Mike De Sisti, Milwaukee Journal Sentinel/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen From left, Mimana Ahmad, 7, Hamdan Ahmad, 9, and Umaina Ahmad, 5, wait on a bench in the lobby as their parents cast their votes at J H Siersma Elementary School.  Salwan Georges, Detroit Free Press-USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Voters look over their ballot before casting their vote at Pearl River Library.  Carucha L. Meuse, The Journal News/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Voters like Ronny Platts, right, waited in the line for about an hour to vote midday at the Newberry Township Fire Co.  Kate Penn, York Daily Record/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Stephanie Marino places her vote in the presidential election at the Mt. Juliet High School.  Lacy Atkins, The Tennessean/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Amina Ahmad, 62, and her husband Nizam Ahmad, 65, cast their vote at J H Siersma Elementary School. Ahmads who are immigrants from Bangladesh has been voting in U.S. elections since 1972.  Salwan Georges, Detroit Free Press-USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Jessie Muldrew of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. encourages people to vote during the 2016 presidential election, on Saginaw Street, in downtown Flint, Mich..  Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Douglas Moyer, 3, sits on his dad Dan Moyer's shoulders as they wait to vote at Starview United Church of Christ in East Manchester Township, Pa.  Kate Penn, York Daily Record/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Sam Kotrba, an 18-year-old freshman at University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, hands his identification to poll workers before voting in his first presidential election at Sandburg Hall.  Mike De Sisti, Milwaukee Journal Sentinel/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Richard Jones, 54, of Flint holds his sticker for voting during the 2016 presidential election.  Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press/USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Voters walk to cast their vote at the Robert Mickle Neighborhood Center in Sherman Hill Iowa.  Zach Boyden-Holmes, The Des Moines Register, USA TODAY Network Fullscreen Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump casts his vote on Election Day at PS 59 Nov. 8, 2016 in New York City.  Chip Somodevilla, Getty Images Fullscreen Rick Marino and his wife Stephanie put their "I voted" stickers after voting at the Mt. Juliet High School in Nashville.   Lacy Atkins, The Tennessean, USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen This woman is all smiles after voting at a polling place at a high school in Burke, Va.  Andrew Caballero-Reynolds, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Sen. John McCain and his wife Cindy greet their supporters after casting their ballots at Mountain View Christian Church, in Phoenix, Az.  Nick Oza, The Arizona Republic, USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Conservative groups say they will rely on vice president-elect Mike Pence to advance their agenda in a Trump administration  Kelly Wilkinson, IndyStar, USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Kathy Cramer and her daughter Rosemary dressed up to vote at Thoreau Elementary school in Madison Wi. . Rosemary said she's happy a woman's on the ballot.  Christian Schneider, Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, USA TODAY Network Fullscreen Jillian Paris places an "I Voted" sticker on the headstone of Susan B. Anthony on Election Day in Rochester, NY.   Max Schulte, Democrat and Chronicle, USA TODAY Network Fullscreen Mayllet Paz, a Panamanian immigrant who immigrated to the US and now lives in Burlington, Vt., makes a poster in the parking lot of Walmart in Williston on election day. She is critical of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. As an immigrant, Paz said she is fearful of what the future holds for people like her if Trump wins.   Ryan Mercer, Burlington Free Press, USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Four year old Brooklyn James hides under the voting booth where her mother Krystle James is voting at the Allen Park City Hall in Mi.  Jessica J. Trevino, Detroit Free Press, USA TODAY Newtork Fullscreen Donald Trump arrives at a polling station in New York to cast his ballot.   Robyn Beck, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Former President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton greet the crowd at the Douglas Grafflin Elementary School in Chappaqua, Ny.   Mark Vergari, The Journal News Fullscreen Citizens arrive early to vote at Memorial Presbyterian Church in Appleton, Wi.  Dan Powers, The Post-Crescent, USA TODAY Network Fullscreen Voters wait for the poll to open at the Freestone Recreation Center in Gilbert Az.   Mark Henle, The Arizona Republic, USA TODAY Network Fullscreen Voters mark their ballots on the skating rink at the Over-the-Rhine Recreation Center in Cincinnati, Ohio.   Meg Vogel, The Cincinnati Enquirer, USA TODAY Network Fullscreen Voters wait in line outside a polling location in downtown Atlanta, Ga.  Erik S. Lesser, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Vice President Joe Biden and his wife Dr. Jill Biden kiss while leaving A.I. DuPont High School in Greenville, Del. after they voted.   Jennifer Corbett, The News Journal, USA TODAY Network Fullscreen Jasmine Washington smiles after voting for Hillary Clintonat the Allen Park City Hall in Mi. "I like her experience" said Washington   Jessica J. Trevino, Detroit Free Press, USA TODAY Network Fullscreen Voters line up outside a polling station in Christmas, Fla.  Gregg Newton, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Volunteer Herman Hooks, 89, puts "voting" signs up at the Muscoda Community Center in Bessemer, Ala.   Brynn Anderson, AP Fullscreen Voters wait to enter a polling station in the Brooklyn borough of New York.   Alexander F. Yuan, AP Fullscreen A voter waits in line outside a polling location in Peoria Township near Ottawa, Ks.   Larry W. Smith, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton cookies are on sale at the Oakmont Bakery in Oakmont, Pa. Trump leads the cookie-purchase tally with 63% of the purchases, with a total of 2609 Trump cookies and 1512 Hillary cookies sold as of election day as Americans go to the polls to decide on their next president.   Jeff Swensen, Getty Images Fullscreen A line of voters stretches around the block while waiting to cast their ballots at a polling site in New York.  David Goldman, AP Fullscreen Hillary Clinton waves as she arrives to vote at her polling place in Chappaqua, N.Y.  Seth Wenig, AP Fullscreen People cast their votes at Greenwich High School in Greenwich Ct.   Timothy A. Clary, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Robert Fabian, a retired school teacher, votes at the Su Nueva Lavenderia in Chicago.   Charles Rex Arbogast, AP Fullscreen Virginia residents wait in line in the pre-dawn hours to vote in the the 2016 US presidential election before the polls open at an historic property called the 'Hunter House' at Nottoway Park in Vienna, Virginia.  Jim Lo Scalzo, EPA Fullscreen Howard Brown hugs his son Simon as people line up to vote in the East Boston neighborhood of Boston.   Michael Dwyer, AP Fullscreen Over 150 voters wait in line before the polls opened at the North Cincinnati Community Church in Deerfiled Township, Ohio.   Mark Lyons, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Sample ballots are collected as voters wait for polls to open at the Midwest Genealogy Center Library in Independence, Mo.   Whitney Curtis, Getty Images Fullscreen A voter casts his ballot in a polling place on Election Day November 8.  Alex Wong, Getty Images Fullscreen A line of voters stretches around the block while waiting to cast their ballots at a polling site in New York as One World Trade Center stands at left in the background.  David Goldman, AP Fullscreen Voters line up to vote at a fire station in Indianapolis.  Michael Conroy, AP Fullscreen People wait in a long line to vote in the 2016 US presidential election, at a polling station in Arlington, Virginia.  Michael Reynolds, EPA Fullscreen Adam Fohlen and his son Ari, center left, wait in line outside a polling place at the Nativity School as a poll watcher sits nearby, Tuesday, Nov. 8, 2016, in Cincinnati.  John Minchillo, AP Fullscreen A child sits behind his mom, who is filling out her form at a polling station in the Brooklyn borough of New York.  Alexander F. Yuan, AP Fullscreen A man casts his ballot inside a polling station just after midnight on November 8, 2016 in Dixville Notch, New Hampshire, the first voting to take place in the 2016 US presidential election.  Alice Chiche, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Minerva Trupin places an I Voted sticker on the jacket of Democratic vice presidential candidate US Sen. Tim Kaine, D-Va., after he voted in Richmond, Va., Tuesday, Nov. 8, 2016.  Steve Helber, AP Fullscreen People line up to vote at a fire station, Tuesday, Nov. 8, 2016, in Hoboken, N.J.  Julio Cortez, AP Fullscreen Democratic vice presidential candidate US Sen. Tim Kaine, D-Va., and his wife, Anne Holton greet poll workers as they prepare to vote in Richmond, Va.  Steve Helber, AP Fullscreen Nov 8, 2016; Cincinnati, OH, USA; Last minute voters cast their ballots shortly before the 7:30 pm closing time at the main library in downtown Cincinnati. Mandatory credit: Sam Greene/The Cincinnati Enquirer via USA TODAY NETWORK ORIG FILE ID: 20161108_pjc_usa_067.JPG  Sam Greene, The Cincinnati Enquirer-USA TODA Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 106 2 of 106 3 of 106 4 of 106 5 of 106 6 of 106 7 of 106 8 of 106 9 of 106 10 of 106 11 of 106 12 of 106 13 of 106 14 of 106 15 of 106 16 of 106 17 of 106 18 of 106 19 of 106 20 of 106 21 of 106 22 of 106 23 of 106 24 of 106 25 of 106 26 of 106 27 of 106 28 of 106 29 of 106 30 of 106 31 of 106 32 of 106 33 of 106 34 of 106 35 of 106 36 of 106 37 of 106 38 of 106 39 of 106 40 of 106 41 of 106 42 of 106 43 of 106 44 of 106 45 of 106 46 of 106 47 of 106 48 of 106 49 of 106 50 of 106 51 of 106 52 of 106 53 of 106 54 of 106 55 of 106 56 of 106 57 of 106 58 of 106 59 of 106 60 of 106 61 of 106 62 of 106 63 of 106 64 of 106 65 of 106 66 of 106 67 of 106 68 of 106 69 of 106 70 of 106 71 of 106 72 of 106 73 of 106 74 of 106 75 of 106 76 of 106 77 of 106 78 of 106 79 of 106 80 of 106 81 of 106 82 of 106 83 of 106 84 of 106 85 of 106 86 of 106 87 of 106 88 of 106 89 of 106 90 of 106 91 of 106 92 of 106 93 of 106 94 of 106 95 of 106 96 of 106 97 of 106 98 of 106 99 of 106 100 of 106 101 of 106 102 of 106 103 of 106 104 of 106 105 of 106 106 of 106 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Follow Ashley May on Twitter: @ashleymaytweets Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2fcVldb Most Popular If Clinton wins popular vote, expect calls to kill Electoral College 29k Shares Trump speaks with Putin by phone 967 Shares Stephen Bannon's appointment met with criticism 8.4k Shares People are changing their profile pictures to black in protest of Trump 4.2k Shares Megyn Kelly takes issue with 'NYT' book review 307k Shares Here is Donald Trump's first tweet as president-elect 27k Shares
null
Nearby: Blue Valley Post Shawnee Mission Post - Neighborhood news and events for northeast Johnson County About Obits Events Sports Advertise Local Businesses Columns: Your Home Shawnee Mission Health Update Spaces for Life Mortgage 101 NEJC Chamber Estate Planning KC Facebook Twitter RSS Email Roeland Park looking at removing traffic signals along Roe Blvd. Posted by Jay Senter  · November 8, 2016 11:42 am · Comments Tweet Roe Boulevard cuts through the heart of the Roeland Park commercial district. By Holly Cook Roeland Park city council members on Monday heard recommendations to improve traffic flow in the section of Roe Boulevard from W. 48th Street to W. 52nd Street. CVS, Walmart, Price Chopper and Walgreens are among the business located along this .4 mile stretch of Roe Boulevard that contains five traffic signals. FROM OUR SPONSORS: The traffic study recommended removing signals at Bella Roe Plaza/Walgreen’s and Roe Boulevard and at W. 52nd Street and Roe Boulevard. Removing and redirecting through and left-turn movement on from the east and west legs of the Bella Roe Plaza/Walgreen’s intersection was also recommended. Following these changes the remaining three traffic signals would need timing updates and improvements. Approximately 34,875 people travel through the Roe Boulevard corridor each day. The proposed changes are expected to decrease the total amount of stops for vehicles during peak hours by 450 and save 10.7 hours in total travel time. The report, conducted by engineering firm Shafer, Kline, and Warren, is meant to be incorporated into the larger discussion to rebuild Roe Boulevard in 2020. Director of Public Works Jose Leon said the most frequent complaint he hears is that there are too many traffic signals on Roe Boulevard. Leon said the traffic study was “long overdue.” City Administrator Keith Moody also said the city has received significant feedback on the amount of time it takes to use Roe Boulevard as a commuter route. Moody said he expected the recommendations would spur community discussions. “We realize this is something that will be political,” he said. Engineer Cheryl Bornheimer said the traffic signal at W. 52nd Street was initially meant to facilitate an easier entrance and exit for large trucks but that the report found the light was mostly being used by passenger cars. Councilmember Michael Rhoades asked if the traffic signals being removed could be repurposed for the redevelopment plan at Roeland Park’s old pool site. City staff responded that could be discussed. The traffic lights targeted for removal are owned by KCP&L and the city may need to pay a fine to have them removed since they were placed so recently, Moody said. Councilmember Teresa Kelly said she would like councilors to consider all types of transportation, including biking and walking, when discussing Roe Boulevard improvements. Monday’s presentation was solely for informational purposes. City staff said the next step is to initiate determining the scope and cost of the recommendations. FROM OUR SPONSORS: Comment Categories : Roeland Park, Traffic Previous Post Next Post Comments Comments Related Roeland Park looking for help to stand out in the crowd Roeland Park administrators say requirement to screen trash bins is too difficult to enforce Roeland Park in discussions with potential tenants for old pool site Spotlight on Local Rowan Property Management Rowan Property Management is a full-service property management company, handling single & multi-family homes, condominium complexes, and apartment buildings throughout the greater Kansas City Metropolitan area. We offer skilled, licensed… more. Local Businesses & Organizations Local Business Updates Recent Obituaries Douglas James Russell, Jr., 27 Ira “Bo” East, 90 Frampton Theodore “Ted” Rowland III, 52 James Robin Pyle, 75 Rebecca Sue Vollmer, 67 Subscribe to our mailing list * indicates required Email Address * First Name * Last Name * Zip Code * Tweets by shawmissionpost Follow @shawmissionpost Archives Archives Select Month November 2016  (76) October 2016  (167) September 2016  (177) August 2016  (170) July 2016  (141) June 2016  (163) May 2016  (174) April 2016  (173) March 2016  (183) February 2016  (168) January 2016  (148) December 2015  (150) November 2015  (141) October 2015  (161) September 2015  (156) August 2015  (131) July 2015  (149) June 2015  (141) May 2015  (131) April 2015  (148) March 2015  (146) February 2015  (140) January 2015  (142) December 2014  (147) November 2014  (137) October 2014  (168) September 2014  (144) August 2014  (144) July 2014  (151) June 2014  (143) May 2014  (158) April 2014  (149) March 2014  (122) February 2014  (112) January 2014  (115) December 2013  (98) November 2013  (103) October 2013  (114) September 2013  (126) August 2013  (133) July 2013  (113) June 2013  (111) May 2013  (131) April 2013  (115) March 2013  (115) February 2013  (112) January 2013  (112) December 2012  (86) November 2012  (108) October 2012  (117) September 2012  (108) August 2012  (103) July 2012  (84) June 2012  (81) May 2012  (80) April 2012  (69) March 2012  (78) February 2012  (73) January 2012  (79) December 2011  (81) November 2011  (83) October 2011  (84) September 2011  (79) August 2011  (78) July 2011  (71) June 2011  (75) May 2011  (74) April 2011  (73) March 2011  (86) February 2011  (75) January 2011  (69) December 2010  (92) November 2010  (85) October 2010  (78) September 2010  (55) August 2010  (42) July 2010  (59) June 2010  (30) PVPost Home About Events Local Business Directory Advertise on the Shawnee Mission Post CONTACT US Commenting Policy – Privacy Policy © 2016 Post Publishing, Inc. Want to share news with us? Call 913-626-6273 or email stories@pvpost.com. All rights reserved. No photos published on this site may be used without the explicit written permission of Post Publishing, Inc.

NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Gymnastics Girls Volleyball Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Softball Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Sponsored Blogs Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Pennsville Walmart evacuated after reported gas leak Print Email Bill Gallo Jr. | For NJ.com By Bill Gallo Jr. | For NJ.com Today's Sunbeam Email the author | Follow on Twitter on November 08, 2016 at 9:44 AM comments PENNSVILLE TWP. — A possible natural gas leak prompted the evacuation of the Walmart Tuesday morning, authorities said. The incident was first reported shortly after 8:30 a.m. Local fire companies were dispatched to the scene at 709 South Broadway. Reports said there was the odor of gas around the building. The building was evacuated as a precaution and people remained outside as of 9:30 a.m., authorities said. Officials were awaiting the arrival of gas company representatives. Bill Gallo Jr. may be reached at bgallo@njadvancemedia.com. Follow Bill Gallo Jr. on Twitter @bgallojr. Find NJ.com on Facebook.   Most Read Photos from South Jersey Times N.J. News In Your Inbox From local news to politics to entertainment and sports, the twice daily Right Now eNewsletter has all of the New Jersey news you need! Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Subscribe | Sign in. 54° Fair See complete forecast Search menu Advanced Search Archives Site map Submit a photo News Today's news Weather Local news Town Talk Lights & Sirens Old Home Town Events Obituaries City hall Business State & regional Kansas government Crime, fire & courts Legal Announcements Schools & education First Bell KU news Heard on the Hill Haskell Couples Births Sound off Statehouse Live Sports KUsports Haskell Royals Chiefs Sporting KC High school Professional Columns KU Today Events Health Entertainment Living Faith Food Travel Home & Garden Pets Volunteers Events Health Opinion Staff blogs Editorials Letters to the editor Saturday column On the street Discussion/Forums Your turn Local columns Syndicated columns Submit your letter Multimedia Videos Photo galleries Audio slide shows Submit a photo Help Subscribe Social media directory Contact us Email & Text alerts Advanced search Submit a photo Submit a news item Emergency resources Username FAQ's Business Directory Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Apartments Deals Coupons Circulars LJWorld.com weblogs Town Talk On this most American of days, an update on new restaurants serving the most American of foods: pizza and burritos Posted by Chad Lawhorn November 8, 2016 at 10:09 a.m. Advertisement This was discouraging. I asked my 13-year old son last night how he thought the election would go. His answer: Bad — somebody is going to win. Of all the things this election will impact, I wonder if apathy levels of a future generation of voters are among them. Oh well, at least I have local news about two of the most American of foods: pizza and burritos. Spin! Pizza has announced it will open the doors of its new west Lawrence location on Monday. (Is it appropriate I have news of a restaurant called Spin! on election day?) We have reported on the restaurant several times. It will open in a new commercial building just east of the Wal-Mart near Sixth and Wakarusa. It will be next door to another new establishment, the Blue Moose Bar & Grill. Spin! got its start in Kansas City, and the menu was developed by Michael Smith, a James Beard award winning chef. Pizza, of course, is the featured item of the menu, but it also includes antipasti (not to be confused with antipasta, which is a position that is sure to hurt you in every poll), fresh soups, sandwiches and some Green Party creation called “salads.” The dessert menu also features something called creamy “piccolo” gelato, which is my second favorite kind of gelato. (Creamy tuba gelato is my favorite.) In case you are curious, I think piccolo refers to the 4 oz serving size. As for the pizza, it is Neapolitan style, which means a thin crust. The restaurant, however, isn’t thin on toppings to put atop the crust. In addition to all your standard pizza toppings, the menu also includes items like shrimp scampi, goat cheese, arugula, glazed pecans, pesto, and even fig marmalade, for when you get that craving. Lawrence’s Spin! will be owned by area businessman Brent Boles. He has decided to have the restaurant participate in a program called Token for your Kindness. The program involves giving elementary school teachers and coaches tokens that they can then give out to students who they see are doing something kind. Each token can be redeemed for a mini pizza and gelato. “We have made it our mission to help generate kindness in Lawrence,” Boles said in a release. “With this in mind, we decided to start in our classrooms and on the playing field/court.” • I also have burrito news. Qdoba opened its Lawrence restaurant on Monday. As we have reported, the restaurant is located just west of 23rd and Ousdahl in the spot that formerly housed a Kwik Shop. It is the only Lawrence restaurant for the chain, although it once briefly operated in downtown Lawrence. Remember where? It is where Ingredient is now located, which of course, serves thin crusts pizza, sandwiches, salads and soups. (The food universe works in mysterious ways — and, in the process, usually ruins three of my ties a week with pizza sauce or salsa.) As for Qdoba, I assume most of you already are familiar with the chain. It is similar to Chipoltle, but has a broader menu. In addition to the Mexican wraps and bowls, it also has tacos, nachos, quesdillas, and soups and salads served in crispy bowls you can eat. The new Qdoba restaurant on 23rd Street in Lawrence. by Chad Lawhorn Print Comment E-mail to a friend Facebook Tweet LinkedIn StumbleUpon Google + Tumblr Wordpress Reddit Copy and paste the link: Comments Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Sign in to comment Login/Signup Reply Tags Spin Pizza Qdoba Marketplace Quality Electric Inc 785-843-9211 Find more businesses on Marketplace Arts & Entertainment · Bars · Theatres · Restaurants · Coffeehouses · Libraries · Antiques · Services Most discussed Most e-mailed Oread Neighborhood Design Guidelines head for final approval November 14, 2016 · 1 comment Lawrence City Commission to consider new incentive for startups, changes to agreement with The Chamber November 14, 2016 · 2 comments Several hundred protest President-elect Trump in downtown Lawrence November 12, 2016 · 90 comments Observers worry Trump campaign's disdain for civility could leave lasting damage November 14, 2016 · 10 comments Opinion: It's mourning in America November 13, 2016 · 34 comments Your Turn: Time to consider changes to Lawrence government November 14, 2016 · 10 comments Blog: An all-you-can-eat chain restaurant files plans for south Iowa Street location November 14, 2016 · 3 comments Kansas and middle America still a puzzle for national Democrats November 13, 2016 · 27 comments Editorial: The great gathering November 11, 2016 · 16 comments Trump's win brings disappointment and hope for area voters November 9, 2016 · 73 comments More Kansas and middle America still a puzzle for national Democrats November 13, 2016 More Advertisement Sections Today's news / Local / State / Sports / Entertainment / Living / Business / Opinion / Faith / Politics / LJWorld.com News archives / About / Feedback / Contact / Media licensing requests / Terms of service / Staff / Jobs / Sitemap / e-Edition Services Subscribe / Advertising / Customer service / Online store Submit News / Photo / Events / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary / Births / Letter to the Editor / Press release / DMCA Notice Also online Photos / Podcasts / Videos / Circulars / Mobile edition / Email Alerts & Newsletters / Kansas Weddings Magazine / Social media directory Contents of this site are © Copyright 2016 The World Company. All rights reserved. See our terms of use for RSS feeds.
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home Shows Program Schedule Rob Snyder Listen Listen Live Mobile Events Calendar Game Schedule Sports News Hotties Babe Of The Day Contact Help & Contact Info Feedback Advertise Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter subscribe via RSS Trending Now TTU Football Coverage TTU Clear Bag Policy TTU Schedule Broncos on The Fan Texans on Awesome 98 All Sports News Fan Game Schedule What Do All the Green Light Bulbs in Lubbock Mean? By Jan Miller November 7, 2016 6:48 PM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Photo: Jan Miller, Lonestar 99.5 FM You can show your support for Veterans this Veteran’s Day when you turn on a green light. The initiative, which you can learn more about at Greenlightavet.com, asks people to “change one light in a visible location in your home or office to green, and keep it glowing every day as a symbol of support and appreciation for our veterans.” There are stories from across the country of sold out shelves of green light bulbs, so I went out to investigate. Most of our local Walmarts still have plenty of green light bulbs in stock. Food King’s Ace Hardware said they had sold out, but were expecting to have green light bulbs in on Wednesday. At Home Depot, they only have a few left and the man who helped me said he was a veteran and had just learned of the initiative. I was glad for the opportunity to talk to him about the Green Light a Vet project and thanked him for his service. If you know of any other places that are selling green light bulbs, please let us know in the comments or on our Facebook page. Greenlightavet.com also gives us more ways to show our support by sharing the #greenlightavet hashtag, by green lighting our profile picture and by mapping our location so veterans everywhere can see how many of us are thankful for their service. This is such a great way to show our support,  It’s simple but powerful and imagine how great it will be when little by little we have more green lights up for these incredible men and women. Our Veterans have made an extreme sacrifice and deserve all the show of support we can offer. NEXT: The Simple Way Burglars Are Marking Homes as Targets Become a VIP, Win Great Prizes BONUS 17 Lubbock Restaurants Where Kids Can Eat Free       Filed Under: veterans day Category: Lubbock News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of 1340 The Fan Justin Murphy Is No Longer on the Texas Tech Football Team Watch Patrick Mahomes Make an Incredible 25-Yard No-Look Pass Texas Tech Football Team Owns the #MannequinChallenge [Video] NFL Week 10 Recap — The Seahawks-Patriots Game Lived Up To The Hype Recommended for You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the Staff Rob Snyder Rob Breaux Meet The Staff Find Us on Facebook The Latest From 1340 The Fan Justin Murphy Is No Longer on the Texas Tech Football Team November 14, 2016 5:55 PM Watch Patrick Mahomes Make an Incredible 25-Yard No-Look Pass November 14, 2016 4:50 PM Texas Tech Football Team Owns the #MannequinChallenge [Video] November 14, 2016 4:41 PM Lubbock Man Shot in the Face by Robber Over Cell Phone November 14, 2016 10:36 AM See All Latest News 1340 The Fan's Daily Deal $25 Gift Card to Power House Nutrition Buy This Deal Now EEO Advertise Terms Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Lubbock Business Listings Welcome back to SportsRadio 1340 The Fan It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! Welcome back to SportsRadio 1340 The Fan It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://1340thefan.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to SportsRadio 1340 The Fan (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here SportsRadio 1340 The Fan brought to you by: Sign up for SportsRadio 1340 The Fan Register Now Sign up for SportsRadio 1340 The Fan quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! SportsRadio 1340 The Fan brought to you by: Never Miss the Latest News from SportsRadio 1340 The Fan. Like Us on Facebook SportsRadio 1340 The Fan brought to you by: SportsRadio 1340 The Fan Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Skip to content Publications Itawamba Times MS Business Journal Oxford Citizen Monroe Journal Pontotoc Progress Southern Sentinel Chickasaw Journal New Albany Gazette Southern Advocate E-editions Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Bridal View Announcements Submit an Announcement Daily Journal About Us Contact Us RC VOTE Business Directory Buy Photos Advertise News Supreme Court to decide on Rickey Thompson removal UPDATE: 14-year-old charged in Prentiss County bomb threat Mississippi budget writers slightly bump up revenue estimate More In News Supreme Court to decide on Rickey Thompson removal UPDATE: 14-year-old charged in Prentiss County bomb threat Mississippi budget writers slightly bump up revenue estimate In Focus: Rollin’ on VIDEO: Newsbreak, Nov. 14, 2016 View all posts in News Sports View all posts in Sports College Mississippi State Ole Miss Others More In Sports Community College High School Outdoors Professional Egg Bowl slated for 2:30 p.m. kickoff Featured Monday with Mullen Mississippi State head coach Dan Mullen held his weekly press conference Monday to discuss the Bulldogs’ 51-3 loss at No. 1 Alabama and preview... Business Square business owners give thoughts on parking garage DENNIS SEID: Entrepreneur’s social media platform could be big deal DAVE RAMSEY: Say no to an interest-only loan More In Business Square business owners give thoughts on parking garage DENNIS SEID: Entrepreneur’s social media platform could be big deal DAVE RAMSEY: Say no to an interest-only loan Dynasty Furniture looks to expand reach Tupelo airport filing claim against SeaPort View all posts in Business Lifestyle Married to the music: Couple devotes lives to their talents Holiday Tree Festival offers something for everyone Danger and deceit: Former undercover agent writes down his adventures More In Lifestyle Married to the music: Couple devotes lives to their talents Holiday Tree Festival offers something for everyone Danger and deceit: Former undercover agent writes down his adventures LESLIE CRISS: Friend travels life’s journey with exceptional courage Plantersville couple finds joy through longtime puppet ministry View all posts in Lifestyle Opinion OUR OPINION: No shortage of good news last week DANNY SMITH: Crossroads Ranch another example of turning tragedy into triumph SID SALTER: Protests aside, electoral college works, isn’t rigged More In Opinion OUR OPINION: No shortage of good news last week DANNY SMITH: Crossroads Ranch another example of turning tragedy into triumph SID SALTER: Protests aside, electoral college works, isn’t rigged OUR OPINION: MSU strengthens hold in unmanned aerial science ROD GUAJARDO: Election concludes seemingly never-ending campaign season View all posts in Opinion Records Obituaries View latest Obituaries View archived Obituaries Blogs Biz Buzz Tupelo CVB names Russell market strategist Inside MSU Sports Inside MSU Sports is moving Inside Ole Miss Sports Alabama 48, Ole Miss 43: Freeze likes the effort, not the mistakes Mighty Daily Journal An antidote to this age of distraction Education Matters Tupelo School Board 06.09.15 Subscriptions Begin a Subscription Print and Digital Options Request Two-week Free Trial Other Weekly Newspapers Q&A About Our Paid Content Manage Your Subscription Renew Your Subscription Request Temporary Stop Report Delivery Error Rate Your Delivery Service Videos Media Monday: Freeze and Patterson VIDEO: Newsbreak, Nov. 14, 2016 Helping out the kid: Second-half defense sets stage for 23-point fourth Daily Journal Newsbreak: Friday, November 11, 2016 MSU lands state’s top two prospects VIDEO: Newsbreak, Nov. 10, 2016 Podcasts The Memo Double Coverage Prep Rally News » Delta couple charged with Oxford shoplifting Delta couple charged with Oxford shoplifting Posted on November 8, 2016 by William Moore in Crime & Law Enforcement, News STEWART CONNER OXFORD – A man and woman from Clarksdale were arrested Sunday after trying to steal numerous items from an Oxford store. Walmart employees told police they saw two people taking multiple items off the shelves and placing them in garbage cans throughout the store. Oxford police officers were waiting outside the store when the suspects exited with the stolen items. Tamara Stewart 41, and Demitrius Conner, 42, were arrested and charged with shoplifting. Bond was set at $2,500 each. Click here to leave a comment! Click video to hear audio Post navigation ← Alcorn County teen killed in Sunday wreck Woman charged with credit card fraud → Subscribe to our daily newsletter for the latest news and updates Browse by Date: Select month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 September 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 April 2000 March 2000 February 2000 January 2000 December 1999 November 1999 October 1999 September 1999 August 1999 July 1999 June 1999 May 1999 April 1999 March 1999 February 1999 January 1999 December 1998 November 1998 October 1998 September 1998 August 1998 July 1998 June 1998 May 1998 April 1998 March 1998 February 1998 January 1998 December 1997 November 1997 October 1997 September 1997 August 1997 July 1997 June 1997 May 1997 April 1997 March 1997 February 1997 January 1997 December 1996 November 1996 October 1996 September 1996 August 1996 July 1996 June 1996 May 1996 April 1996 March 1996 February 1996 January 1996 Newsmax Polls Do you think our universities offer enough programming and support for military veterans? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Top Posts & Pages Daily Journal Gov. Bryant still not happy with electoral college UPDATE: 14-year-old charged in Prentiss County bomb threat Married to the music: Couple devotes lives to their talents Bowl path looks a little bit easier for Rebels Media Monday: Freeze and Patterson Not satisfied: Noxubee County next challenge for 12-1 Pontotoc REWIND: Ole Miss 29, Texas A&M 28 Food and fun: Fundraiser benefits Boys and Girls Clubs of North Mississippi Ole Miss rushing defense trending up Quick Links Sitemap Advertise Subscriptions Obituaries Contests Place a Classifieds Ad Community Bridal Church Directories Blogs Classifieds Buy Photos NE MS Jobs About About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Conversation Guidelines Terms of Service Contact Us Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal 1242 South Green Street Tupelo, MS 38804 (662) 842-2611 info@journalinc.com Copyright © 2016 Journal, Inc. | Director, Architect, Programming: Chris Elkins | Marketing, SEO: Ashley Elkins, Thrive Digital Marketing
Subscribe to Kane County Chronicle 52°FMostly CloudyFull Forecast News News Home Local Get Newsletter Government Education Local Business Town News and Info Community Dining Police Reports Finance Face Time Corrections Get App Sports Sports Home Preps Columns Chicago Steel Kane County Cougars Community Sports Athlete of the Month Get App Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Bears Features A&E Artist Q&A Books Chit Chat Everyday Heroes Features Food & Drink Health Lifestyle Movies Music Mystery Diner Planit Kane Taste of the Town Theater Weekend Life Opinion Opinion Home Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Editorial Cartoons Photos Photo Lists Photo Store Share Photos Galleries Archive Video News Video Live Video Planit Events Calendar Local Deals Share   Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Campus Report Eagle Scout Engagement Announcement Girl Scout Gold Award recipient Join the Birthday Club Letters to the Editor Local Band Spotlight Neighbors Press Release Service Report Share Photos Sidetracks Press Release Submit an Event Support Group Listings Wedding Announcement More About Us Advertise Business Showcase Celebrations Contact Coupons Deals Dining e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Fox River Bike Trails Forms Kane County Magazine Public Notices RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Weather News Sports Pro Football Weekly Features Opinion Obits Photos Video Planit Text Alerts Newsletter Share More Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified St. Charles Geneva Batavia Elburn Sugar Grove Kane County Sheriff's Office reports Published: Tuesday, Nov. 8, 2016 9:12 a.m. CST • Updated: Tuesday, Nov. 8, 2016 8:28 p.m. CST • Theft more than $500 was reported Sept. 14 in the zero to 100 block of Base Line Road, Montgomery. A sheriff’s office report stated a four-wheeler was taken. • Theft less than $300 was reported Oct. 20 in the 42W200 block of Timber Trail, St. Charles. A sheriff’s office report stated a 2017 vehicle registration sticker was missing. • Katherine F. Williams, 42, of the 39W200 block of East Mallory Drive, Geneva, was charged Oct. 26 with domestic battery and aggravated battery. A sheriff’s office report stated that she threw a large drinking glass at the victim, whose eye was struck. • Fraud was reported Oct. 26 in the 35W500 block of Hillcrest Avenue, St. Charles. A sheriff’s office report stated $41 was spent on a Wal-Mart gift card. • Burglary to a vehicle was reported Oct. 27 in the 5N500 block of Cochise Drive, Maple Park. A sheriff’s office report stated no valuable items were found to be missing. • Burglary to a vehicle was reported Oct. 27 in the 5N600 block of Jens Jensen Lane, St. Charles. A sheriff’s office report stated about $3,500 in power tools were stolen. • Criminal trespassing to a vehicle was reported Oct. 27 in the 5N400 block of Cochise Drive, Maple Park. A sheriff’s office report stated a vehicle had been rummaged through but nothing was taken. • Burglary to a vehicle was reported Oct. 28 in the 5N500 block of Cochise Drive, Maple Park. A sheriff’s office report stated a black-handled pocket knife, silver Zippo lighter and a small bottle of lighter fluid were taken. • Burglary to a vehicle was reported Oct. 28 in the 42W500 block of Jens Jensen Lane, St. Charles. A sheriff’s office report stated about $20 in coins was taken. • Muhammad U. Chaudhary, 21, of the 4700 block of North Kenton Avenue, Chicago, was charged Oct. 28 with driving on a suspended or revoked license. • Adrian Urbieta, 35, of the 700 block of Deborah Avenue, Elgin, was charged Oct. 29 with driving without a valid driver’s license. • Theft of about $280 was reported Oct. 29 at Black Sheep Golf Club, 2S610 Seavey Road, Sugar Grove. A sheriff’s office report stated two flag markers valued at $140 each were taken from the club. • Theft less than $300 was reported Oct. 30 along South Hathaway Lane in Geneva. A sheriff’s office report stated that a binder fell off a car with personal papers and a Social Security card inside. Related Links More car buglaries reported in Geneva St. Charles police reports Man charged with felony aggravated battery of pregnant woman Kane County Sheriff's Office reports Campton Hills man charged in sex abuse of child Geneva police reports Get breaking and town-specific news sent to your phone. Sign up for text alerts from the Kane County Chronicle. More News 12 more motor vehicle burglaries reported in Sugar GroveNov. 11, 2016 - 5:00 am Sugar Grove police reportsNov. 10, 2016 - 6:00 am Kane County Sheriff's Office reportsNov. 8, 2016 - 8:28 pm Campton Hills police reportsNov. 8, 2016 - 9:11 am Underage drinking in Batavia leads to two adults, 15 youths chargedNov. 7, 2016 - 2:31 pm Batavia police reportsNov. 3, 2016 - 3:11 pm About Us | Contact Us | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs About Our Ads | Cars on AutoTrader.com | Local Business Showcase Customer Service: toll-free (800) 589-9363 Copyright © 2016 Kane County Chronicle. All rights reserved. Published in St. Charles, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
Tuesday 15 Nov 2016 / Tehran - 04:37 / GMT - 01:07 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories World Tue Nov 08, 2016 6:36 US Election Chaos Fears Prompt Preppers Stockpiling Survival Food Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- Preppers in US began running up sales of emergency survival food in case of an election night Doomsday as Voting in US presidential election started on Tuesday. While sales for "long term food" typically see an increase around natural disasters and elections, "this is more intense than what we saw in 2012," said Keith Bansemer, VP of marketing for My Patriot Supply, a manufacturer and seller of survival food, NBC reported. During the previous election his company saw sales double. This time it's triple. "We have everyone we can on the phones," he said. "We are overwhelmed." Purchases at other long term food supply companies are up as well. Emergency preparedness online store TheEpicenter reports a 6 percent uptick in year over year sales. Another company, Legacy Foods, predicts they'll see a 1-2 week spike in sales after the election, if Hillary Clinton wins, said owner Phil Cox. The meals, sold by the plastic bucket or tote bin, are typically dehydrated or freeze-dried food in sealed military-grade Mylar packs. Menu items include pasta primavera, Hawaiian Style Sweet n' Sour, cheesy broccoli and rice soup, orange energy drink mix and chocolate pudding. They're sold in bundles based on how long they'll feed you. Big name retailers are in on the game. Costco sells a 1-month supply of 390 servings in plastic gallon buckets for $114.99. Wal-Mart has a bucket deal, too. What's feeding this new urgency? Survivalist consumers says they're preparing for post-election unrest that could involve everything from massive riots, to power grid outages, to the total collapse of the financial system where a can of food becomes currency. And it's not just guys digging a hole on their farm and filling it with MRE's who are driving sales, companies say, but schoolteachers, moms, and successful financial planners. Nor is it limited to just rural areas. "Frederick Reddie," a 41-year-old "urban prepper" from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is stocking up on staples like rice and peanut butter and working on expanding his 6-month supply of emergency food to two years. He has to use a pseudonym to protect his supply from any future hungry neighbors, he told NBC News. Reddie predicts a Trump win that has the urban poor revolting across the nation and the imposition of martial law to quell riots and the burning of businesses. But he's also getting ready for the possibility of a Clinton victory that he says could lead to conflict with Russia and "World War 3 in 2017." Either way, Freddy's ready, with both supplies and a word of advice. "At minimum stock up your cabinets as if you knew a hurricane was coming," he said. "It'll be like a hurricane that could touch every city in America." The companies take pains to point out that they sell food not just for the collapse of civilization but also for camping, outdoor recreation, and natural disaster preparedness, like Ebola or volcanoes. Their customers are careful, self-sufficient and pragmatic types, they say, students of history who know things like stock market bubbles and crashes go in cycles and are taking small, meaningful steps, to reassert control over a toxic election. They're always thinking ahead. Cans of food that last 25 years are "better than money in the bank," said Nelson. "If you think the value of money is going to go down, then you could convert dollars into something tangible that you can use later" for either eating or barter. Bansemer said that his customers don't necessarily fear a specific election outcome, but change itself. "You hear them saying, no matter who wins, I know I could take a positive step myself and secure what's important," he said. "They're securing their food supply."         LATEST STORIES (5) Anti-Trump Protests Break out in Chicago Aerial Footage Shows Syrian Army Advances in Southwestern Damascus Syrian Army Missile Hits Militants' Gathering in Southern Aleppo Hashd Al-Shaabi Kicks Off 3rd Phase of Military Operations West of Mosul Anti-Trump Protests Continue across US Cities Spokesman: Iran's Missile Power Not Negotiable Tasting Justice: ISIL Being Driven Away in Iraq and Syria Iran, Russia Stress Boosting Mutual Cooperation Spokesman: AEOI Not Concerned About Trump Aides' Remarks Hashd Al-Shaabi Rescues 300 Sunni Families Battle for Mosul Day 28: Hashd Al-Sha'abi Kicks Off 3rd Phase of Mosul Operation Russia, Iran Plan $10bln Arms Deal Report: Russian Strategic Bombers Prepare to Strike Terrorists in Syria Samples Taken in Syria's Aleppo Prove Militants Used Chlorine Gas Syria: Jeish Al-Fatah Declares State of Emergency in Aleppo Anti-Trump Protests Break out in Chicago TEHRAN (FNA)- Demonstrators in Chicago took to the streets to continue protests against the election of Donald Trump and show common hate against him. [PHOTOS] Aerial Footage Shows Syrian Army Advances in Southwestern Damascus TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian army troops continued to hit the terrorist groups' defense lines and gatherings and seized back new regions in Western Ghouta, tightening the siege of the militant-held town of Khan al-Sheih. [VIDEO] Syrian Army Missile Hits Militants' Gathering in Southern Aleppo TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian army troops targeted and destroyed a position of the terrorists with a guided missile fire in the village of Khalasa in the Southern countryside of Aleppo. [VIDEO] Hashd Al-Shaabi Kicks Off 3rd Phase of Military Operations West of Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraq's volunteer forces (Hashd al-Shaabi) started the third phase of their military operations in areas on the Western side of Mosul. [PHOTOS] Anti-Trump Protests Continue across US Cities TEHRAN (FNA)- Thousands of people took to the streets across the country to display dissent for Donald Trump's election for the fifth straight day and the sixth night of protests. [PHOTOS] Spokesman: Iran's Missile Power Not Negotiable TEHRAN (FNA)- Foreign Ministry Spokesman Bahram Qassemi underlined that Iran's defense program and capability is a redline and non-negotiable. Tasting Justice: ISIL Being Driven Away in Iraq and Syria TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi Troops made another major breakthrough on Sunday after they liberated Nimrud town completely as part of an offensive to retake Mosul – the only remaining ISIL stronghold in the country. Iran, Russia Stress Boosting Mutual Cooperation TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif and Russian Federation Council Chairwoman Ivanovna Matvienko in a meeting in Tehran on Monday underlined that Tehran and Moscow enjoy strategic relations, and called for the further expansion of all-out ties. Spokesman: AEOI Not Concerned About Trump Aides' Remarks TEHRAN (FNA)- Spokesman of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran Behrouz Kamalvandi said Tehran is not at all concerned about the statements made by US President-Elect Donald Trump and his advisors about the Vienna nuclear deal with Iran. Hashd Al-Shaabi Rescues 300 Sunni Families TEHRAN (FNA)- The Iraqi volunteer forces (Hashd al-Shaabi) rescued tens of Sunni families after heavy clashes with the ISIL terrorists in an area West of the flashpoint city of Mosul. Battle for Mosul Day 28: Hashd Al-Sha'abi Kicks Off 3rd Phase of Mosul Operation TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraq's military offensive to liberate the city of Mosul from ISIL's control continued on Monday as volunteer forces (Hashd al-Sha'abi) started the third phase of the military operations in areas on the Western side of the ISIL-held city. Russia, Iran Plan $10bln Arms Deal TEHRAN (FNA)- Iran and Russia began negotiating on the supply of $10 billion worth of weapons and hardware to Tehran following the successful delivery of Russia’s S-300 air defense missile systems to the country in October, the Russian media reported on Monday. Report: Russian Strategic Bombers Prepare to Strike Terrorists in Syria TEHRAN (FNA)- A diplomatic source said the Russia's Air force engineering units have concluded their preparations to set Russian Strategic Bombers for combat use in Syria. Samples Taken in Syria's Aleppo Prove Militants Used Chlorine Gas TEHRAN (FNA)- The Russian Defense Ministry said Monday that samples taken in Syria's city of Aleppo prove that militants used chlorine gas in their attacks. Syria: Jeish Al-Fatah Declares State of Emergency in Aleppo TEHRAN (FNA)- Jeish al-Fatah has ordered all its militants in Aleppo to stay on the alert after reports indicated that the Syrian army is preparing to launch a massive assault in the region, media sources disclosed Monday. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2016 ©
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 61° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Skies clearing overnight. Tonight Mostly cloudy early, then clearing overnight. Low 44F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 14, 2016 @ 5:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close 1 of 5 Buy Now Baron Wilson, 41, of St. Louis, checks the width of the screen while looking at TVs at the Best Buy in Brentwood on Thursday, Nov. 26, 2015. Photo by Cristina M. Fletes, cfletes@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Cristina M. Fletes • cfletes@post-dispatch.com La Marr Moore (far right), 33, of St. Louis, waits in line for an Apple watch during Thanksgiving day shopping at the Best Buy in Brentwood on Thursday, Nov. 26, 2015. Photo by Cristina M. Fletes, cfletes@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Josh Dobken (left), 28, of St. Louis, looks at a tablet with Diana Ossa, 24, of University City, during Thanksgiving day shopping at the Best Buy in Brentwood on Thursday, Nov. 26, 2015. "I can't believe I'm doing this but the deals are too good," said Dobken. Photo by Cristina M. Fletes, cfletes@post-dispatch.com Buy Now From left to right, Bharat Malgave, Rohit Gupta and Rohit Bhatia, all of St. Louis, look at TVs during Thanksgiving day shopping at the Best Buy in Brentwood on Thursday, Nov. 26, 2015. Photo by Cristina M. Fletes, cfletes@post-dispatch.com Buy Now FILE PHOTO: Kim Brinkley, of St. Louis, helps customers during Thanksgiving day shopping at Target in Brentwood on Thursday, Nov. 26, 2015. Photo by Cristina M. Fletes, cfletes@post-dispatch.com Thanksgiving Day shopping is here to stay — with some tweaks By Anne D’Innocenzio Associated Press Nov 10, 2016 (…) Buy Now Baron Wilson, 41, of St. Louis, checks the width of the screen while looking at TVs at the Best Buy in Brentwood on Thursday, Nov. 26, 2015. Photo by Cristina M. Fletes, cfletes@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Cristina M. Fletes • cfletes@post-dispatch.com La Marr Moore (far right), 33, of St. Louis, waits in line for an Apple watch during Thanksgiving day shopping at the Best Buy in Brentwood on Thursday, Nov. 26, 2015. Photo by Cristina M. Fletes, cfletes@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Josh Dobken (left), 28, of St. Louis, looks at a tablet with Diana Ossa, 24, of University City, during Thanksgiving day shopping at the Best Buy in Brentwood on Thursday, Nov. 26, 2015. "I can't believe I'm doing this but the deals are too good," said Dobken. Photo by Cristina M. Fletes, cfletes@post-dispatch.com Buy Now From left to right, Bharat Malgave, Rohit Gupta and Rohit Bhatia, all of St. Louis, look at TVs during Thanksgiving day shopping at the Best Buy in Brentwood on Thursday, Nov. 26, 2015. Photo by Cristina M. Fletes, cfletes@post-dispatch.com Buy Now FILE PHOTO: Kim Brinkley, of St. Louis, helps customers during Thanksgiving day shopping at Target in Brentwood on Thursday, Nov. 26, 2015. Photo by Cristina M. Fletes, cfletes@post-dispatch.com NEW YORK • Thanksgiving Day shopping — a delight to some, anathema to others — isn’t going away, but some stores are rethinking their strategies on whether it makes sense to be open on the holiday itself. Many of the nation’s major mall operators and the big retailers that anchor them, such as Toys R Us, J.C. Penney and Macy’s, are sticking with what they want to be a new tradition, kicking off the holiday shopping season on Thanksgiving Day. Big-box retailers Walmart, Target and Best Buy also plan to open on the holiday. Others, including the Mall of America, the nation’s largest shopping mall, are closing for Thanksgiving this year after being open for the past several years. Some retailers that are closing cite respect for the holiday, but in truth the cost of being open may be more than the return. “Once you let the genie out of the bottle, it’s hard,” said Stephen D. Lebovitz, president and CEO of CBL & Associates Properties, a mall operator that is closing 72 of its malls, including four in the St. Louis area, for the day. “More retailers are coming to their senses and realizing it is a family holiday and from a business point of view, it’s not making much business sense.” Stores being open on Thanksgiving started in earnest in 2011 and took a punch out of sales on Black Friday, which had usually launched the shopping season. Many places like Macy’s, Target and J.C. Penney have been opening earlier and earlier on Thanksgiving as they try to outdo others to get first dibs on customers who could easily buy online. But the move has been controversial, as many workers have voiced complaints that stores are putting profits over workers’ time to be with their families. Some 89 of the 145 properties that Chattanooga, Tenn.-based CBL owns or has interest in opened at 6 p.m. on the holiday last year. Though dozens of those will be closed this year, the department stores, movie theaters, restaurants and retailers with exterior entrances have the option to open on Thanksgiving. Other retailers, including Office Depot and consumer electronics chain hhgregg Inc., plan to be closed after being open for the past several years. Plenty of retailers, particularly high-end stores such as Nordstrom or those such as T.J. Maxx that offer discounts every day, never opened on Thanksgiving and have collected goodwill because of that. In reality, analysts say, it’s all about stealing share in a market that isn’t growing that much. For department stores, the competition is fierce. Last year, J.C. Penney opened at 3 p.m. for the first time, three hours earlier than its rivals Kohl’s and Macy’s. That may have hurt Macy’s, which had a weak holiday season and aims to reverse a sales slump. This year, Macy’s decided to open an hour earlier at 5 p.m. on Thanksgiving. Penney is sticking to 3 p.m., while Kohl’s will be opening again at 6 p.m. Most Sears stores will be open on Thanksgiving for the fourth year in a row, starting at 6 p.m. — the same as a year ago. Best Buy, the nation’s largest consumer electronics chain, suffered over Thanksgiving weekend in 2012 because it didn’t open until midnight, while stores such as Walmart and Target began their sales earlier in the evening. This year, most Best Buy stores will open at 5 p.m. on Thanksgiving. Walmart and Target will kick off in-store Black Friday sales at 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving again this year. Both chains said their online Black Friday sales would start in the early morning hours on Thanksgiving. For many big retailers, covering expenses such as paying employees holiday pay is not that costly, said Joel Bines, a managing director at retail consulting group AlixPartners. But for small stores or those with specialized merchandise, it may make more sense to close. AlixPartners also found that some retailers who did open on Thanksgiving were simply pulling Friday sales a day earlier and their profit margins took a hit. Bob Riesbeck, president and CEO of hhgregg, says business on Thanksgiving actually declined over the previous two years when it opened at 4 p.m. Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis See how St. Louis stocks are faring How do they stack up? Compare pay of top St. Louis executives Who's hired? Check our People in Business CBL’s Lebovitz says when he surveyed stores in the company’s malls this year before deciding to close, the reaction was “overwhelmingly positive,” particularly with the specialty stores. The big anchors plan to stay open. Last year, the reaction was different. Most of the specialty stores wanted to be open. “They didn’t have enough data” to make the decision, he said. Andy Mantis, executive vice president of NPD Group Checkout Tracking, says stores should open on both Thanksgiving and Black Friday to maximize their sales. The company, which analyzes receipt data to understand consumer behavior, found that the share of buyers who shopped on both days declined, while the number who shopped only on Thanksgiving Day or on Black Friday increased. Mantis believes specialty retailers, especially those near big stores such as Macy’s that are open, should think again about whether to stay closed. “It is a heavy promotion time,” Mantis said. “People are buying, and they’re not always willing to go to multiple stores.” Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank Tags Business Arts And Entertainment General News Lifestyle Holidays Holiday Shopping Occasions Shopping Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Retailer Thanksgiving Day Store View (…) comments Most popular How the Trump agenda could change the way St. Louis does business Lord & Taylor closing downtown St. Louis office, laying off 77 IT employees Plans for St. Peters shopping center advance Panera closes St. Louis Bread Co. on South Grand GM to lay off 2,000 workers at plants in Michigan and Ohio Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section Swansea imaging center ordered to stop operating over poor mammography images Eyesore town home development in Florissant will be reincarnated as a first responder training site SLU would control tax breaks, demo Pevely Dairy building under Midtown redevelopment plan Andy Cohen to appear Nov. 25 on KMOX with Charlie Brennan SEC chair to step down, clearing path for Trump to eliminate tough Wall Street regulations Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Enter our Pigskin Picks football contest! Click here to flip through the 2016 Top Workplaces section See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Columbia County authorities looking for suspects wanted for thef - WFXG FOX 54 Augusta - Your News One Hour Earlier Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME News & Weather Apps NEWS Local News Georgia News South Carolina News National News Crime News Education News Military News Health News Tech Elections WEATHER Hurricane season 2016 Weather and disaster coverage Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Georgia River Levels from NWS Pollen Count SPORTS 2016 Paralympic Games SEC Coverage ACC Digital Network ACC Video Vault Entertainment CSRA Entertainment Entertainment News Video Right This Minute Video Most Popular Videos TV WFXG TV Listings FOX On Demand TMZ Children's Television Programming Reports Community For Our Children High 5 4 Kids 2 Strong 4 Bullies Community Calendar Angel Tree Contests Hardee's Tailgate Takeout Southern Siding Home Makeover Watch, Text, and Win with Family Feud ABOUT US Contact Us WFXG-TV transmitter upgrade News Team Meet Our Staff Closed Captioning Concerns EEO Public File FCC Public Inspection Files Digital Sales Jobs at WFXG Advertise With Us Columbia County authorities looking for suspects wanted for theft at Grovetown Walmart 2016-11-08T14:36:08Z2016-11-08T14:36:08Z By Brittany Jenkins, Digital Content Producer Email Connect bjenkins@wfxg.com Theft suspect from Grovetown Walmart; Source: WFXG Theft suspect from Grovetown Walmart; Source: WFXG Theft suspect from Grovetown Walmart; Source: WFXG Theft suspect from Grovetown Walmart; Source: WFXG The Columbia County Sheriff's Department is looking for two suspects wanted in reference to shoplifting at the Walmart in Grovetown. The incident took place on Oct. 4. According to surveillance video, the two males pictured entered the store, picked up several items and exited the store without paying for them. if the suspects are identified, charges are not expected to follow.  If you have any information on the identity of these two subjects, please contact the Columbia County Sheriff's Office at (706) 541-2800. Copyright 2016 WFXG. All rights reserved. Local NewsMore>> 2016 General Election Results 2016 General Election Results Below, you will find the results from the 2016 General Election which will decide, among many other things, the next president of the United States. Polls close at 7:00 p.m. and results will update every five minutes. More >> Below, you will find the results from the 2016 General Election which will decide, among many other things, the next president of the United States. Polls close at 7:00 p.m. and results will update every five minutes.More >> Morning Motivation: Today is a new day! Morning Motivation: Today is a new day! Updated: Tuesday, November 1 2016 11:13 PM EDT2016-11-02 03:13:07 GMT So many of us wake up carrying the burdens of the day before. I am here to tell you - it's a new day. More >> So many of us wake up carrying the burdens of the day before. I am here to tell you - it's a new day.More >> Air Quality Alert in effect for parts of Georgia and South Carolina Air Quality Alert in effect for parts of Georgia and South Carolina Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 7:45 PM EST2016-11-15 00:45:56 GMT Source: WFXG The National Weather Service has issued an air quality advisory for much of our viewing area regarding smoke from upstate wildfires. This article contains the full message from NWS. More >> The National Weather Service has issued an air quality advisory for much of our viewing area regarding smoke from upstate wildfires. This article contains the full message from NWS.More >> Aiken apartment complex Pace's Run in a bubble of violence Aiken apartment complex Pace's Run in a bubble of violence Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 7:19 PM EST2016-11-15 00:19:23 GMT wfxg At a glance, the Pace's Run apartment complex may look like any other. But with no fewer than three reported instances of gunfire in the last month, Aiken officers are left asking for the community's help. More >> At a glance, the Pace's Run apartment complex may look like any other. But with no fewer than three reported instances of gunfire in the last month, Aiken officers are left asking for the community's help.More >> Jay's Music moving to old Piccadilly building after buyout from Augusta National Jay's Music moving to old Piccadilly building after buyout from Augusta National Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 5:24 PM EST2016-11-14 22:24:01 GMT Augusta National Golf Club (WFXG) Jay's Music is moving to the old Piccadilly building in Augusta after a buyout from Augusta National Golf Club, the music store told FOX 54. More >> Jay's Music is moving to the old Piccadilly building in Augusta after a buyout from Augusta National Golf Club, the music store told FOX 54. More >>    Can't Find Something? 3933 Washington Road Augusta, GA 30907 (706) 650-5400 FCC Public File publicfile@wfxg.com (706) 650-5400 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
null
Contact Us Member LoginRegister New Account My 24-7 Press Release Account Media Desk for Journalists, Bloggers & Readers Products & Services Press Release Distribution Pricing & Distribution Plans Why Choose 24-7 Press Release? Where Does Your News Go? Take a Tour Editorial/Submission Guidelines Press Release Writing Writing Services Agency PReferred Program What is Agency PReferred Become an Agency PReferred Client News Releases Select News Type Today's News News by Industry News with Video Search News News by Date News Releases 2016 News Releases 2015 News Releases 2014 News Releases 2013 News by RSS RSS Feed Top News Industry Arts & Entertainment Business Computer Consumer Education Environment Fashion Home & Family Home & Garden Industry Internet Law & Legal Lifestyle Medical Sports Technology Media Desk Journalists, bloggers, and readers can now access our exclusive Media Desk for enhanced, personalized news searching and tracking. Partners Become a Syndication Partner Real-Time News Content Hosted Content Delivery Solutions News Widget RSS Host Content on Your Server FTP/XML Data Feed Apply Now Knowledge Base FAQ We have all answers to your questions about our products and services. VIDEOS Watch our videos to learn about what we have to offer. ARTICLES Our articles will guide you in writing attractive and successful press releases. DOCUMENTS View our help documents for tips and resources. Company About Us About 24-7 Press Release Executive Team Clients Newsletter Newsletter Sign-Up Affiliate Program Become an Affiliate What's New Newsroom Blog Testimonials What Our Customers Say Submit a Testimonial Toll Free Telephone 1-888-880-9539 Hours of Business M-F 8:30am - 5:00pm PST Follow Us Through Social Media All Press Releases for November 08, 2016 » Email This Story Printer Friendly PDF Version RSS Feed Laura Shorette Recognized by Worldwide Branding for Excellence in Transportation and Logistics Ms. Shorette looks forward to experiencing continued growth for her company The company partners with its customers to provide transportation expertise in the multimodal shipping supply chain as well as offer cross-dock, warehouse and fulfillment services.     CULLEOKA, TN, November 08, 2016 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Laura Shorette, President and Founder of Time Logistics, Inc., has been recognized for showing dedication, leadership and excellence in transportation and logistics. Worldwide Branding, the world's leading international personal branding organization, is proud to endorse the notable professional efforts and accomplishments of Laura Shorette. A member in good standing, Ms. Shorette parlays years of experience into her professional network, and has been noted for achievements, leadership abilities, and the credentials she has provided in association with her Worldwide Branding membership. About Laura Shorette: Founded in 2001 by Laura Shorette, Time Logistics, Inc. is a freight management provider (3pl) specializing in logistics planning and distribution solutions. The company partners with its customers to provide transportation expertise in the multimodal shipping supply chain as well as offer cross-dock, warehouse and fulfillment services. Time Logistics, Inc. is the first vendor to win three consecutive years in a row the Walmart supplier excellence award. Ms. Shorette is also a member of TIA, WBENC, Smart way, DMA PCC, GSA, Women's Cable Networking of Nashville, the Maury Count Alliance and the Columbia chamber of commerce. As the president and founder, she has expanded the company to a new facility that has five divisions, including retail inserts, mail distribution/direct mail, warehousing, fulfillment and general commodities. She is always looking for opportunities to grow her company. Ms. Shorette began her career as a switchboard operator at a Virginia logistics company. She worked here for 17 years, eventually being promoting to vice president of operations, before deciding to establish Time Logistics, Inc in 2001. Worldwide Branding has added Laura Shorette to their distinguished Registry of Executives, Professionals and Entrepreneurs. While inclusion in Worldwide Branding is an honor, only small selections of members in each discipline are endorsed and promoted as leaders in their professional fields. About Worldwide Branding For more than 15 years, Worldwide Branding has been the leading, one-stop-shop, personal branding company, in the United States and abroad. From writing professional biographies and press releases, to creating and driving Internet traffic to personal websites, our team of branding experts tailor each product specifically for our clients' needs. From health care to finance to education and law, our constituents represent every major industry and occupation, at all career levels. For more information, please visit http://www.worldwidebranding.com. # # # Read more Press Releases from Ellen Campbell: Aaron Arutunian Recognized by Worldwide Branding for Excellence in Information Security Dottie Corsillo Recognized by Worldwide Branding for Excellence in Steel Fabrication Kacey L. Vencill Recognized by Worldwide Branding for Excellence in IT Consulting Francie Koehler Recognized by Worldwide Branding for Excellence in Private Investigation Glenn Bolton Recognized by Worldwide Branding for Excellence in Event Management Comment on this story... Share This Story Contact Information Ellen Campbell Worldwide Branding Uniondale, NY USA Voice: (516) 833-8440 E-Mail: Email Us Here Website: Visit Our Website Like This Story? I like it! 0 Tweets Disclaimer If you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page. Please do not attempt to contact 24-7 Press Release Newswire. We are unable to assist you with any information regarding this release. 24-7 Press Release Newswire disclaims any content contained in this press release. Please see our complete Terms of Service disclaimer for more information. Pricing & Distribution Agency PReferred Program Syndicate Our News News Widget RSS Feeds Affiliate Program About Us Contact Us Today's News News by Industry FAQs Testimonials Business Directory Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Connect with 24-7 Press Release: Accelerate Business Exposure with 24-7 Press Release Service. © 2004-2016 24-7Pressrelease.com. All Rights Reserved.
null
Continue to NJ Spotlight Follow Us: Sign Up / Sign In / Update Profile Sign Out / Update Profile NJ Spotlight Newsletters Budget Education Energy & Environment Healthcare More Issues Opinion MORE▼ Videos Webinars Roundtables Water Immigration Elections 2016 Sponsored Donate! Who We Are More Issues Article Comments Your Email Recipient's Email Message (Optional) Send Cancel Entrepreneurship and Innovation Resurgent in New Jersey Laurie Petersen | November 8, 2016 Business incubators, venture capital, labs and tools, and entrepreneurial expertise are fast becoming available across the Garden State It’s almost become an adage: New Jersey was once the center of innovation in the country but no longer. That title is now held by California, or Massachusetts, or New York, or even Washington. But recently, funding, professional support, and office space for entrepreneurs have been springing up all over the state — for those who know where to find them. Universities are helping to lead the way. A number of New Jersey universities are seeing it as part of their role to encourage business incubation. For instance, Anne-Marie Maman, executive director of the year-old Princeton Entrepreneurship Council, says her organization provides tools and training to foster entrepreneurs and an entrepreneurial mindset. University commitment from the very top has been proceeding at a rapid pace unusual for higher education. Support for students, faculty, and alumni includes tech space at the Princeton Entrepreneurship Hub, technology licensing opportunities, and an open-ended venture fund. Next year PEC will open an Innovation Center — offering wet labs (for pharma), dry labs (for electrical engineering), as well as co-working space to support faculty members, students, alumni, and the local community. Further north at Montclair State University, former Verizon President and CEO Dennis Bone leads the Feliciano Center for Entrepreneurship. According to Bone, entrepreneurial thinking is an essential survival skill for anyone in this world of rapid change — identifying problems that need fixing and collaborating on solutions. The Feliciano Center hosts many seminars and workshops open to the general public for learning and networking. They focus on all aspects of entrepreneurship. Stevens Institute of Technology in Hoboken last August opened the Stevens Venture Center to provide workspace, prototype lab, and networking opportunities for Stevens-affiliated entrepreneurs. It’s housed in the same waterfront building directly across from New York City as Jet.com, the e-commerce startup Walmart acquired for $3 billion in September. In the model of Silicon Valley (infused with talent from Stanford University) or the Route 128 corridor of Cambridge (with proximity to MIT), the idea is to create a culture that sparks innovation and creates jobs by connecting like-minded people to resources. Tech entrepreneur Aaron Price launched Propeller last May as a way to bring New York and New Jersey innovation communities and funders together on Hoboken’s Pier A. Some of the more visible efforts to link business innovation to a supporting ecosystem are happening in downtown Newark — where Amazon-owned Audible is pouring financial and intellectual capital into attracting and mentoring businesses to bring jobs and economic revival to the city. (A comprehensive list of resources has been compiled by the NJIT Innovation Acceleration Center.) Over in Holmdel, the legendary Bell Labs space (the length of three football fields) is being reborn as BellWorks, and private developers are creating a self-contained environment to work, play, and innovate. New Jersey’s future economic vitality is linked to entrepreneurial innovation, coordinating and leveraging resources, noted Michele Siekerka, president and CEO of the New Jersey Business and Industry Association, at its recent Innovation Summit at the Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory. “New Jersey was the Innovation State. New Jersey is the Innovation State,” she said. “Collaboration between industry, academia, and government is essential.” Elsewhere throughout the state NJIT, Rutgers, Rowan, and Seton Hall are expanding support of entrepreneurship and see it as a way to attract the best and brightest while preparing these students to thrive in the “gig economy.” The New Jersey Business Incubation Network offers a community of experts and facilities (many affiliated with community colleges) for both early-stage and expansion-stage startups. Despite all the activity, not everyone is impressed. David Sorin, partner in McCarter & English, LLP, says New York universities are running circles around their New Jersey counterparts by providing real funding for students to start real businesses. It’s the logical evolution of “career services” when a clearcut path no longer exists to graduate, join an established corporation, and enjoy a safe and steady lifetime career. Rowan started a $5 million innovation fund in 2014. Rutgers Business School is part of Newark Venture Partners, which will soon take applications to fund a second round of companies. Kathleen Coviello, director of technology and life sciences for the New Jersey Economic Development Authority, says the 500th angel investment has been approved since the state established the angel investment tax credit three years ago. (Entrepreneurs can follow this link to apply for NJEDA funding.) NJEDA also operates an incubator in North Brunswick for life sciences companies that can’t build labs on their own and offers tax credits through the Grow NJ assistance program. Katherine O’Neill, executive director of the JumpStart New Jersey Angel Network, says more than $50 million has been invested since 2002 in Mid-Atlantic region companies — close to half in New Jersey. JumpStart angels typically invest between $200,000 and $500,000 but only if there’s value to add in the form of introductions, category expertise, or other ways to accelerate growth. (Follow this link for more information on how to apply.) Investors are looking for businesses whose owners show an open mind and the ability to iterate quickly and have a team with a track record of success. Jim Gunton, general partner at the NJTC Venture Fund, recommends persistence. A rejection today can turn into success tomorrow. What’s the best way to connect with an investor? Personal introductions from accountants and attorneys who know your business are key to opening doors. NJBIA Innovation Summit keynote Bob Hugin, executive chairman of Summit-based pharmaceutical company Celgene Corp., says it took 17 years for the company to become profitable and New Jersey tax law allowing the sale of losses kept it in the game. Today, Celgene’s market capitalization is $80 billion. Laurie Petersen is a writer, editor, and event organizer based in Hoboken. Click here for reuse options! See Comments Read more in More Issues Subscribe to NJ Spotlight Newsletters Daily Digest Weekly Editor's Picks In the Shadow of Liberty Sponsors Corporate Supporters All Rights Reserved ©2016 NJSpotlight Budget Education Energy & Environment Healthcare More Issues Opinion Who We Are Donate! Media Kit ×To add this web app to the home screen, tap and then Add to Home Screen. Most Popular Stories « »
Great Bend Post Great Bend News, Opinion, Video Local News Sports Events Entertainment Other Trading Post Obituaries Great Bend Eats Ernie’s Bar & Grill Granny’s Kitchen Kiowa Kitchen Lone Wolf Restaurant Playa Azul The Rack Billiard Cafe Employment Wall After much debate, Great Bend chooses to add more income-based housing November 7, 2016 by Cole Reif 7 Comments The Great Bend City Council determined the push for new housing development outweighed the concerns of a few landlords, and passed a Rural Housing Incentive District for phase two of The Reserves at Trail Ridge near Walmart. The RHID awards tax credits to the developer, Overland Property Group, for building new housing in rural areas from the Kansas Housing Resources Corporation. Matt Gillam, Vice President of Development for the developer based out of Leawood, told the city council Monday night that the RHID is needed to bring the additional 48 units to towns like Great Bend. Matt Gillam Audio https://www.greatbendpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/reserve-gillam.mp3 At the October 3 meeting, council member Mike Zinn brought up the point that the current 48-unit apartment complex that opened in August of 2015 has seen more than its fair share of criminal activity. Great Bend Police Chief Cliff Couch says over the past year his department has received 163 calls for cases involving civil issues, domestic violence, and arrest warrants. Couch also noted that this activity is not unfamiliar with income-restricted housing. Cliff Couch Audio https://www.greatbendpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/reserve-couch.mp3 The Reserves at Trail Ridge noted they currently have 11 vacancies but that was mostly due to chosen evictions and hope to have the troublesome residents removed. Great Bend Housing Authority High Rise and many other property owners like Jason Mayers from MPIRE Property Management mentioned an increase in rental vacancies since the apartment complex on Grant Street opened. High Rise Executive Director Lynn Fleming went on to say there was no need for more income-based housing in town. Despite more criticism from a crowd member, Mayor Mike Allison said the housing development can make Great Bend become a more viable city for future business. Mike Allison Audio https://www.greatbendpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/reserve-allison.mp3 The Great Bend City Council approved the RHID with a 6-2 vote. Council members Zinn and Brock McPherson voted against the motion. Share this: Google Twitter Email Facebook Filed Under: Featured, Local Comments Retcol says November 8, 2016 at 2:12 am Wrong, wrong and wrong. This article totally missed the point. This wasn’t a matter of allowing apartments into town…..it was a matter of giving them an incentive by the city to come to town via no property taxes for years and years. This project is already funded federally. So now, even though local landlords are struggling, and the police department is tapped out we’re going to let this property not pay Hundreds of thousands of dollars like everyone else does. The city father’s that passed this are ignorant and disgusting. Mike Allison admits that Great Bend is not growing and therefore won’t be able to fill these new apartments but yet pushes to pass this because he and the others idiots aren’t smart enough to know any better. They’d rather believe some greasy salesman from out of town rather than listen to the police Chief or local business people. Real positive growth, morons. Current score: 20 (Please enable JavaScript to vote.) Report this comment Reply Kristofor Sinn says November 8, 2016 at 6:06 am Local landlords shouldn’t be charging extortion rates in a town where the average job pays 8$ per hour. However they do have a right to charge as they wish. Just like people have a right to go elsewhere and leave them without renters. They made the bed that they lay in. And as for taxes, are people and businesses not taxed enough? I’m taxed every time I turn around. Police are paid to respond. That is what they do. If they don’t like it, quit. Current score: 1 (Please enable JavaScript to vote.) Report this comment Reply charlieshorse says November 8, 2016 at 2:15 pm Since when has our current leadership been the benchmark of forward, progressive thinking? We have a ceremonial mayor who has been in office since Noah was a baby, city administrators who arrived on the Mayflower, and a self-serving city council looking after their own interests. (Always has been, most likely always will be!) Our thinking has been spoiled by the easy way…. reliance on energy production and agriculture to support the “retail/housing” economy of Great Bend, but those days are numbered…and nobody sees this. As long as retail and real estate (both of which are a seller’s market in GB, as there is little or no competition) are doing well, our leaders happily wear their rose-colored glasses. Very little interest has been shown in promoting long-term growth of our community…the city has NEVER wined and dined businesses interested in coming to GB (case in point, the proposed Cessna assembly plant now in Independence, Ks.), as much as they have the housing industry, as illustrated by the breaks they have given to “Reserves at Trail Ridge”, Amber Meadows, as well as Stoneridge. More income adjusted housing is great! This will provide an opportunity for all of the fast-food employees to have a decent home! Here’s an idea…how about bringing in some businesses that will provide decent wage paying employment, so more folks are here to eat in our fast-food, cookie-cutter eating joints, shop at Wal-mart, and live in our already overpriced real estate? The better the wage these businesses pay, the more $$ being returned into the general economy. Leave the GBCOC and Jan Peters out of this…they are non-entities. Hello, Ace! I’m still here. And I’m not going away, regardless of how “stupid you might see my comments. Current score: 1 (Please enable JavaScript to vote.) Report this comment Reply Gag order. says November 8, 2016 at 3:42 pm Bringing in decent paying jobs???? That sir, is crazy talk.!! Most hilarious post I’ve ever read. The Mayflower!! Haha that is funny stuff. And true. Current score: 2 (Please enable JavaScript to vote.) Report this comment Reply You'll love me. says November 8, 2016 at 3:51 pm Great comment. Now go back to bed. Nobody wants to hear what a highschool student has to say when this is an adult conversation. Current score: 2 (Please enable JavaScript to vote.) Report this comment Reply Seeking Tacos says November 8, 2016 at 8:53 am My family are landlords and we are not struggling. If someone is struggling, they are not doing the proper background, reference and credit checks. On top of that, we do not charge half as much as some of the housing companies in town (aka Moses & mPire). Current score: 3 (Please enable JavaScript to vote.) Report this comment Reply Retcol says November 8, 2016 at 9:07 am Well then you should have made your case at last night’s meeting instead of playing video games in one of your “rentals” since you’re doing so well in life. Current score: 8 (Please enable JavaScript to vote.) Report this comment Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Copyright © 2016 · Great Bend Post - Great Bend, KS · Powered by Eagle Communications | EEO Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Created with Sketch. Watch Live     Now Playing Watch Listen TV Schedule Live submit al jazeera menu   submit NewsMore Middle East Africa Asia US & Canada Latin America Europe Asia Pacific Middle East DocumentariesMore Featured Documentaries Witness Al Jazeera World 101 East People & Power Fault Lines REWIND All ShowsMore Inside Story The Stream The Listening Post Talk to Al Jazeera Counting the Cost UpFront earthrise Empire All Investigations Opinion MoreMore Features In Pictures Interactive Interactive Documentaries AJ Shorts Reporter's Notebook Podcasts Human Rights Sport Science & Technology Weather Topics: Battle for Mosul Syria's Civil War Refugees Nigeria Donald Trump Most Searched [Chris Mugarura/Al Jazeera] FeaturesUS Elections 2016 Inside Owsley: America's poorest white county Owsley county's population lives below the government-designated poverty line, including 56.3 percent of children. 08 Nov 2016 05:19 GMT | US Elections 2016, Poverty & Development Vehicle with rebel flag plating parked centrally in Booneville town square [Shaghayegh Tajvidi/Al Jazeera] By Patrick Strickland @P_Strickland_ Booneville, Kentucky - Small clouds of cigarette smoke rise and then dissolve amid a steady chorus of small talk. The Ole Bus Stop Diner is the only restaurant in the tiny Appalachian town of Booneville that is still open for business. The others have long since closed down. Tucked between the tree-specked mountains in southeastern Kentucky, Booneville is the seat of Owsley County, an almost uniformly white community and one of the most food stamp-dependent counties in the United States. "Mind your own biscuits and it's all gravy," reads a wooden decorative sign on the wall. "It's my kitchen and I'll fry if I want to," says another. On the adjacent wall hangs a wooden plaque glorifying the constitution's Second Amendment - the one that guarantees the right to bear arms - along with a US flag and the silhouette of a rifle-toting soldier. READ MORE: White Lives Matter - A new US hate group shows its face Kayla Reed, a 22-year-old waitress at the diner and mother of a two-year-old son, says there are few opportunities for young people in Owsley County. "There's not much you can do around here," she says. "There's not really many jobs." Reed, who completed two years of university courses before returning to work after having her child, hopes to go back to school and leave Booneville . "I don't plan on raising my son here … I would rather my kid get a better education,"she says. Many young people search for work in larger cities such as Lexington or Richmond, both of which are more than an hour's drive away, Kayla explains. "I don't think [the presidential elections] make much of a difference. I'll be glad when it's over." The US Census Bureau estimated last year that Owsley county's 4,461-person population is more than 98 percent white. According to Al Jazeera's analysis of US census data, it is the nation's poorest white-majority county in terms of annual median household income. At 10.4 percent last year, the county's unemployment rate in 2015 was nearly twice as much as the national average of 5.25 percent. Worse still, Owsley county's median household income of $19,146 was just over a third of the national median income of $55,775 in 2015. More than 45 percent of Owsley county's population lives below the government-designated poverty line, including 56.3 percent of children and more than a third of those over 65. According to recent data available from the US government, more than half of personal income came from governmental monetary benefits in 2009, and at least 52 percent of the county's residents received food stamps in 2011. The Ole Bus Stop Diner is the epicentre of public life in Booneville, where Owsley county's administrative offices are located. Dozens of locals pass through the diner every hour. Some sit for a while, drinking coffee with friends; others pop in to pick up their takeaway orders. READ MORE: The US homeless camps offering a lesson in democracy A heavy set, grey-bearded man in a baseball cap, denim jacket and blue jeans saunters to the register. "Got any money with you today, boss?" the cashier asks him. "Naw," he replies. "All right boss," she says and writes his name on a pad. Across from the diner is the county court, the nucleus of the town's tiny square. Down the road a single-screen cinema, closed for more than two decades, sits in disrepair. Beyond its busted-out windows there is just darkness. Dead weeds are twined around a blank sign in the parking lot. A group of old men in baseball caps and button-up plaid shirts sit outside the courthouse, smoking their cigarettes in silence. One of them has a pistol holstered to the belt loop of his jeans. His arm rests on a walker. More than 45 percent of Owsley county's population lives below the poverty line, including 56.3 percent of children and more than a third of those over 65  [Shaghayegh Tajvidi/Al Jazeera] Lowell Morris: 'It was easier being poor back then' As is the case in many rural areas of Appalachia, poverty here is as old as the county itself. Hidden in the rough, mountainous terrain and without a railroad, the county didn't develop like many of those around it. The population of Owsley County peaked at 8,957 in 1940, according to US Decennial Census data. But mass migration from Appalachia as people left in search of work after World War II and the ongoing trickle of young people out of the region to find jobs in urban centres left the population at less than half of that. Sixty-eight-year-old Lowell Morris was born and raised in Booneville. He wears denim overalls and work boots every day and only occasionally removes his camouflage hat with its bent, blue peak and the word "Kentucky" on it. A pair of glasses sits slightly slanted on his face, a beard covers the bottom half of it. He dropped out of high school in the tenth grade so that he could work to support his grandparents, who had raised him. With his opportunities limited to working in tobacco fields, his income was meagre. Money was scarce, but life was manageable, he says. Though they lived in a small wooden shack, Lowell remembers how, on Saturdays, there wouldn't be an empty parking space in the town square and the eateries would be bustling with life. READ MORE: Life in the colonias of Texas Back then, during morning drives along the snaking hillside roads, Lowell would see bountiful tobacco farms. As he made his way out of town to a neighbouring county, he would pass dozens of coal trucks on their way to and from the mines that tunnelled through the hills. Being poor was easier in the 1950s and early 1960s, he says, because the community would band together to help those who were in need. "You didn't go to the mailbox to get a cheque," Lowell says, referring to government welfare benefits. "You didn't go to a mailbox to get food stamps. Everything came from the garden … Everybody grew what they ate." Lowell, who worked as a school security guard and volunteer deputy sheriff for more than three decades, has never married. For most of his adult life, he has taken care of his two disabled sisters. On a walk through downtown Booneville, he points out deserted businesses, a closed down barber's shop and the Hometown Cafe, empty save for a few tables and chairs and masses of dust. "None of these places could survive when Walmart came to neighbouring counties in the 80s and 90s," he says sadly. "We used to have some good times down here, I tell you what." Starting in the 1960s and 1970s, many men found work in the coal mines of neighbouring counties. But Owsley's own mines were smaller, less abundant and unable to bring in comparable revenue for the county's development. READ MORE: 'In America, rich people get richer and poor people like us get poorer' Today the tobacco fields are deserted and have grown into unruly backcountry, with towering weeds and tangled brush blanketing the land. They have been left to the elements by their former owners and money-strapped county authorities. In recent years, the closure of coal mines across the Appalachian region has left residents with ever fewer job options. On the routes out of Booneville, a handful of roads leading to old coal mining sites are sealed with padlocked gates. Smoke billows from the chimneys of old wooden homes and trailers, disappearing into the mist that clouds the town's streets and hovers above the fields. The memories of a better past haunt Owsley County, and its abandoned homes and drooping barns are testament to the incremental collapse taking place in low-income communities across eastern Kentucky. Lowell Morris, 68, was born and raised in Booneville  [Shaghayegh Tajvidi/Al Jazeera] The Mayor of Booneville: 'We're in some bad times' Ninety-seven-year-old Mayor Charles Long sits in a recliner in the living room of his two-storey, antebellum-era home in downtown Booneville. He has held office uncontested for the past 58 years. "I think we're in some bad times. They keep sayin' we're in good times, but Lord I tell you what," says Charles, who is wearing a maroon hat that reads Booneville Mayor.  "I don't know - the jobs just aren't here." The mayor mentions an industrial building erected more than a decade ago. A host of prospective tenants never materialised, and no new businesses have set up shop in years. The building sits empty. READ MORE: The US homeless camps offering a lesson in democracy "Well, when the kids get through school here usually they had to go to Ohio or Indiana to find work," Charles adds. Pictures of Booneville throughout history and of his relatives, past and present, cover the wood-planked living room walls. "There ain't nothin' here." Although a Republican, he says he doesn't plan on voting because he has little faith in Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump or his Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton to take care of small-town communities like Booneville. "I wish a good Christian man was running," he says. The mayor's proudest achievement came in the late 1960s, when the county was able to expand water and sewage services to homes outside of the town's municipal limits. Mayor Charles Long, 99, has held office uncontested for the past 58 years  [Shaghayegh Tajvidi/Al Jazeera] Katie Bennett: 'The grown-ups can do without food more than the kids' When President Lyndon B Johnson announced the signing of the Food Stamp Act of 1964 he was making permanent a pilot programme that had run for the previous three years. He said the programme "[would] be one of our most valuable weapons for the war on poverty". More than 50 years later, many residents of Booneville remain dependent on food stamps. [Food stamps] don't last the whole month. It really does [scare] me. I raise my kids alone since they been born. It's harder for a parent to do anything now Katie Bennet  A few kilometres outside of town, Katie Bennett, a 30-year-old single mother of three, sits on the porch of the Baptist Church near the hollow where she lives in a rundown trailer. Her three-year-old daughter Theresa rests in her lap, alternating between fiddling with a tiny pair of pink-rimmed, flower-printed sunglasses and taking swigs from a plastic bottle of Mountain Dew. Bennett is one of the 52 percent of Owsley County residents who rely on welfare and food stamps to survive, drawing $649 a month to feed her children and herself. Without a car or an education, she has been unable to land a job and cannot easily make it to town to search for work. Like others with no opportunities and little hope, she has struggled to put enough food on the table for her children as food stamps have been cut time and again in recent years. Single mothers, she says, feel the cuts more than anyone else. In February 2014, President Barack Obama signed into law $8.7bn in cuts to the food stamp programme, resulting in an average monthly loss of $90 for upwards of 850,000 homes across the country. "[Food stamps] don't last the whole month. It really does [scare] me. I raise my kids alone since they been born. It's harder for a parent to do anything now." The food stamps last "probably till the middle of each month", Katie says. For the rest of the month, she relies on the goodwill of neighbours and relatives to feed her daughter and two sons. Often faced with choosing between feeding herself or her children, Katie frequently goes to bed hungry. "The grown-ups can do without [food] more than kids. I love my kids; I want the best for my kids,"she concludes. READ MORE: Life on the Pine Ridge Native American reservation Nothing improves for her or the others like her after the elections, she says before heading off into the hollow and along the gravel path that leads to her trailer home. Although neither Clinton nor Trump have threatened to do away with the food stamps programme, the Republican and Democratic parties share a long history of making deep cuts to it. In Booneville, people are bracing themselves for more. Single mother of three, Katie Bennett, says food stamps only last until the middle of the month [Shaghayegh Tajvidi/Al Jazeera] Hayes Smith: 'People will starve to death if food stamps are cut' Hayes Smith, 54, stands in the driveway of his small wooden home, which shares a lot with a crumbling shack and a deserted trailer home. Surviving on $2,000 of disability benefits, received because of a back injury he suffered while working in a nursing home, he explains that "people would starve to death" if food stamps were cut entirely. Talking over the barking of two dogs chained to rusty old cars in his front garden, he explains that he used to receive food stamps. Although he plans to vote for Trump, Hayes says: "That's a shame we just got them two people to vote for. Hillary's a snake in the grass and Trump probably is too. In eight years, things will be the same here or even worse. I can see each month go by and it gets a little worse here." Against the bleak backdrop of job losses, institutional inattention, developmental neglect and negative stereotyping, many locals are openly resentful of the federal government and distrustful of outsiders and the media. Owsley County voted an overwhelming 80.9 percent Republican during the 2012 presidential elections. But many residents of the poverty-ridden county say they feel abandoned by both parties. Della and Carl Noble: 'Whether it's a Democrat or a Republican, there's no jobs' Carl Noble, a 69-year-old retiree, sits on a rocking chair on his porch watching the occasional car pass along the country road that leads from Booneville to neighbouring Breathitt County, where he worked in the coal mines for 26 years. He speaks softly, almost mumbling, and his sentences are punctuated with a wheezing sound caused by black lung disease - the result of inhaling coal dust for two-and-a-half decades. He gets up, walks cautiously towards the screen door and then disappears inside. A few moments later he is back on the rocking chair with a Pepsi in his hand. In 1996, Carl had to leave his job to have open heart surgery. Unable to work afterwards, he spent two years hopping through bureaucratic hoops to get governmental compensation for his lung condition and disability benefits. The things that Hillary and Donald stand for is just not something I like. One's no better than the other Della Today his only income is a little above $2,000 in government disability benefits. "I'm voting for the young generation. I'm voting for my grandchildren," he says. Carl's father died when he was 11 years old. With his mother receiving a monthly welfare cheque of $160 to support Carl and his 14 brothers and sisters, he dropped out of school in the eighth grade and went to Chicago to find work. Reflecting on not being able to complete his studies, he says: "Free education - I'm for it. You're in one of the poorest counties, well, in the United States." Carl was a supporter of Donald Trump until the recent media uproar over the sexist comments the Republican presidential hopeful has made. Now he plans to vote for Clinton. Although his wife, Della, says she hasn't yet decided how she'll vote, she echoes many of her husband's sentiments. She recalls how her son was unable to find a job in Owsley County after graduating from university. He spent years working in West Virginia before moving back to Booneville and finding a job in Lexington, an hour's drive away. "I would love to see [young people] have opportunities to stay in the mountains and stay with their families and see the county grow, to see our future here. It doesn't look right now," Della says. "The things that Hillary and Donald stand for is just not something I like. One's no better than the other," she adds. "There's no difference. Whether it's a Democrat or a Republican, there's no jobs." Like many residents of Booneville, Della resents depictions of low-income communities in the Appalachian region as lazy and uneducated. "People here are not respected in the way they need to be. We're looked at like backwoods people who don't know anything, but that's not right. There's good people here," she says. "The stereotype of people in the mountains in not true. I see people that want to work," she says, explaining that people don't want to be dependent on food stamps and welfare. Eric Kerl: 'Hillbillies, racist illiterates and sexual deviants' Eric Kerl is an editorial board member of the International Socialist Review Journal and a writer who focuses on the Appalachian region. He argues that mainstream media depictions of white poverty, particularly in Appalachia, is laden with sweeping stereotypes and "poor-bashing" generalisations. The phenomenon has a long history in popular culture and media coverage of the region, Eric explains, pointing to how the Appalachians are portrayed as uneducated "hillbillies, racist illiterates and sexual deviants". There is certainly no shortage of examples, he adds. Call of the Wildman, a reality television series, followed the exploits of Ernie Brown Jr, an almost completely toothless Kentuckian also known as the Turtle Man for his appearance in a viral YouTube video. For four seasons, the series documented Brown's animal removal business, following him as he went to people's homes and businesses to catch racoons, possums, snakes and other vermin. In July 2012, the show set a then-record of 1.6 million viewers in a single weekend, according to a press release published at the time on the Animal Planet channel's website. Between 2012 and 2014, the popular TV programme Here Comes Honey Boo Boo told the story of Alana Thompson, a child competitor from the reality show Toddlers and Tiaras, and her family in the southern state of Georgia. READ MORE: Reflections of a former white supremacist The show, which played on offensive tropes about obesity, poverty and the supposed ignorance of poor communities, was cancelled in 2014. Yet, at its peak it attracted more than 2.2 million viewers. In 2004, the popular comedy show Saturday Night Live (SNL) introduced a skit called Appalachian Emergency Room, which drew on stereotypes of Appalachians as uniformly poor, uneducated and dirty. Further back still, the 1973 film Deliverance - starring John Voight and Burt Reynolds, among others - tells the tale of four Atlanta men who wind up separated while canoeing in the northern Georgia Appalachia region. While trying to find their companions, two of the story's protagonists are captured by local Appalachian men who proceed to rape one of them. More recently, a series of articles in mainstream US newspapers and media outlets have deemed Appalachia as "Trump country". Last month, New York Times columnist Roger Cohen visited Paris, Kentucky, writing a portrayal of the region as almost homogenously right-wing. "Now Kentuckians are clambering aboard the Trump train - and to heck with its destination," Cohen wrote. Evoking sweeping generalisations, he continued: "The race is tightening once again because Trump's perceived character - a strong leader with a simple message, never flinching from a fight, cutting through political correctness with a bracing bluntness - resonates in places like Appalachia where courage, country and cussedness are core values." Similar stories have appeared on NBC, the Associated Press and Vanity Fair, among others. "It's about basically making the argument that poor white people in the mountains uncritically support Donald Trump, that it's a bastion of racism and uncritical politics," Eric says. In September, The Atlantic published an analysis of data on Trump supporters. Though nine out of every 10 supporters were white, the analysis concluded: "Only 23 percent of Trump's white, non-college-educated voters make less than $50,000 a year". For his part, Eric argues that Trump represents the interests of America's wealthiest class even if he commands high support among the middle class and a fair, if exaggerated, degree of support among working-class whites. "The people responsible for Donald Trump are on Wall Street - not the poor people in Appalachia." The grounds of a former coal mine in neighbouring Breathitt County [Shaghayegh Tajvidi/Al Jazeera] Cleda Turner: 'There's no such thing as equality' Despite the many challenges, several Booneville locals have dedicated their lives to the betterment of their community. Sitting in the Ole Bus Stop Diner, 67-year-old Lora Turner spins her coffee mug on the table as she speaks. Born and raised in Booneville, Lora spent the past 33 years working with churches from across the country who come to Owsley County to help build homes for poor families. She keeps a list of families and children who need housing, clothes, medicine, food and other necessities, coordinating with churches to distribute the goods. "We lived up here in a hollow and were very poor," she says, adding that she was one of 11 children. "We didn't have no electricity till I was 14 years old, but we learned to appreciate the good things in life." Speaking over the chatter of the cafe and the clatter of dishes, Lora says 133 volunteers came from a Pittsburg church to help build three homes for families in Booneville this past summer. "We got good people here." Around the corner in a shop-turned-donation centre, 68-year-old Cleda Turner fills backpacks with food and medicine for children as part of a programme run by her NGO, Owsley County Outreach. A pair of cats sleep next to one another on the shelf behind her. After living in Lexington for 37 years, Cleda and her husband came back to Booneville. After working with soup kitchens and church charities in the city, she says she was saddened to find a lack of services for hungry children. READ MORE: America's hidden homeless - Life in the Starlight Motel In 2007, she registered the NGO and focused her efforts on the Food Backpack Programme. Because many children from low-income families only have access to proper meals at the school cafeteria, the programme provides them with food packs to last the duration of a weekend. "There's little or no food in their homes on the weekend," Cleda says, explaining that she and two other volunteers deliver to the local schools an average of 180 food packs for children each Friday. The programme hasn't been without its challenges. When she first started, Cleda would give the children canvas backpacks full of food that they had to return at the end of the weekend. "We wanted to teach them responsibility, you know," she recalls. But during the first month, she noticed that the returned bags had been chewed on by what appeared to be rats or mice. "Some of the homes don't even have floors," she says by way of explanation. Yet more barriers have arisen in recent years due to a volatile combination of no work, no opportunities and little hope leaving Booneville to grapple with a surge in drug use, namely prescription-strength painkillers and methamphetamines. Cleda learned how prevalent methamphetamines were the hard way. A few months into the Food Backpack Programme, she found herself feeling increasingly ill. "I was achy and had headaches. I was just in the most awful shape I ever was," she says. After a doctor told her that she had been exposed to methamphetamine residue, she started using plastic grocery bags in place of the canvas sacks. Though Cleda considers the NGO's efforts a success, she argues that there needs to be a structural change to address the devastating poverty and hunger gripping places like Booneville. "You would think America can do that, but America has forgotten about the children," she says. "It's getting worse, and worse, and worse … You're going to always have your haves and have-nots in this country. It's because there's no such thing as equality." Cleda Turner, 68, founded an NGO and focused her efforts on the Food Backpack Programme  [Shaghayegh Tajvidi/Al Jazeera] Follow Patrick Strickland on Twitter: @P_Strickland_     Source: Al Jazeera News Content on this website is for general information purposes only. Your comments are provided by your own free will and you take sole responsibility for any direct or indirect liability. You hereby provide us with an irrevocable, unlimited, and global license for no consideration to use, reuse, delete or publish comments, in accordance with Community Rules & Guidelines and Terms and Conditions. MORE FROM AL JAZEERA Does voting third party mean a Donald Trump victory? We ask Jill Stein and debate the approach of the Black Lives Matter movement with Shaun King and Barbara Reynolds. Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, US Elections 2016 Life on the Pine Ridge Native American reservation Where life expectancy is the second-lowest in the western hemisphere and 80 percent of people are unemployed. Human Rights, United States The US homeless camps offering a lesson in democracy Overlooked in the elections, Portland’s homeless are organising their own camps on their own terms, but fear evictions. United States, US Elections 2016 The Middle East that Obama left behind New US president inherits legacy of "perpetual warfare" in the region. US Elections 2016, Middle East Related A look into America's NSM neo-Nazis A photographer followed members of the National Socialist Movement for a year, until her project came to a dramatic end. Racism, US & Canada, Gun violence, Magazine US elections: This is not a time for jokes If you believe in America, if you love this country, then the founding ideals are what you should be fighting for. US Elections 2016, Donald Trump, Politics, United States, Racism Trending 'Sold like cows and goats': India's slave brides FBI: Hate crimes against Muslims in US surge 67 percent Millennia-old mummy found in Egypt tomb ISIL claims suicide attacks in Fallujah, near Karbala The foul stench of fascism in the US For Iraq's Kurds, it's not about independence any more Spoiled Americans now want to flee what they created Turkish jets hit al-Bab in push to take ISIL's Raqqa Trump: Putin's best frenemy Palestinians condemn Israeli bills on outposts, mosques MUST-SEE PROGRAMMES Counting the Cost 'Trumponomics': Putting America first A special focus on Donald Trump's economic policy and what his presidency means for the US and the global economy. Business & Economy, Donald Trump, US Elections 2016 101 East India's Slave Brides 101 East investigates how every year, tens of thousands of girls and women in India are trafficked into slave marriages. Women, India, Human trafficking People & Power Iran's Water Crisis We investigate the race to save Iran's water, before water scarcity dries out entire cities and displaces millions. Iran, Water, Environment Witness The Father, the Son and the Jihad The Ayachis, a French-Syrian Muslim family, trade their peaceful lives in Europe for revolution in Syria. Syria's Civil War, Middle East, France News Programmes Opinion About Investigations Contact Us Video Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Podcast YouTube SnapChat © 2016 Al Jazeera Media Network About About Us Press Office Awards Code of Ethics Terms and Conditions Community Guidelines Work for us Connect Contact Us Apps Social Channel Finder TV Schedule Podcasts Newsletter Our Channels AJ + AJ Arabic AJ Balkans AJ Turk AJ Mubasher AJ Documentary Our Network AJ Human Rights Center AJ Center for Studies AJ Forum AJ Training Center AJ Film Festival AJ Learning AJ Hotel Partners   © 2016 Al Jazeera Media Network

The Spoof News Spoof news homepage ☰ Spoof NewsNews US HeadlinesUS UK HeadlinesUK World NewsWorld EntertainmentGossip Science & TechSci Tech SportSport BusinessBusiness Magazine ☰ Spoof XtraMore Spoof news archive On this day Snippets Jokes Fake Celebrity Diaries Discussion forum ☰ WritersWriters Top writers chart Writer search A-Z of writers Become a writer Search🔍   Missing cell-tower found in Rockefeller center Written by thomas o'hanlon Topics: Christmas, Holiday, Manhattan Sunday, 16 October 2016 Patsy Lang on using land line "I always had four bars and a clear line" said a distraught Patsy Lang standing in front of what was a cell tower that stood on her land for four years until it mysteriously disappeared "now I got no bars and I had to buy me a five-thousand-foot extension for my land line so I can get to Wal-Mart and back for cripes sake" The 200-foot tower disguised as a large pine tree was considered by the Carbon county locals as well as design experts to be the most beautiful of all the camouflaged cell towers. "If it was a tree it would have been the most beautiful tree I ever saw" said a somber Eddy McKallen as he happened on to the vacant site with his easel and painting supplies. "I spent hours here painting that tree. Well I suppose I can paint the empty sky, that might be easier than painting thousands of fake pine needles" he said Carbon County chief of detectives Sam Hogan was assigned to the case and after inspection of the site and some ingenious intuition began to crack it. "I looked at the base of the cell tower and saw that there were empty holes where giant metal screw had fastened the tower to it and then I remembered being here in this area hunting a few days back when I saw Gary Schmidt the tree guy cutting down a giant tree. Gary says to me 'hey Hogan Carbon county will be famous now because this here tree is going to Rockyfeller center for Christmas' that's great I says but I ain't never seen no tree screwed into the ground before." The detective said "and Schmidt tells me it must have been leaning over so someone came and supported it." After several days of pondering, Detective Hogan came to the conclusion that the missing cell tower was indeed the same tree that Gary Schmidt had removed. "Well hell" Mr. Schmidt told reporters "some feller from New York shows up and tells me he'll give me five thousand bucks to cut the son of a bitch down so I cut the son of a bitch down". Apparently the tree had been spotted by a helicopter fly over by Rockefeller center chief of Christmas tree scouting Spatz Fisher. "cell tower? Whatever! I had to have it" he explained standing under the decorated "tree" at Rockefeller center "look at it. It's the most beautiful tree I ever saw." And it seemed like every visitor, tourist, office worker, and area resident agreed with Mr. Fishers opinion. The crowds have been larger than any Christmas prior and the amount of cash flowing into mid-town Manhattan has made this a record year for profits. "So we have decided to keep it" said Mr. Spatz "we're financing a new tower for the folks in Pennsylvania and keeping this tree permanently. We'll take down the decorations in January but the tree remains standing offering its majestic presence as well as fine cell service. And of course we no longer have to cut down any more trees" he continued "which is fine by me because I hate helicopters" "well this is great news for me" said Patsy Lang from her land line while waiting to check out at the Carbon county Wal-Mart "my extension cord keeps getting-". We lost contact with Patsy at that moment but we're pretty sure we know what she was saying. Make thomas o'hanlon's day - give this story five thumbs-up (there's no need to register, the thumbs are just down there!) The story above is a satire or parody. It is entirely fictitious. Do you dream of being a comedy news writer? Click here to be a writer! Follow @thespoof RSS Follow us on Twitter More fake news stories Bill Clinton, Donald Trump Caught in Gay Affair Reports have just surfaced of a gay affair between Donald Trump and Bill Clinton Apparently, The Donald grabs more than just pussies. "Yes", confirmed Trump, "my tie has tested positive for Bill's DNA. Really, though, I just wanted to get the st... University of Perception Management releases new studies on Election Trash and State of the Onion The University of Perception Management has just released results of a massive study on "the state of smoke and trash" in the 2016 election. UPM originated in 2003 when the Bush administration demonized and invaded Iraq via claims of non-existent... American Psychological Association Announces Armageddon: Election Stress Disorder WASHINGTON - I don't think any American has been able to escape the train wreck that has become our presidential election cycle. It's hard to look away. Even harder to avoid. It has dominated virtually every fiber of American society - from the obses... Trump Groupie Trucks Clog up Interstate Drivers looking for ways to avoid traffic jams should take note of the GOP presidential nominee's campaign schedule. According to his transportation manager, Joe the Plumber, the best time to avoid traffic is the day before his rally starts. "Mov... Area Feminist Just Wants Aggressively Masculine Man to Grab Her by the Pussy ST. LOUIS, MO - Speaking to reporters on Tuesday, local feminist activist Jessica Bell revealed that all she really, really wants is to be groped by a strange man, preferably one who adheres to rigorously strict gender norms. "Really, the rougher... Beauty Queens Defend Trump: "If You Didn't Want To Suck His Dick, You Didn't Have To Enter Contest" New York, NY - A chorus of former beauty queens in Donald Trump sponsored beauty pageants today held a press conference to address charges of sexual harassment against the Republican Presidential Candidate. "We are here to say that Donald Trump... Trump's New Sexy Deportation Force: ASS Apprehending Swarthy Suspects After facing criticism for his treatment of women, Donald Trump says his new all female deportation force, ASS, is proof once again of the opportunities he creates for women. The crass billionaire touted his newly... Trump Confesses: "It was all a hoax." In an unprecedented TV interview on Fox News this morning, Donald J. Trump shocked the nation by confessing that for the past 18 months he has been a "Democrat in wolf's clothing". As the audience sat in stunned silence, he admitted that he was worki... More by this writer Related Stories... Manhattan MIRACLE! New York Man Born Again Every Day by "Old River East" (a.k.a. East River) 02 May 16 2016 Cinco de Mayo Celebrations Go All Out In Case Of A Trump Ban 24 April 16 Never Compare The Easter Bunny To Santa - He Really Hates That! 03 April 16 10 things you didn't know about Malta 01 April 16 Politically correct nativity scenes sweep Christian nations 26 January 16 Cold and Fever Exchange New Year's Resolutions to Lose Weight and Gain Weight, Respectively 02 January 16 Mumsweb Threatens Distributed Denial of Service Attack on Christmas Lunch Unless Adele is Played During Preparations. 21 December 15 Bono's Christmas Message 2015 16 December 15 Mailing List Get Spoof News in your email inbox! Email: What's 2 multiplied by 5? 5 11 10 20 Shared Pick Read Rated Can't decide? Get a random spoof news story! You are here: Spoof News / US Headlines / Missing cell-tower found in Rockefeller center Discussion Forum Become a writer! 164 readers are online right now! email password Go to top Spoof news US Headlines World News Entertainment Science & Tech Sport Business Magazine   UK News Visit TheSpoof UK Spoof Xtra Snippets Jokes Fake celebrity diaries Caption competition More funny sites Get spoof news emails RSS Feeds Discussion forum Our writers Top writers chart Featured writer: W.P. Wonder Become a spoof writer Writer search A-Z of writers Writers login   Follow us on Twitter Find us on Facebook Archive Search The Spoof Spoof news archive On this day Hot spoof news Random story About About The Spoof Site map Copyright © 2016 Spoof Media Ltd. All items on this website are fictitious. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental or is intended purely as a satire, parody or spoof. Please see our terms and conditions and disclaimer. We use cookies to give you the best experience, this includes cookies from third party websites and advertisers. ✔ Continue ? Find out more
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Tag News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted Journalist Account PRNewswire Distribution Search Progressive Real Estate Partners Leases Retail Space to Kaiser Permanente Progressive Real Estate Partners Leases Space to Kaiser in Hesperia CA   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Commercial Real Estate * Retail * Inland Empire By Industry: * Real EstateRANCHO CUCAMONGA, Calif. - Nov. 7, 2016 - PRLog -- Progressive Real Estate Partners, a leading Inland Empire retail brokerage firm, announced today that it has completed a 10-year lease with Kaiser Permanente for an approximately 8,000 square-foot retail space at 14135 Main St. in Hesperia, California.  The prime location is in the Topaz Marketplace shopping center along Hesperia's main retail corridor. Progressive Real Estate Partners retail leasing expert Paul Su exclusively marketed the property and represented the lessor.  Brian Denton of JLL in Los Angeles and Joseph Brady of the Bradco Co. in Victorville represented the lessee. Built in 2008, the 43,000 square-foot Topaz Marketplace is home to a variety of health, beauty, fitness and food users reflecting a "21st Century" tenant mix.  The space Kaiser will be occupying (a portion of former Fresh & Easy) is highly visible, has excellent parking and prominent monument signage.  The center is easily accessible and ideally situated on the main thoroughfare that a majority of Hesperia's residents use to access the heavily-traveled 1-15 freeway.  In addition, it is located at a signalized intersection with an average daily traffic count of over 42,000 cars.  Neighboring retailers include Stater Bros., Walmart, 99 Cents Only and Target as well as several national fast food users and sit down restaurants. Kaiser Permanente has provided health care services to SoCal's Inland Empire for over 70 years and serves approximately 450,000 members.  Kaiser has multiple hospital and medical office locations throughout the region.  The new location at Topaz Marketplace will provide behavioral health services and is expected to open by summer of 2017. "We are seeing more and more medical users like Kaiser select retail centers over the traditional medical office or hospital setting because they recognize the benefit of having a more prominent and accessible location and customers appreciate the convenience," according to Paul Su, Retail Leasing & Sales Specialist at Progressive Real Estate Partners.  "In addition to the prime location on Hesperia's main retail corridor, the newer construction, ample parking and monument signage made the center very attractive to Kaiser," Su added. About Progressive Real Estate Partners Progressive Real Estate Partners (PREP) is a boutique commercial brokerage firm headquartered in Rancho Cucamonga, California. Founded in 2008, the firm specializes in the leasing and sale of retail properties in Southern California's Inland Empire market.  The office is also the exclusive Inland Empire representative of the Retail Brokers Network (RBN). Since the firm's inception Progressive has completed over 500 lease and sales transactions in over 35 cities throughout the region. Progressive uses the latest marketing and brokerage techniques to help retailers and property owners achieve their real estate goals. PREP is led by Brad Umansky, founder and president. For further information visit www.progressiverep.com. You can also follow Progressive Real Estate Partners on Linkedin, Twitter (@Progressive_REP) or Facebook (facebook.com/ProgressiveRealEstatePartners). Contact Paula Dempsey ***@gmail.com End Source : Progressive Real Estate Partners Email : ***@gmail.com Listed Under- Tags : Commercial Real Estate, Retail, Inland Empire Industry : Real Estate Location : Rancho Cucamonga - California - United States A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse Dempsey Communications News Greg Bedell of Progressive Real Estate Partners Awarded Prestigious CCIM Designation Progressive Real Estate Partners Leases Jr Anchor Space in Riverside to Inland Empire Health Plan Progressive Real Estate Partners Welcomes Gretchen Lastra as Senior Retail Specialist Progressive Real Estate Partners Brokers Sale of Building in Chino, CA for $2.2M Progressive Real Estate Partners Arranges Sale of Two-Story Building for $2.5M in West Covina, CA Trending Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test MUTI/Sabre Industries Reaffirms Support for Apprenticeships during 2nd National Apprenticeship Week Wisco Hotel Group hires Regional Vice President for Milwuakee Area Toast To 2017 In High Style At The Hilton Chicago's New Year's Eve Soiree Daily News Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 470 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 188 views Energy Pro Damali Rhett to Lead The Energy Co-op - 149 views Westmount Realty Capital Hires Kristie McBee as Senior Director-Asset Management - 131 views The Chemical Company Announces Product Expansion with INVISTA's Adi-pure® Adipic Acid - 126 views Weekly News President-elect Donald Trump Recognizes Homeschool Movement - 56024 views Detroit actor relishes role, respects his character in 'Wild Faith' - 3692 views Security First International Holdings, Inc. Signs Letter of Intent to Acquire 49% of Gentec LLC - 1433 views Dog Behavior Seminar at Laughing Dog Inn, Inc - 957 views MooreCo Inc Completes the Acquisition of VanerumStelter LLC - 617 views PTC News Security First International Holdings, Inc. Signs Letter of Intent to Acquire 49% of Gentec LLC - 1433 views Say YES to Year End Savings on Quick Move-In Lennar Homes Across Colorado - 285 views New Models Open at D'Andrea Tomorrow - 181 views PM&E Inc. Is Pleased To Announce a Purchase Order for an EVADA A4 Ambulance - 158 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 123 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Feeds | Get Alerts | Journalist Account | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
null
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe Authors University rankings Education hub Our videos Download our app Our Archives Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe Authors Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti Jonathon Gatehouse John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Stephen Gordon Cathy Gulli Aaron Hutchins Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Mike Moffatt Martin Patriquin Jennifer Robson Zane Schwartz Amanda Shendruk Evan Solomon Chris Sorensen Sarmishta Subramanian Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Patricia Treble Jaime Weinman Nikki Wiart University rankings Education hub Our videos Download our app Our Archives News Politics Economy Education Culture Society Work Multimedia Follow Us Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Scott Feschuk John Geddes Scott Gilmore Jonathon Gatehouse Anne Kingston Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Martin Patriquin Shannon Proudfoot Evan Solomon All Authors Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti Jonathon Gatehouse John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Stephen Gordon Cathy Gulli Aaron Hutchins Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Mike Moffatt Martin Patriquin Jennifer Robson Zane Schwartz Amanda Shendruk Evan Solomon Chris Sorensen Sarmishta Subramanian Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Patricia Treble Jaime Weinman Nikki Wiart Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti Jonathon Gatehouse John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Stephen Gordon Cathy Gulli Aaron Hutchins Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Mike Moffatt Martin Patriquin Jennifer Robson Zane Schwartz Amanda Shendruk Evan Solomon Chris Sorensen Sarmishta Subramanian Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Patricia Treble Jaime Weinman Nikki Wiart Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   2 Why looming trade troubles are bad news for Canada International trade is slowing. Protectionism is on the rise. For a trade-dependent country like Canada, that spells big trouble. Chris Sorensen November 4, 2016 Follow @chrisser8r Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   A Hanjin Shipping Co ship is seen stranded outside the Port of Long Beach, California, September 8, 2016. (Lucy Nicholson/Reuters) Kathryn Murray has a front-row seat to the world of international commerce. The manager of Vancouver’s Mission to Seafarers, a charity that supports homesick mariners, tracks all the massive container ships—carrying everything from dishwashers to diapers—that call on bustling ports in B.C.’s Lower Mainland. But lately, she says, the industry looks vulnerable. “They’ve got these really big ships, but they don’t fully load,” says Murray. “They’re capable of holding 2,000 containers, but they’re showing up with only 800 containers on them. A lot of companies just can’t exist on that.” South Korea’s Hanjin Shipping is the most recent casualty. The company filed for protection from creditors in early September, leaving some 45 of its ships and an estimated $14 billion worth of cargo stranded at sea—including two off the B.C. coast. One of the ships, the Hanjin Scarlet, was finally allowed to come into port in Vancouver on Oct. 27. The 255-m ship’s 24 crew only had 10 days’ worth of stored food left, the fresh fruits and vegetables long gone. The shipping industry’s woes point to a much larger global economic problem: declining international trade. Since 2012, the global trade in goods and services has grown at less than half the rate of the previous 30 years. While much of the downturn can be explained by the lingering effects of the 2009 recession, some economists fear there may also be more insidious factors at play—namely a growing public backlash against globalization. Two high-profile examples: the United Kingdom’s surprise June vote to withdraw from the European Union and the intensely anti-trade rhetoric routinely being spewed by Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton during their U.S. presidential campaigns. Even Canada, a self-described “trading nation,” recently got bitten by rising anti-trade sentiment. Ottawa’s seven-year effort to negotiate a free-trade deal with the European Union was nearly scuttled by the tiny, economically depressed Belgian region of Wallonia, which last month initially refused to sign off on the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement, or CETA. There are also growing fears the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal, of which Canada is a signatory, may be dead in the water. That’s a potentially big problem for Ottawa, which was counting on more exports to pull the country out of an oil-induced slump. “More of our export shortfall may be structural than previously believed, rather than cyclical,” warned Bank of Canada governor Stephen Poloz in a recent speech. Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz. (REUTERS/Chris Wattie) Why is this happening? While economic theory says a rising tide of international trade eventually lifts all boats, it also brings disruptive change that can leave some feeling as if they’re been left to drown. In the U.S., for example, an estimated five million U.S. factory jobs disappeared over the past 15 years, with many of them moving to China and Mexico. In exchange, U.S. consumers enjoyed heaping shelves of cheap, foreign-made goods at their local Wal-Mart store—a gain, to be sure, but one that likely comes as small consolation if you’ve been handed a pink slip. If all that weren’t enough, today’s trade deals are more complicated—and controversial—than ever, reaching far behind borders to deal with issues of regulatory and legal harmonization. There’s also growing disagreement about how much more benefit they will actually yield. Yet, despite the challenges, turning our back on global trade seems a recipe for ruin. Consumers are rarely willing to pay more than necessary, and isolationism, even if it were economically desirable, is unrealistic in an era when a growing number of firms like Netflix and Amazon offer products and services via the borderless Internet. “There’s a whole frontier of 21st-century trade issues that are going to have to be discussed, debated and negotiated,” says Lee Branstetter, an economics professor at Pittsburgh’s Carnegie Mellon University. “Otherwise we could face first-order losses relative to a world where we continue to move forward.” Global trade in goods and services grew at an average annual rate of about nine per cent between 2003 and 2007, according to a recent IMF study. But it fell to just three per cent between 2012 and 2015 for goods, and just five per cent for services. Even more alarming, the slump has been remarkably widespread, with 143 of 171 countries recording trade declines over the same period. Relative to gross domestic product (GDP), the downturn is even more stark: world trade grew on average twice as fast as GDP between 1985 and 2007, according to the IMF, but in the past four years it’s barely kept pace. “Such prolonged sluggish growth in trade volumes relative to global economic activity has few historical precedents during the past five decades,” the report said. Related: Why free trade is a losing issue for Hillary Clinton Economists aren’t entirely sure what’s going on. As much as three-quarters of the downturn can probably be explained by weak domestic economies in countries around the globe, from Canada to China. The rest may be due to companies hitting a natural plateau as they fan out their manufacturing footprints across the globe. It’s also possible, according to the IMF, that the slump is being exacerbated by “the waning pace of trade liberalization over the past few years and the recent uptick in protectionist measures.” It’s certainly easy to see why someone might come to that conclusion. In June, 52 per cent of the British electorate turned back the clock on nearly a quarter-century of European integration by voting to leave the EU, the world’s largest free-trade zone, catching just about everyone off guard. The government collapsed, the pound fell to a 30-year low and snarky economists warned the British may have become the first to vote in favour of a recession. The lesson? “You’ve now got massive globalization critics throughout the world, which you have to take seriously,” says Harald Bathelt, a professor of geography and planning at the University of Toronto. Closer to home, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump continues to wage a campaign against the liberalized trade policy that’s been a hallmark of American foreign policy for half a century. He’s promised to build a towering physical wall along the U.S.-Mexican border, tear up the North American Free Trade Agreement and levy huge tariffs on Chinese and Mexican imports (even though Trump’s clothing lines are made in China and much of his real estate business’s steel is sourced there as well). Not to be outdone, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton has refused to support the TPP, prompting former prime minister Brian Mulroney to recently suggest the trade deal between the U.S., Canada, Australia, Japan and eight others “is not going to fly.” Clinton barely even defends the NAFTA deal that her husband, former president Bill Clinton, signed in 1993. Branstetter says the anti-trade rhetoric can be explained by the electoral map, with workers in Rust Belt swing states like Michigan, Ohio and Pennsylvania feeling duped by politicians who said global trade would make them richer. “Voters were promised a quick trip to the promised land, but several decades later find themselves in an economic wilderness,” he says. “If I remember my Bible correctly, what followed was a period of flirtation with idolatry—and here comes Donald Trump with his golden calf.” Canada, for the most part, has so far managed to avoid falling into a similar anti-trade trap—possibly because our more generous welfare system helped blunt the impact of the 500,000 manufacturing jobs that were lost between 2000 and 2009. But that doesn’t mean we’re unaffected by the backlash. By conventional measures, more than a third of the Canadian economy is dependent on trade—mostly with the U.S. and China. That means if we want to get the economy growing again—the IMF is predicting barely-there GDP growth of 1.2 per cent this year—Canadian firms will need to sell more goods and services overseas. No wonder, then, that Canada pushed so hard to get CETA signed last month, with Trade Minister Chrystia Freeland nearly coming to tears when it appeared negotiations were at an impasse. But CETA still has a long way to go before coming into force. It must be ratified by all 28 of the EU’s member states and scores of regional governments, including Wallonia. And many Europeans remain wary of the pact’s complex Investor State Dispute Settlement system, which could allow multinational corporations to override governments whose policies impact their profitability. “It’s not really about Canada,” says Bathelt. “It’s about a deal that’s been decided behind closed doors, and that people don’t understand.” President of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker (R), Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau (C) and EU Council President Donald Tusk (L) signed the agreement on the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA), a planned EU-Canada free trade agreement, in Brussels, Belgium on Oct., 30 2016. (Stephanie Lecocq/CP) Not everyone is wringing their hands over the uphill battle Canadian trade negotiators are facing on the other side of the Atlantic. Michael Hart, a professor emeritus at Ottawa’s Carleton University and a former official at Global Affairs Canada, says the nearly 1,600-page CETA agreement has more to do with satisfying Europe’s Byzantine internal rules than opening up brand-new markets for Canadian companies, which already export about $35 billion worth of goods and services to the EU. Even if CETA is signed and ratified, the Conference Board of Canada estimates that only an additional $1.4 billion would be added to Canada’s merchandise exports by 2022—mainly via gains in the chemical, rubber, plastics, agriculture and automotive sectors. “There comes a time,” says Hart, “when you have to do the political and economic arithmetic and ask: how much bending do we need to do for an agreement that, in my opinion, will yield fairly marginal results?” Indeed, the trade deals of the 1980s and 1990s were largely focused on reducing tariffs and thus captured much of the low-hanging fruit available to Canadian firms. Today’s deals, by contrast, tend to be focused on removing non-tariff barriers—from domestic labelling requirements to government procurement programs—all while taking steps to provide investors with a way to side-step local courts in the event a dispute arises. In short, they often require governments to rewrite laws and alter programs, which guarantees opposition from entrenched interests. “We’re now dealing with the fruit that’s at the very top of the tree,” Hart says. Hart also warns that dwindling global trade numbers should be taken with a grain of salt due to growing problems with the way they’re measured. Take the iPhone, for example. It’s officially listed as an import from China, where its final assembly takes place. But studies have shown only about US$10 of the device’s US$275 cost is related to Chinese labour since the components are sourced from throughout Asia, and the design and marketing work—which account for the bulk of phone’s price—is handled by Apple in California. The same is broadly true of many other products. The Conference Board tried to account for the phenomenon a few years ago by measuring only how much value is added to a product as it passes through a country. The results were surprising. Under the new calculations, the share of Canada’s trade-related GDP fell to just 24 per cent from 35 per cent, suggesting Canada’s dependence on trade may actually be below the world’s average, not above. The 2011 report suggested the finding may explain why Canada was less impacted by the 2009 recession than other countries: we are far less exposed to the global economy than we think we are. It may also explain why today’s cheap loonie has failed to give the economy much of an export boost. Another factor that’s weighing down global trade numbers, both in Canada and abroad, is the rising importance of services, which are also poorly measured. Branstetter, the Carnegie Mellon professor, uses the example of a Canadian couple who flies from Toronto to Bangkok, booking beach rentals through Airbnb and taxi rides on Uber. “They’re basically interacting with a global network of computers and servers, and many of the companies providing these services are headquartered in the U.S,” he says. “But very little of this counts as international trade in services.” It also means those U.S. corporations pay almost no taxes for delivering those products. Of course, just because trade may be happening without being properly tracked doesn’t negate the need for future agreements. If anything, it makes them even more important so that the full value of these new web-enabled services can be realized. But it won’t be easy. “This will require international coordinating efforts because a democracy in one part of the world may value customer data differently than another,” says Branstetter. It will likely also require countries to figure out how to properly assess taxes on the likes of Google, Facebook and others. Moreover, policy-makers must be mindful of what’s known as the bicycle theory of trade liberalization: if you stop pedalling, you fall over. Put another way, failing to push for future trade deals not only carries an opportunity cost, but threatens to unwind gains made through earlier agreements. It takes far more effort to dismantle protectionist walls than it does to build them up. Yet the trade monitoring group Global Trade Alert warns the number of protectionist measures implemented by countries this year has climbed to the highest level since 2009. The trend, if allowed to continue unchecked, threatens to raise prices for just about everything—from sweatpants to car tires. Unless, of course, you happen to be in the market for a few dozen (slightly used) ocean-bound container ships. Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   Filed under: ceta Chrystia Freeland Editor's Picks free trade Trans-Pacific Partnership Advertisement Advertisement    Post navigation Previous The inevitability of Donald Trump Next Frederick Banting on Canada’s incredible contributions to research Show comments Hide comments (2) Why looming trade troubles are bad news for Canada Chris Sorensen wrote: “Canada, for the most part, has so far managed to avoid falling into a similar anti-trade trap …”. Um, no. I know that writers and editors avoid reading comment pages, but somebody should start doing that. You will find that there is widespread, angry anti-trade sentiment in Canada. As Donald would say, “It’s Huge!” The reality is that politicians have largely been pro-trade until now. That will change as more and more uninformed and semi-literate voters climb aboard the anti-trade bandwagon. Politicians who want to be elected or re-elected will soon abandon the sensible strategy and join “NAF-EXIT”. If Trumpo wins the election, that sudden, religious conversion will happen within weeks. Reply ↓ Tangler on November 4, 2016 at 3:19 pm What we have to understand is that the trade off for free trade agreements is loss of jobs versus cheap goods. This will happen as long as we sign free trade deals with countries that have no labour or environmental laws. But these cheap goods also come with a cost. This is the cost of global warning which is a direct result of our consumerism and throw away culture which our politicians claim is necessary to keep the economy growing. What we need to ask ourselves is: 1. Is this sustainable forever? 2. What do we do with the people who get left behind. Right now we have fentanyl. If the answers to these questions are not desirable then we need to change. Reply ↓ Dough on November 7, 2016 at 6:34 pm Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Related stories In Quebec, the police are political—and that's a big problem In the Rose Garden, the wake for Barack Obama began The people for Donald Trump Hillary Clinton's qualifications were no match for sexism Be warned: The Donald Trump effect will touch us all. Popular on Maclean's   1 of 2   University Rankings 2017 5 comments Hillary Clinton’s big problem 28 comments How political satire let Americans down in the U.S. election 6 comments Stephen Bannon, far-right outsider, becomes White House insider 4 comments 2017 Program Rankings 3 comments Clinton blames FBI director for election loss 5 comments Kellie Leitch latches on to Trump victory 47 comments University rankings Canada 2017: Comprehensive 3 comments University rankings Canada 2017: Primarily undergraduate 1 comment Does Trump have to live in the White House? 3 comments Top Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Resources About Us Advertising Contact Us Site Map Subscribe Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Macleans.ca newsletters Need to know Essential reading on the national conversation. Sign up for a daily dose of news, commentary and analysis from the always thought-provoking Maclean's newsroom.† Storyline Every Saturday, we'll send you our editor's picks of the best stories on Macleans.ca† From our partners Yes! I would like Maclean's to send me alerts, information, event notifications, special deals and promotions from our carefully screened partners that they feel may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 2001-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store November 14, 2016 8:06 PM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Video Photo Advertisement Clean the slate in Pennsylvania The commonwealth should make it easier to expunge criminal records and give people a fresh start in life November 13, 2016 12:00 AM Ted Crow By Todd Spivak and Rebecca Canterbury Pennsylvania offers virtually no relief for people to shed the stigma of a criminal record that denies them access to employment, housing and government benefits. Fortunately, the commonwealth is taking a step in the right direction as a new law takes effect Monday that for the first time seals criminal records from public view for people convicted of some second- and third-degree misdemeanors, so long as they completed their punishments and stayed free from arrest for 10 years. It’s an important law, but it does not go nearly far enough. Historically, Pennsylvania has offered two legal pathways for concealing a criminal record. First, you could petition the court for an expungement, which completely erases criminal information from public view. But expungements are offered in very limited cases, such as charges resulting in dismissal and convictions for low-level summary offenses such as public intoxication and speeding tickets. Second, you could seek a pardon from the governor, which restores all rights lost due to a criminal conviction, including voting rights. But a governor’s pardon is hardly a viable option for most offenders, as the process can take years, cost many thousands of dollars in attorney fees and has a dismal success rate of less than 20 percent. On average, fewer than 100 people receive a governor’s pardon in Pennsylvania each year, whereas more than 40,000 expungements are granted annually. The new record-sealing law affords far less protection than a pardon or an expungement because the criminal information will remain accessible to law enforcement and state-licensed agencies, such as occupation boards and child-care facilities. Moreover, the new law excludes all people convicted of felonies, as well as sexual and violent crimes. Thus, Pennsylvania still offers no relief for people who, say, were convicted of assault for starting a bar fight at age 21 but served their sentence and went another 30 or 40 years without another arrest or incident. The importance of second-chance reforms cannot be overstated. Three million Pennsylvanians have a criminal record, comprising 30 percent of the adult population. They are parents of about half the state’s children. A criminal record can have life-long collateral consequences, restricting access to the most basic rights and privileges, such as employment, housing, public benefits, bank loans, voting privileges, government contracts and child-custody rights. Employment is considered the single most important influence on decreasing recidivism. Studies show that job applicants who reported having a criminal record were 50 percent less likely to receive a callback or job offer. During the last five years, nearly half the states passed more than three dozen laws aimed at sealing or expunging criminal records so low-level offenders don’t continue to suffer for minor offenses, according to the Vera Institute for Justice. Pennsylvania should follow the lead of other states that offer broader pathways for relief. For instance, earlier this year Kentucky for the first time authorized expungement and restoration of voting rights for nonviolent felony convictions. Missouri and New Jersey significantly reduced waiting periods to expunge felony and misdemeanor convictions. New Jersey went so far as to ensure automatic and immediate expungement of non-conviction records. By contrast, Pennsylvania requires people to petition the court, pay filing fees and wait about a year to erase a criminal record even though charges were dismissed or withdrawn. People who fail to seek expungement remain burdened by a criminal record that can significantly inhibit employment prospects. Pennsylvania should join roughly half the states, as well as many major employers, such as Walmart, Starbucks and Facebook, that have adopted ban-the-box policies, which removes the conviction-history question on job applications and delays background-check inquires until later in the hiring process. Research indicates that employers are more willing to hire applicants after first examining their qualifications for the job. The Pennsylvania Legislature is considering two bills that would further expand options for expungement and record-sealing. These so-called clean-slate bills would automatically and immediately seal non-conviction records such as withdrawals, dismissals and not-guilty verdicts. They would automatically seal records after 10 years for most misdemeanor convictions. They would eliminate the exception that allows occupational- and state-licensing boards to view sealed records. In addition, the clean-slate bills would save money for taxpayers by reducing criminal-justice costs and increasing tax revenues as more people get back to work. More important, they would improve public safety by giving offenders a fresh start that enhances their prospects of finding employment and living crime-free lives. Todd Spivak and Rebecca Canterbury, attorneys at Spivak Law Firm in Dormont, handle family law and criminal defense, including orders to expunge or limit access to criminal records. Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Join the conversation: Commenting policy | How to report abuse To report inappropriate comments, abuse and/or repeat offenders, please send an email to socialmedia@post-gazette.com and include a link to the article and a copy of the comment. Your report will be reviewed in a timely manner. Thank you. Commenting policy | How to report abuse Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Email Newsletters Contact Us Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Corrections Technical Help? Products & Services Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Print: Back Copies Become a carrier FAQ Home Delivery Newsstand Rates   Electronic: PGe Copyright © 1997—2016 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null

Share 1.6k Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-14 Joy Anna Duggar Featured In Family Instagram With Baby After Birthday, Jim Bob And Michelle Want Daughter Courting And Engaged? Entertainment 2016-11-14 ‘People’s’ Sexiest Man Alive 2016: Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson Entertainment 2016-11-14 Was Bradley Cooper Really The Only White Guy At The White House BET Party? Dave Chappelle Gets Candid On ‘SNL’ Entertainment 2016-11-14 Jessa Duggar Pregnant, Hides Baby Bump On Seewald Family Blog And Instagram After Jinger Duggar’s Wedding News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-14 Fake Facebook Trump News Brings Teens $3,000 Per Day: Ford Shifts From Mexico To Ohio Under President Obama, Not Trump News 2016-11-14 Is Donald Trump A White Supremacist? Upcoming KKK Parade And Chief Strategist Steve Bannon Cause Concern [Video] News 2016-11-14 ‘Young & Restless’ Pedophile Corey Sligh Arrested For Child Molestation After His Parents Turned Him In News 2016-11-14 Hillary Clinton: No Obama Pardon Issued, Clinton Didn’t Apply For One Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-14 Rockstar Games Removes The Unlock Requirements On More ‘GTA Online’ Heist Vehicles This Week For The Third Anniversary Of ‘Grand Theft Auto V’ Science 2016-11-14 The New Zealand Earthquake Was So Powerful It Literally Made The Sky Change Color [Video] Gaming 2016-11-14 ‘Pokemon GO’s’ Lapras Event Disturbingly Morbid, But Shows The Game’s Immense Power Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Halo’ 15th Anniversary To Be Celebrated Next Week, Developer 343 Industries Talks Event And Teases Future ‘Halo 5’ Plans BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 ‘Pawn Stars’ Update: Chumlee As Kylo Ren And Donald Trump Jr. And Other Stars Visit Shop While Filming Season 13 Continues BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Hatchimals Are Must-Have Toys This Holiday Season: How Can You Get Your Hands On One? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 New School Dormitory Doors Vandalized With Drawings Of Swastikas SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Eight Lies Progressives Were Told About What Will Happen If Trump Wins Opinion 1.6k 0 0 November 9, 2016 Eight Lies Progressives Were Told About What Will Happen If Trump Wins Caitlin Johnstone The following article is entirely the opinion of Caitlin Johnstone and does not reflect the views of the Inquisitr. I’m so angry right now. A lot of good-hearted progressives are needlessly trembling with fear today, and it’s all the fault of the despicable tactics run for a year and a half by the amoral Clinton campaign. There were many lies that were told to frighten Americans into voting in support of Hillary, concocted by the neoliberal think tank and reported as fact by the corporate media (with at least some modicum of moderation and accountability) and by paid internet shills (with absolutely none). They brutalized the American psyche with baseless fearmongering, and people are still suffering from it for no good reason. And now rather than seizing this unprecedented moment of opportunity for the American people to begin demanding what they want from the political establishment on the left, progressive pundits are fanning the flames of fear about what Shaun King calls “a dangerous and nefarious foe” with cartoonish hyperbole. Democrats Begin Guilt Trip Campaign To Pressure People Into Supporting Historically Awful Candidate https://t.co/643ucegW0B — 51 years a Democrat (@AngryVoters) August 6, 2016 Everybody breathe. We’ve got this. There are things we need to watch out for in the coming years, but things are a lot safer than the tactics of the Clinton campaign and its accomplices have led us to believe. Here are eight lies they told us to trick us into supporting their warmongering anointed queen. 1. “The Supreme Court will be set back 30 years and Roe vs. Wade will be repealed if you don’t support Hillary Clinton!” No, it won’t. People made this argument over and over again as though America has never had a Republican president before. As Commander-in-Chief, an American president has a lot more power over U.S. foreign policy than they do over domestic policy. Despite Trump’s assurances to his Republican base that he will help make America the only major country to ban abortion, he simply doesn’t have the ability to do this. The only real sway that U.S. presidents have over these issues is their ability to nominate Supreme Court justices, who for some bizarre reason still serve lifetime terms, so this ability is dependent upon justices either dying or retiring. If Trump serves a single term, we can reasonably expect him to replace two, maybe three justices at the very most, as we’ve discussed before. Three replacements would bring us back to the same liberal-to-conservative SCOTUS ratio we had when Obama took office. Should the political left repeat its same idiotic blunders once again in 2020 and get Trump re-elected, we can perhaps expect a fourth, which would bring the liberal-to-conservative ratio back to what it was during the Reagan administration. Do you remember when Roe v. Wade was repealed during the Bush administration? Me neither. Do you remember when it was repealed during the Reagan administration? Me neither. Supreme Court compositions fluctuate over time, they always have, and they’re meant to. We’re going to be okay. The Supreme Court Is Not A Valid Reason To Support Hillary https://t.co/ayaEgA2kQw #JillNotHill #NeverHillary #NeverTrump — SupaScoopa (@SupaScoopa_) September 29, 2016 2. “Trump will start a nuclear war if you don’t elect Hillary Clinton!” This ridiculous notion was largely sparked by a baseless rumor that somebody heard through somebody else who once heard Trump ask an advisor three times regarding nuclear weapons, “If we have them, why can’t we use them?” It was started by Joe Scarborough, whose show Morning Joe WikiLeaks reveals gets angry calls from their bosses at the DNC whenever they step outside the preferred narrative of the Democratic elite. As Snopes reports, Scarborough never substantiated the claim, Trump denied it, and that was the last we ever heard about it, but people started unquestionably repeating it as though it was a real thing that actually happened. So we’ve got what is in effect an unsubstantiated rumor started by a man who is essentially an employee of the Democratic establishment being cited as evidence that Trump was somehow a greater nuclear threat than Hillary Clinton, which as we’ve discussed before, could not be further from the truth. Clinton was the one consistently pushing for a war with a nuclear superpower (a fact which she never even tried to hide, much less deny) after a career history of consistently pushing for disastrous acts of military aggression. As Time reports, Trump has demonstrated a clear understanding that the nuclear option is a weapon of absolute last resort and stated on more than one occasion that he’d be the last to use nukes. Hillary never gave us any such reassurance. 3. “Trump will start World War Three if you don’t elect Hillary Clinton!” Trump has, in fact, run the least hawkish presidential campaign in recent Republican history, pushing a platform of non-interventionism and diplomacy. Instead of going to war with Russia or starting a proxy war in Syria, he wants to collaborate with Russia to fight terrorism, and he’s said North Korea is China’s problem. He’s surely said some gross things, and he’s surely done some unethical things, but he’s never killed anyone and seems to possess a normal human being’s respect for the value of human life. That’s a trait we haven’t seen in a U.S. president for a long, long time. He wants to make deals and “get along with everybody,” a position he reiterated in his victory speech last night. 4. “You’ll bring fascism/Nazism to America if you don’t elect Hillary Clinton!” No. Just no. I do not believe that most of the people who are thinking about voting for Mr. Trump are racist or sexist. — Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) November 5, 2016 5. “Trump supporters will be out in the streets brutalizing gays and minorities if you don’t elect Hillary Clinton!” Seriously, no. Stop this nonsense. These are the people Bernie was trying to help, the victims of the Walmart/welfare trap with the same kinds of struggles you and I have. Bernie was right when he said the other day, “I do not believe that most of the people who are thinking about voting for Mr. Trump are racist or sexist. Some are, but I think most are people who are hurting, they’re worried about their kids, they’re working longer hours for lower wages.” The Project Veritas videos revealed that the perception that Trump supporters are violent was paid for by Clinton super PACs, who paid agitators to deliberately incite violence in front of news cameras. People lost their jobs when those videos came out, so we can be sure what they revealed was legit. Contrary to the yarn the alarmists are trying to spin, your country has not been hijacked by Nazis and white supremacists. It has been hijacked, for the first time, by the will of the people over the will of the oligarchs. People who, just like you and I, are sick of the status quo and know something urgently needs to change, because what we’ve been doing is suicide. They don’t agree with us progressives about what’s the best political approach to those problems, but that won’t matter until the Democratic party stops using its progressive base like toilet paper or we replace them with a viable new progressive party. For now, the important thing is that they’re human beings just like you and me, and no amount of idiotic culture war is going to change that. 6. “Trump will immediately deport 11 million immigrants unless you vote for Hillary Clinton!” Trump walked back on this promise months ago and now espouses a position much like that of Obama, who has deported more immigrants than any other president without any complaint from the Democrats. Donald Trump is a WWE Hall-of-Famer who knows how to work a crowd and get people on his side; he’s not an idiot. Nobody’s going to wage a war on 11 million people in a country of 319 million. Here’s an article from The Atlantic about Trump’s actual position now that he’s got the Republicans on his side. Is Donald Trump reversing his stance on immigration? https://t.co/qqnCXGyJvX pic.twitter.com/ZZqboGW24E — The Atlantic (@TheAtlantic) August 24, 2016 7. “Trump will instate racist stop-and-frisk policies all over America if you don’t vote for Hillary Clinton!” Trump has indeed spoken in favor of these racist policies, which is disgusting, but the President of the United States has no capacity to make such changes. Be disgusted, be outraged, but don’t be afraid. 8. “Trump will ban all Muslims from America if you don’t vote for Hillary Clinton!” International Business Times reports that Trump walked this one way back, too. Once he gained the support of the Republican base, he switched to a much more moderate position of wanting careful vetting of immigrants who come from countries with high rates of terrorist activity, which isn’t much different from what we’re already doing. I could go on and on with these, but it would mostly devolve into me pointing out that Hillary is much more guilty of the things she tries to scare us about Trump doing, and that’s not a worthwhile conversation to have. The important thing is that we shake off the fear, panic, and paralysis, and start mounting our progressive revolution. We now have more negotiating power than we’ve ever had before over the Democratic party, and if they won’t join us in the progressive awakening, we will create a party that will. Relax Progressives, It’s Going To Be Okay https://t.co/aB0OqpTnGC Some things need to be said. — Brian (@BrianYauger_) November 9, 2016 Remember how silly the conservatives sounded to us when they said Obama was going to open America’s borders, give every illegal immigrant free welfare and take everyone’s guns? See how wrong they were? Well, this is that. 2016 will forever serve as a severed head on a spike to warn officials of the political left what happens when you ignore the will of your base. There has never been a more exciting time to be a progressive in America. So shake off the bought-and-paid-for fear, it didn’t win her the election and it has no place in your body right now. Shake off the fear, shake hands with the nearest Trump supporter, congratulate them and say “Okay then, let’s make America great. Listen, I have a few ideas…” [Featured Image by Lawrence Jackson/AP Images] Now Watch This: Val Chmerkovskiy Sued For $6 Million After Posting Insulting Meme Now Read This: Bernie Voters Know Trump May Actually Do More To Put Progressives In Power Than Clinton Could Share 1.6k Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Caitlin Johnstone Tags: campaign, clinton, Hillary, Immigrants Comments LATEST HEADLINES Will Brad Pitt And Angelina Jolie Get Back Together? Her Father Jon Voight Weighs In PacketSled CEO Matt Harrigan Placed On Leave After Trump Death Threat Which He Says Was A Joke Rockstar Games Removes The Unlock Requirements On More ‘GTA Online’ Heist Vehicles This Week For The Third Anniversary Of ‘Grand Theft Auto V’ Mandy Moore: ‘This Is Us’ Episode 7 Secret Will Divide The Pearson Family ‘WWE Monday Night Raw’ Results: November 14, ‘Survivor Series’ Go-Home Show — Live Updates Fake Facebook Trump News Brings Teens $3,000 Per Day: Ford Shifts From Mexico To Ohio Under President Obama, Not Trump Is Donald Trump A White Supremacist? Upcoming KKK Parade And Chief Strategist Steve Bannon Cause Concern [Video] Week 6 Thursday Night Football Preview: Saints At Panthers — Injury Updates, Fantasy Football Projections, Vegas Odds Samsung Makes Its Biggest Deal Ever: Buys Harman Audio In $8 Billion All-Cash Deal To Speed Ahead In Smart Car Technologies ‘Young & Restless’ Pedophile Corey Sligh Arrested For Child Molestation After His Parents Turned Him In Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 51.5k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 27.7k 0 0 Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 226.3k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 22.5k 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 78.4k 0 0 Forget Mars, Trump Wants NASA To Visit Jupiter’s Moon Europa And Explore The Solar System 11.6k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 9.9k 0 0 Recent Headlines Rockstar Games Removes The Unlock Requirements On More ‘GTA Online’ Heist Vehicles This Week For The Third Anniversary Of ‘Grand Theft Auto V’ 0 0 0 Mandy Moore: ‘This Is Us’ Episode 7 Secret Will Divide The Pearson Family 7 0 0 Fake Facebook Trump News Brings Teens $3,000 Per Day: Ford Shifts From Mexico To Ohio Under President Obama, Not Trump 5 0 0 Is Donald Trump A White Supremacist? Upcoming KKK Parade And Chief Strategist Steve Bannon Cause Concern [Video] 2 0 0 Week 6 Thursday Night Football Preview: Saints At Panthers — Injury Updates, Fantasy Football Projections, Vegas Odds 1 0 0 Samsung Makes Its Biggest Deal Ever: Buys Harman Audio In $8 Billion All-Cash Deal To Speed Ahead In Smart Car Technologies 1 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.

null
GoSearch Replay: WGNT at 7 News 3 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WTKR.com Menu News Politics Health Taking Action Sports Coast Live Contests Team 3 Events WGNT Traffic Weather 57° 57° Low 47° High 59° Tue 41° 62° Wed 47° 64° Thu 45° 62° See complete forecast Former Portsmouth Police Officer Stephen Rankin breaks silence in BBC documentary Posted 5:01 pm, November 9, 2016, by Gabriella DeLuca, Updated at 05:27pm, November 9, 2016 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email PORTSMOUTH, Va. – For the first time, we’re hearing from former Portsmouth Police Officer Stephen Rankin. He’s been behind bars for almost a month after being sentenced for shooting and killing 18-year-old William Chapman. “I did exactly what I was trained to do. I followed the policy step by step and training step by step. I followed the law,” Rankin told film crews. After months of staying quite, and avoiding the media, he defended himself to the BBC in a documentary called “Unarmed Black Male.” BBC profiled his case, using it as an example of the one of the hundreds of police shootings last year. “There are so many people out there that are trying to kill you for no reason. I can’t tell you how many times I’ve been assaulted on the job. It’s part of the job,” Rankin said. Back in 2015, Rankin shot and killed William Chapman in the Walmart parking lot on Frederick Boulevard after a shoplifting call. Chapman didn’t have a weapon. The BBC also spoke to Chapman’s mother, Candy. “I didn’t want to hear it. I didn’t ant it to be true,” Candy said. A large portion of the film focused on the trial, honing in on Rankin’s testimony. “I didn’t find out that I was going to take the stand until a week before the trial. Everyone assumed I just knew, so it kind of got dropped on me,” Rankin said. Rankin’s wife, Dawn, was by his side, and is happy with the way the documentary turned out. “They did what they were supposed to do. They got people that liked him and people that thought he was not so nice. They did it fairly. I don’t think they portrayed him in any negative way. I think it was just the information they had, and this is what they put out,” Dawn told News 3. Rankin will serve two and a half years in prison. While he’s serving time, his lawyers will continue filing their appeal. Filed in: News Topics: portsmouth, Stephen Rankin Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Team 3 Professionals Visit them today! Popular Crews battle fire at Virginia Beach shopping center First-ever Comic Con cruise sets sail in January Twins born as Daylight Saving Time ends cause rare age twist Ku Klux Klan announces Trump victory parade in North Carolina Latest News Police investigating after 14-year-old shot two times in Newport News AMBER alert issued for 4-year-old Virginia girl believed to be in extreme danger Mary Jo White, Chair of SEC, leaving before Trump takes office The mom who wants to “Make America Kind Again” News Chapman’s family attorney plans lawsuit against Portsmouth, former police chief, and Rankin News Jury finds Stephen Rankin guilty of voluntary manslaughter, recommends 2.5 year sentence News News 3 Exclusive: Former officer’s wife speaks out about her husband’s manslaughter conviction News Former Portsmouth Police Officer sentenced to 2.5 years for voluntary manslaughter News 911 calls made the day William Chapman died and video the defense will use in appeal released News Jury goes home after Day 1 of deliberations in former Portsmouth officer’s murder trial News City of Portsmouth reaches $1 million settlement with family of teen killed by officer News Closing statements done in former Portsmouth officer’s murder trial, jury to deliberate Wednesday News Juror in murder trial of former police officer speaks out News Defense attorneys want to keep Stephen Rankin out of jail during possible appeal News Former Portsmouth Police Officer’s defense team starts appeal process in manslaughter case News William Chapman’s mom meets with others whose kids were killed by police News Community activists banned from Walmart where teen was killed by police Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App WTKR Weather Android App WTKR Weather iPhone App Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 720 Boush Street, Norfolk, VA 23510 • Copyright © 2016, WTKR • A Dreamcatcher Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Subscribe to Bureau County Republican 52°FFairFull Forecast News News Home Local Business/Agriculture Meetings/Minutes Obituaries Records Corrections Sports Sports Home Local Columnists Today's Ticket Scoreboard Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Opinion Opinion Home Columnists Letters From the Editor's Desk Lifestyle Lifestyle Home More Lifestyle Education Entertainment Religion Celebrations Records/Obituaries Obituaries Police/Fire Courts Births Property Transfers Public Notices Share   Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Birthday Announcements Campus Report Engagement Announcement Letters to the Editor Place a Classified Ad Press Releases Subscribe to the Bureau County Republican Temporary Subscription Stop Wedding Announcement More About Us Advertise Deals Business Showcase Contact Us Contests Coupons eEdition Follow Us Get Newsletter Lottery Newspapers in Education Photo Store Place a Classified Ad Printing Privacy Policy Reader's Choice Submit News Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest BCR Alerts Weather Username: Password:   Forgot Password?|Register News Sports Pro Football Weekly Opinion Video Lifestyle Records/Obituaries Cars815 Photo Store Public Notices eEdition Share More Jobs Wheels Classified Spring Valley studies possible grants Published: Wednesday, Nov. 9, 2016 3:30 p.m. CST • Updated: Thursday, Nov. 10, 2016 10:35 a.m. CST By Becky Kramer - news@bcrnews.com SPRING VALLEY — The Spring Valley City Council learned about a grant that could benefit the city’s industrial park. On Monday, Nov. 7, Nora Fesco-Ballerine, director of the North Central Illinois Council of Government (NCICG), addressed the council about a possible grant. The grant is available through the Illinois Department of Transportation and is a 50/50 matching grant which would cover half of the costs of building a new road in the city’s industrial park. The city would financially have to cover the other half of the project. Spring Valley has also received a USDA grant to help with the cost of the road which would connect the west end of Wolfer Park Industrial Road to Route 29. Mayor Walt Marini attended a meeting last week and learned the Community Development Assistance Program (CDAP) grant money has been released by the government. According to the website www.illinois.gov, the Department of Commerce has awarded approximately $140 million since 1983  in CDAP grants to more than 180 local units of government throughout the state to help them provide financial assistance to businesses locating or expanding within their boundaries. Marini would like to be able to put some of the grant money in a revolving fund to loan to small businesses, and then as the money is repaid, it will be put back in the fund to loan to another business. The finance committee will meet at 6:30 p.m. Nov. 14 to discuss the grant. Also that evening, the water and sewer committee and public health and safety committee will meet. In other business: • Spring Valley Police Chief  Kevin Sangston is upgrading the surveillance at City Hall. • Mike Richetta of Chamlin and Associates provided an update on the wastewater treatment plant. He also explained the water towers at Walmart Distribution and St. Bede Academy were recently inspected. • The lighted Santa Parade will be held at 6 p.m. Nov. 26. • Residents are reminded leaves that will be vacuumed need to be on berm and not on the street. • The public health and safety committee met Oct. 31 to discuss the revitalization grant application by attorney Jacob Frost. The board approved the request, pending no heavy equipment will be on the sidewalks. • The legislative committee also met that evening to discuss several issues. The committee made changes to the employee handbook that were required by state law. • The Spring Valley vacant building and property ordinance passed. • An ordinance was also passed regarding the possession of cannabis and drug paraphernalia. The ordinance says if a person is caught with not more than 10 grams of cannabis, there will be a $100 minimum fine and $200 maximum fine. Under 10 grams is considered an ordinance violation. • The council donated $100 to TUBA Christmas. This organization is having a free concert at Celebrations at 4:30 p.m. Dec. 18. The concert is free and open to the public. Audience members are asked to bring a non-perishable food item to donate to the local food pantries to share with those in need this holiday season. The Spring Valley Food Pantry will be one of the benefactors of the concert. • The council also approved a  $250 donation to St. Margaret’s Hospital Foundation. • The council had a moment of silence for former Peru Mayor Don Baker. The next meeting will be held at 7 p.m. Nov. 21 at City Hall. Comment on this story at www.bcrnews.com. Previous Page|1|2|Next Page| Comments More News Surviving the elementsNov. 14, 2016 - 4:48 pm It’s Christmas time in the cityNov. 14, 2016 - 4:49 pm Christmas in the Valley ...Nov. 14, 2016 - 4:49 pm Regional Transportation Committee to meet FridayNov. 14, 2016 - 4:50 pm Miller sentenced for failure to report an accident resulting in deathNov. 14, 2016 - 3:53 pm Late state payments causing BPART to make changesNov. 14, 2016 - 3:49 pm Comments Local Business Guide Featured Businesses Loading... Business Name address Location, ST | website.com Nightlife/Bars & Restaurants Beauty Salons Entertainment in Princeton Doctors & Medical Specialists Contractors & Construction Education in Princeton Lawn Services Lawyers in Princeton Shopping in Princeton Travel to Princeton Tanning in Princeton Used Cars in Princeton Wedding Services ▼ Search for a business Add your business here + About Us | Contact Us | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs Local Business Showcase | Today's Ads Customer Service: (815) 875-4461 Copyright © 2016 Bureau County Republican. All rights reserved. Published in Princeton, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Place an Ad Advertise Subscribe Subscriber Services Search e-Edition Privacy Policy Terms News Breaking Business Education Health Politics Obituaries Funeral Notices Sports BVarsity College Condors Motor Sports Community Sports Events Art Business Community Health Music Religion Sports Theater Entertainment Food Music Arts & Theater Marketplace Homes Cars Jobs More Opinion Columnists Multimedia Sponsored Bakersfield Life Special Sections About Us Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 76° Clear Bakersfield, CA (93301) Today Clear. Tonight A clear sky. Low around 50F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 14, 2016 @ 3:54 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Place an Ad Advertise Subscribe Subscriber Services Search e-Edition Privacy Policy Terms News Breaking Business Education Health Politics Election 2016 Off the Press Opinion 2016 Presidential Election Results 2016 Local Election Results 2016 California Proposition Results Obituaries Funeral Notices Sports BVarsity College Condors Motor Sports Community Sports Events Art Business Community Health Music Religion Sports Theater Entertainment Food Music Arts & Theater Marketplace Homes Cars Jobs More Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit Community Voices Submit Columnists Herb Benham Jose Gaspar Lois Henry Olivia Garcia Richard Beene Robert Price Steve Merlo Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Sponsored Bakersfield Life Special Sections 150th Anniversary Bakersfield Business Conference Kenny Graham Merle Haggard Seasons Close Courtesy of John Dodd Rous Grocery on 19th Street was owned by Octave Virgile Raphael Roux. In the market for local history BY STEFANI DIAS sdias@bakersfield.com sdias Nov 9, 2016 0 Courtesy of John Dodd Rous Grocery on 19th Street was owned by Octave Virgile Raphael Roux. When people talk about history, they expect to pore over old photos or records. But when it comes to grocery stores, you can hop in the car or walk over to Chester Lane Market. Historian John Codd notes it is part of Bakersfield’s living history. “That’s the oldest continuously running grocery store in town. It started way back in the ‘20s.” After a few name changes, it settled on the current title in the 1950s, said Codd, who will include the shop in his program, “History of Bakersfield Grocery Stores,” Tuesday at Beale Memorial Library. The program is the penultimate presentation this year for the Kern County Genealogical Society, whose volunteers staff the Genealogical Room at the library. Codd is a member of the society and serves as treasurer for the Kern County Historical Society. And as far as grocery store cred goes, he worked for Vons for 36 years as a manager. Retired from the industry, he remains enthralled with the history of markets, which have existed since the earliest settlements. “It’s the most integrated place there is. You might be a millionaire and you’re next to the poorest guy in town checking out. Everybody is there, everyone comes to the grocery store at one time or another. “What interests me is the fact that so many have come and gone. There are over 200 grocery outlets in Bakersfield right now. Everything from the big Costcos to ampm type things. That fascinates me, that many choices to buy your milk and bread.” Tuesday’s program will not follow a chronological order but will include some of the city’s earliest grocery stores: Chester’s Store, owned by George Chester, entrepreneur and Bakersfield’s first postmaster, and Borgwardt Meat Market. “Henry Borgwardt’s shop was on 19th Street. He sold his market in 1890 so that’s way back there.” Speaking of 19th Street, Codd said it was a thriving site for commerce with the streetcars, which ran through what is now downtown and Old Town Kern from 1888 until 1942. “There were three of them on 19th Street in the 1920s. Nineteenth Street was actually a big street in Bakersfield back in the day.” Other spots Codd noted are Green Frog, Food Town, Alta Vista Market, Sears Market (no connection to the department store) and Young’s Market. Of today’s market, he warily eyes the rise of the Walmart Neighborhood Markets — “they are going to tell you what you will eat for dinner” — and lauds mid-level chains as well as growing specialty stores like Vallarta and Carniceria La Carreta, which opened a second location on Calloway in April. “It’s a beautiful little store but most independents don’t have the money to do that. Stop in and look at it. They have variety and a beautiful meat department.” Codd said after his presentation he’ll have time for questions and additional discussion. As for the topic, he said he may have just scratched the surface. “I have enough to do another whole PowerPoint (presentation). There are some interesting ones. ” "Grocery Stores Of Bakersfield" What: Kern County Genealogical Society program with historian John Codd When: 1 to 2:30 p.m. Tuesday Where: Tejon Room, Beale Memorial Library, 701 Truxtun Ave. Information: kerngenealogical.org sdias Follow sdias Close Get email notifications on sdias daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever sdias posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow sdias Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Local Video Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Bakersfield Marathon to close streets down Sunday LOIS HENRY: Oilfield water proves safe for irrigation — again LOIS HENRY: Trustee upset by harsh press: Someone call a waaambulance A day to smile for 12 college-bound athletes Charges being sought against latest KHSD chief put on leave Festive first Bakersfield Marathon has late start, quiet finish Goh widens her lead in mayor's race Valley fever cases spike. Is it the weather? Uncounted ballots remain: What's in play? Zach Ewing's Week 12 (First-round playoffs) previews and predictions Images Videos Commented How do we convince anti-oil activists our water is safe? (7) LOIS HENRY: Trustee upset by harsh press: Someone call a waaambulance (6) Community Voices: KHSD board is dead wrong about guns on campus (5) Community Voices: Bakersfield is drowning in debt (5) LOIS HENRY: Oilfield water proves safe for irrigation — again (5) Why Lyle Martin should be our next BPD chief (4) Kern County Counsel Theresa Goldner resigns abruptly (4) LOIS HENRY: Even more testing confirms safety of treated oilfield water (3) Former BPD detective Patrick Mara sentenced to 5 years for drug trafficking (3) Court documents refute claims in Valadao attack ad (3) Today's e-Edition Login Subscribe Sections News Obituaries Sports Opinion Entertainment Columnists Multimedia Sponsored Bakersfield Life Online Features Services Subscriber Services Submission Forms Place an Ad Marketplace Events Email Alerts Search Weather Contact Information Bakersfield.com 1707 Eye Street Bakersfield, CA 93301 Phone: (661) 395-7500 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com Follow Us © Copyright 2016 Bakersfield.com, 1707 Eye Street Bakersfield, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»WAL-MART AKTIE»Research and Markets - Global Photo Merchandising Market CAGR Growth of 9.69% by 2020 - Trends, Technologies & Opportunities Report 2016-2020 - Vendors: Walmart, Smilebox, Vistaprint WAL-MART STORES INC 66,13  Euro +0,874 +1,34 % WKN: 860853  ISIN: US9311421039 Ticker-Symbol: WMT  Frankfurt | 14.11.16 | 08:15 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHandel AktienmarktDJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 65,24 65,95 14.11. 65,58 65,74 14.11. 09.11.2016 | 21:11 (4 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Research and Markets - Global Photo Merchandising Market CAGR Growth of 9.69% by 2020 - Trends, Technologies & Opportunities Report 2016-2020 - Vendors: Walmart, Smilebox, Vistaprint DUBLIN, November 9, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Photo Merchandising Market 2016-2020" report to their offering. The global photo merchandising market is forecast to grow at a CAGR of 9.69% during the period 2016-2020. Commenting on the report, an analyst from the research team said: The availability of alternate payment options will be one of the major trends in the market. According to the report, the increasing sales of smartphones and tablets will be one of the major factors that will drive the growth of the market. Further, the report states that the short window of product uniqueness will be one of the major challenges influencing market growth. The study was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the industry. The report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors. Questions Answered: What will the market size be in 2020 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving this market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? Companies Mentioned: American Greetings Corporation HP Shutterfly Walmart CafePress CVS Pharmacy Hallmark Cards Rite Aid Smilebox Target Corporation Vistaprint Walgreens Report Structure: PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Scope of the report PART 03: Market research methodology PART 04: Introduction PART 05: Market landscape PART 06: Market segmentation by type PART 07: Market segmentation by distribution medium PART 08: Buying criteria PART 09: Geographical segmentation PART 10: Key leading countries PART 11: Market drivers PART 12: Impact of drivers PART 13: Market challenges PART 14: Impact of drivers and challenges PART 15: Market trends PART 16: Vendor landscape PART 17: Appendix PART 18: About the Author For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/28xqgh/global_photo Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 © 2016 PR Newswire Nachrichten zu CIMPRESS NV Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Mi Research and Markets - Global Photo Merchandising Market CAGR Growth of 9.69% by 2020 - Trends, Technologies & Opportunities Report 2016-2020 - Vendors: Walmart, Smilebox, Vistaprint DUBLIN, November 9, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Photo Merchandising Market 2016-2020" report to their offering. The global photo merchandising... ► Artikel lesen 04.11. Cornelius David Arends Purchases 2,050 Shares of Cimpress NV Stock ► Artikel lesen 02.11. Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Cimpress NV Increased by Jefferies Group ► Artikel lesen 01.11. Cimpress: Getting Difficult To Ignore The Challenges Faced By The Business ► Artikel lesen 31.10. Cimpress NV Upgraded to Hold by Axiom Securities ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu WAL-MART STORES INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 00:19 Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Is Cashing Out of Walmart ► Artikel lesen Mo Wal-Mart earnings: Investments could put pressure on results ► Artikel lesen Mo Target (TGT) vs. Walmart, Analysts Discuss ► Artikel lesen Mo Walmart reveals Black Friday 2016 plans ► Artikel lesen Mo Group Enlists IBM's Watson to Answer Walmart Workers' Questions ► Artikel lesen Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Business Sports Packers Opinion Go 920! Life Outdoors Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home News Business Sports Packers Opinion Go 920! Life Outdoors Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Search social Follow Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 10 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Commentary: Dakota Access versus the American Way Commentary: Dakota Access is the opposite of the American way Post to Facebook Commentary: Dakota Access versus the American Way Commentary: Dakota Access is the opposite of the American way  Check out this story on thenorthwestern.com: http://oshko.sh/2ffFaw2 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Commentary: Dakota Access versus the American Way Thomas L. Knapp 1:30 p.m. CST November 9, 2016 Thomas L. Knapp (Photo: Courtesy Avens O'Brien) 10 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE CNN reports that protesters from around the world continue to congregate in North Dakota in solidarity with the Standing Rock Sioux and their struggle to stop construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline through (or placed so as to negatively affect) tribal lands. The issues and the divide between sides seem to be fairly conventional: Promises of jobs and economic growth motivate the pipeline's supporters. Its opponents cite environmental concerns (especially the prospective damage to tribal lands) and allege violations of the Fort Laramie Treaty of 1851 in Texas-based Energy Transfer Partners' wheedling of land use permissions out of federal and state governments. On balance, the opponents seem to have a good case; the supporters not much of a case at all. For more than a century and a half, the U.S. government has selectively ignored its treaties with the Standing Rock Sioux and other tribes whenever those treaties threaten to stymie the plans of corporations with friends in government. Successfully holding Washington to its word this time might give the politicians and their cronies pause next time. And even if letting the U.S. government use treaties as toilet paper just because it can wasn't an incredibly corrosive idea, keep in mind that it's not just the Sioux who are getting mugged. Private land owners all along the pipeline's 1,100-mile route are feeling the pain, too. Like Keystone XL before it, ETP leverages government's power of "eminent domain" — under the pretense that the pipeline is some kind of public service rather than the private for-profit enterprise it actually is — to steal much of the land required to complete Dakota Access. The go-to excuse among proponents of these "public/private partnership" type land thefts is always "jobs and economic development," but even if that excuse flew (it doesn't), it's a pretty poor one in this case. The $3.7 billion pipeline is advertised as creating a whopping 40 permanent jobs. I'm not sure how many people work at the average Wal-Mart, but it looks like more than 40 to me. How many jobs in agriculture and other sectors would Dakota Access destroy along the way? We have no way of knowing. For me, the bottom line is this: If the only way to do something you want to do involves stealing other people's stuff, you shouldn't do it. And you certainly shouldn't get government help to do it. Dakota Access is the opposite of the American way. Thomas L. Knapp (Twitter: @thomaslknapp) is director and senior news analyst at the William Lloyd Garrison Center for Libertarian Advocacy Journalism (thegarrisoncenter.org). He lives and works in north central Florida. 10 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://oshko.sh/2ffFaw2 TOP VIDEOS Punchlines: The fallout of a Trump election 4:04 Punchlines: And the presidential transition begins 4:19 Punchlines: It's almost over. Who needs a Xanax? 3:51 Punchlines: It's the FBI all over again 3:29 Punchlines: Congratulations Cubs! 3:00 Punchlines: Less than a week before Election Day. Are you packed? 2:58 Punchlines: That new, old, October surprise, email, sexting scandal 3:36 Punchlines: Congressional setbacks 2:48 Punchlines: Vines, Jesus memes and Apple. The latest in technology 4:10 Punchlines: Biden goes to college. Pence makes a plea. 3:28
Subscribe | Log in News Sports Classified Video Archive Photo Gallery Community Sports Forms Anniversary Birth Calendar Engagement Giveaways! Letter to the Editor Obituary Wedding Blogs Ray Ray’s Flawed Logic E-Edition About Us Shining a light on veterans By admin | Posted November 9th, 2016 | Tweet Changing a light bulb is probably not the first thing that comes to mind as a way to honor veterans, but that is exactly what Jade Kruse, a junior member of American Legion Auxiliary Rex Strait unit #103 did recently. Kruse is a fourth generation Auxiliary member. Her aunt, Chelsea Kruse, and grandmother, Deb Kruse are members as were both of her great-grandmothers. For the youngster, thanking veterans is important. “I want to thank veterans because they served our country to protect us and our rights,” she said. Rock Rapids mayor Jason Chase also hopes citizens will honor local veterans on Veterans Day. “I urge all citizens in the city of Rock Rapids to change one light to green on Veterans Day,” he announced in a proclamation declaring Friday, Nov. 11 as Green Lights for Veterans Day. The proclamation comes as part of a national campaign, Greenlight A Vet, that aims to shine a light on the impact transitioning veterans make in communities across the country and greenlight them forward as valued members of our communities. “Green is a color of hope, renewal and well-being, which is what we want for every veteran,” said Deb Kruse, American Legion Auxiliary Rex Strait unit #103 member. “It’s also a term to signify approval or to move ahead.” The campaign, launched in 2015 by organizations such as the Institute for Veterans and Military Families, Hire Heroes USA, and Blue Star Families in partnership with Wal-Mart, is intended to encourage visible support for veterans. “Changing your porch light or any light visible from the outside to a green light blub shows your appreciation and gratitude for our vets on Veterans Day,” said Deb. The auxiliary also encourages citizens to change a light to green for Veterans Day. “As the proud wife of a veteran and the president of the American Legion Auxiliary, I would love to see Rock Rapids glow green,” Deb exclaimed. On a national level, 250,00 members of the military transition back to civilian life each year, according to statistics from the Institute for Veterans and Military Families. As they return home, they take on important roles in their communities, including Lyon County, as neighbors, co-workers, leaders and engaged citizens. “Sometimes we don’t know who has served our country and some veterans don’t talk about their service. For them to drive the streetsof Rock Rapids and see the support from their friends and neighbors would show them how much we care about all of them,” said Deb. Other Stories ← FOUR-TIMES EXCITEMENT |  Jumping into fall → Comments are closed. Jumping into fall November 9th, 2016 by admin Jumping into fall Northwest Iowans have come to expect the possibility of sleet, snow and ice during the month of November. FOUR-TIMES EXCITEMENT November 9th, 2016 by admin The sights and sounds of a fourth-straight trip to the Iowa High School volleyball championships are those of celebration and excitement. Pledging to keep tobacco away from teens November 9th, 2016 by admin According to the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids, as of Nov. 1, 2016, 18.1 percent of high school students in Iowa smoke, and 1,500 kids under 18 become daily smokers each year. Same services and improved capabilities combined November 9th, 2016 by admin Premier Communications recently purchased Consolidated Communications, and the big question on many of their new customers’ minds is: “how will this affect me?” Not just the teacher’s pet November 2nd, 2016 by admin Most dogs ordinarily are content to spend their days with a comfortable place to lay, a favorite chew toy, and petting and scratching behind the ears from their human caretakers. Informed students November 2nd, 2016 by admin While most Central Lyon students are too young to vote in this year’s presidential election, they’ll all get the chance to participate in a mock election. Facebook [Advertisement.] Sports Tweets RT @ncpwomenshoops: The season is almost here! https://t.co/Z1oS1lT8Ka 15 days ago Congrats to NCP's Emma Wang on d. Ashley Akrami, of Chicago Christian, 6-1, 6-1 to advance in the consolation braket of the IHSA tennis tour 25 days ago Tough day for NCP soccer as they were eliminated from state with a hard fought 3-0 loss to Fenwick. Best of luck to the Friars. 26 days ago Latest News George-Little Rock falls short of a state tournament berth LEMARS-George-Little Rock battled Lawton-Bronson in Le Mars Tuesday evening, Nov. 1, with a berth to the state volleyball tournament on the line, but in the end it was the Eagles of Lawton-Bronson that came away with the victory. Central Lyon battles back once again for a 3-1 victory Central Lyon battles back once again for a 3-1 victory Nathan Broek | Sports Editor Central Lyon 22-25-25-25 3 Underwood 25-18-12-18 1 SIOUX CITY-For the third match in a row in John Smit John Smit 83 George, Iowa November 3, 2016 John Smit, 83, of George, Iowa, died Thursday Nov. Lyon County Reporter is Proudly powered by Atomic News Tools. Username: Password:  Remember Me

null
Technology Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Black Friday Holiday Gifts     Kmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released Posted: Nov 9 2016, 5:04am CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: Nov 9 2016, 5:29am CST, in News | Black Friday   This story may contain affiliate links. Gallery 14 images   The Kmart Black Friday 2016 ad is available now in the Kmart app. The Kmart Black Friday 2016 ad has been officially released to users of the Kmart shopping app. The Kmart Black Friday 2016 sale begins this year late on Thanksgiving Day. The Kmart Black Friday doorbuster deals will be going on sale at 7pm. The Kmart Black Friday sale will continue through 2pm Black Friday, November 25. Don't Miss: Best Walmart Black Friday 2016 Deals Kmart's Black Friday 2016 ad features $1 Blu-ray and DVD deals on the cover of the 32-page Kmart Black Friday 2016 ad along with BOGO shoe deal and a $15 Dash camera. Procter and Silex toaster, hand-mixer, iron and can opener are $4 each. Black Friday shoppers can pick up $4.99 Barbie dolls, $6.99 Nerf Elite Firestrike, $9.99 Air Hogs Axis 200 Helicopters, $6.99 Super Hero Girls dolls, $6.99 Monster High dolls and $12.99 Disney Frozen toddler dolls in the Kmart Black Friday toy sale. The Kmart Black Friday 2016 ad has several pages filed with deals on Holiday toys. The The Kmart Black Friday 2016 TV deals start at $189.99 for a 32-inch Samsung UN32J5205 1080p Smart TV. For $429.99 you can pick up a 58-inch Samsung UN58J5190 1080p Smart TV. Kmart's Black Friday TV deals are only on Samsung brand sets. This is true also for sister store Sears. The Sears Black Friday 2016 deals on TV are on mid-range TVs. Kmart's deal are on the low-end. You can see all Kmart Black Friday 2016 TV deals on the last page of the Kmart ad. The $24.99 Skullcandy Bluetooth Uproar on-ear headphone deals leads the Kmart consumer electronics offers. Other electronics deals include $19.99 TracFone LG Rebel prepaid phone, $7.99 iLive VR Headset, $4.99 JVC earbuds and $99.99 Samsung Galaxy Tab A tablet with $50 in points for members. You can browse the important Kmart Black Friday 2016 ad pages in the ad gallery featuring the doorbuster deals, toy deals, electronics and TV deals. For the full Kmart Black Friday 2016 ad with all the apparel deal visit kmart.com and use the Kmart shopping app. The Walmart Black Friday 2016 ad and the ads from Best Buy and Target are expected to be revealed after the dust of the Presidential election has settled, which is end of week. Find all released Black Friday 2016 ads in our Black Friday ads tracker. Find early Black Friday 2016 deals in our recommended early Black Friday sales that are available now. We have compiled everything you need to know about Black Friday 2016 in our Black Friday 2016 guide. The first week of November has brought Black Friday fans  several of the most anticipated Black Friday 2016 ads. The new releases include the Dell Black Friday 2016 Ad, the Sam's Club Black Friday 2016 Ad and Kohl's Black Friday 2016 Ad. More Black Friday ads are to the available Black Friday 2016 ads list on a daily basis now. Read also everything we know about the Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale, which we predict will be largest Black Friday sale in history. Black Friday 2016 is on November 25. Read the latest Black Friday 2016 news. Gallery 14 images Buy Now on Amazon You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Meijer Black Friday 2016 Deals and Schedule Announced 36 minutes ago $299.99 50-inch Samsung UN50J5201AFXZA Smart TV Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Deal 4 hours ago, 2:34pm CST Macy's Black Friday 2016 Deals Previewed 5 hours ago, 1:47pm CST Black Friday Oculus Rift and HTC Vive VR Headset Deals Are Weak 7 hours ago, 11:51am CST Bass Pro Black Friday 2016 Ad Leaked 7 hours ago, 11:43am CST Apple Pay Can Now Be Used for Donations 2 hours ago, 4:56pm CST Soyuz Spacecraft Arrives at Baikonur Launchpad ahead of ISS Mission 2 hours ago, 4:08pm CST U.S. Parents are Spanking their Kids Less Today, Study Finds 5 hours ago, 1:33pm CST Hatchimals and NES Classic Stock Gone Online 5 hours ago, 1:28pm CST Financial Phishing To Increase This Holiday Season 6 hours ago, 12:18pm CST Jaguar's First All-Electric SUV I-Pace Revealing is Tomorrow 6 hours ago, 12:07pm CST NextEV Previews its Hypercar Ahead of Next Week Debut 6 hours ago, 12:02pm CST Facebook and Twitter Helped me Win Says Trump 6 hours ago, 12:00pm CST The First Cabela's Black Friday 2016 Ad after the Bass Pro Acquisition Is Here 7 hours ago, 11:30am CST Tesla Model S Base Price Increased by $2000 7 hours ago, 11:18am CST Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Your Deals on Amazon Featured News Black Friday Oculus Rift and HTC Vive VR Headset Deals Are Weak Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   All Black Friday 2016 Deals on Samsung TVs Announced Sam's Club Samsung Saturday Sale on Nov. 19 Announced Black Friday Meijer Black Friday 2016 Deals and Schedule Announced 36 minutes ago $299.99 50-inch Samsung UN50J5201AFXZA Smart TV Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Deal 4 hours ago, 2:34pm CST Macy's Black Friday 2016 Deals Previewed 5 hours ago, 1:47pm CST Black Friday Oculus Rift and HTC Vive VR Headset Deals Are Weak 7 hours ago, 11:51am CST More Black Friday Stories Latest News Meijer Black Friday 2016 Deals and Schedule Announced 36 minutes ago Apple Pay Can Now Be Used for Donations 2 hours ago, 4:56pm CST Soyuz Spacecraft Arrives at Baikonur Launchpad ahead of ISS Mission 2 hours ago, 4:08pm CST $299.99 50-inch Samsung UN50J5201AFXZA Smart TV Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Deal 4 hours ago, 2:34pm CST More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the first Black Friday 2016 deals are already on sale as of October 30. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
Menu Home + Nation General Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman Government Crime UAE health Transport Education Happiness Times Weather UAE FLAG DAY Yas Island - Anime + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others + Business Local business Markets Economy Auto Gadgets and Electronics Banking and Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Companies Dubai Airshow 2015 Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local sports Cricket Cricket Scorecard Football Tennis Horse racing Formula 1 Golf Other sports Dubai World Cup 2016 Euro 2016 ICC World Twenty20 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships Olympics 2016 Omega Dubai Desert Classic 2016 Wimbledon 2016 + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Technology Videos + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music CT Musing + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood Mindsport Life Coach When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Get her look Zapped by Apps Hard Drive On The Road Food and Dining Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Personal Trainer People Offbeat Legal View Editorials and columns Letters to the Editor + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (Photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan (videos) Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Gold/forex Bahrain Qatar + Prayer Timings Prayer timings International Prayer Timings UAE Ramadan Time Table Cinema listings + Weather United Arab Emirates Region GCC Countries Asia Europe America Battle For White House Competitions Entertainment + Flydubai Plane Crash Flydubai Plane Crash Photos Flydubai Plane Crash Videos GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals + Global Village 2016 Global Village Photos Global Village Videos + India Budget 2016-17 India Budget Photos India Budget Videos Inspired Living Listicles + Other pages Advertise with us Contact us Humour Junction Idea Graph Life Is Like That UAE Driving Licence UAE Public Holidays + UAE-India Ties UAE-India Photos UAE-India Videos Utilities Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Publications : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER Sign in | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy Editorials and columns News Nation Business GOLD/FOREX Sports Technology Entertainment Utilities All CITY TIMES WKND KT BUZZON Search POPULAR TOPICS Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Offbeat| Live Flight Status | Style MORE Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES Region | International | Dubai | Abu Dhabi | Sharjah | Government | Crime | India | Pakistan | Philippines General | Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman | Government | Crime | UAE health | Transport | Education | Happiness Times | Weather | Local Business | Markets | Economy | Auto | Banking and Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Gold/Forex News | Local Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | Formula 1 | Golf | Other Sports | Olympics 2016 Mobiles | Computers | Game Zone | Industry | Features | Gadgets & Electronics | Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion   HOME > Editorials and columns Veteran insider loses the plot Will Dunham Filed on November 9, 2016 Share More > Vote (AP file photo) The presidency turned out to be a bridge too far. Hillary Clinton came closer than any other woman to winning the White House on Tuesday but fell short for a second time, a bitter disappointment for a pioneering but polarising American political figure. Seeking to win election to the office her husband Bill Clinton held from 1993 to 2001, Clinton, 69, lost her battle for the Democratic presidential nomination to Barack Obama in 2008 and lost on Tuesday to Republican Donald Trump, 70. Trump told supporters at a rally early on Wednesday that Clinton had phoned to congratulate him on his victory. A Clinton campaign aide confirmed the phone call. In 2000, Clinton became the only first lady to win elected office, as a US senator from New York. In 2009, she became the third female secretary of state. In July, she became the first woman to claim a major US party's presidential nomination. The presidency turned out to be a bridge too far. Accepting her party's nomination in July, she embraced the historic nature of her candidacy, saying that "when any barrier falls in America it clears the way for everyone. After all, when there are no ceilings, the sky's the limit. So let's keep going. Let's keep going until every one of the 161 million women and girls across America has the opportunity she deserves to have." During four decades in public life, Clinton withstood such controversies as an FBI investigation of her use of a private email server as secretary of state, probes into past business dealings, her husband's infidelity and an unsuccessful Republican effort to remove him from office. Two American women, Geraldine Ferraro in 1984 and Sarah Palin in 2008, were nominated by major parties as their vice presidential nominees, but fell short in the general election. After losing to Obama in the 2008 race, Clinton deferred her White House ambitions, and served as his secretary of state from 2009 to 2013. Clinton's admirers consider her a tough, capable and sometimes inspirational leader who endured unrelenting efforts by political enemies to chop her down. Campaigning for her on Monday in Michigan, Obama called Clinton "a candidate who is smart, a candidate who's steady, a candidate who's tested - probably the most qualified person ever to run for this office." Her detractors consider her an unscrupulous and power-hungry opportunist. She was detested by many Republicans and conservatives, and in 1998 during her husband's presidency bemoaned a 'vast right-wing conspiracy'. Against Trump, she portrayed herself as guarding the country from the threat she said he posed to American democracy. "As I've told people, I'm the last thing standing between you and the apocalypse," Clinton told The New York Times in October. When she entered the race last year for the Democratic presidential nomination, she was considered such a prohibitive favourite that others in her party shied away from challenging her. But she was an establishment figure and a Washington insider at a time when voters were smitten with outsiders. She secured the Democratic nomination in July only after beating back a surprisingly stout challenge from US Senator Bernie Sanders, who appealed to young voters and mustered the kind of excitement that Clinton sometimes failed to generate. As secretary of state, she dealt with civil wars in Syria and Libya, Iran's nuclear programme, China's growing clout, Russian assertiveness, ending the Iraq war, winding down the Afghanistan war, and an unsuccessful bid to settle the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Email controversy Congressional Republicans spent years investigating allegations of State Department security lapses related to a 2012 attack by militants in the Libyan city of Benghazi that killed the US ambassador. She testified during marathon congressional hearings in January 2013 at the end of her tenure at the State Department and in October 2015, while already a candidate for president, facing Republican criticism of her handling of the incident. Another politically damaging issue came to light during the lengthy congressional investigation into the Benghazi attack: accusations that she broke the law in her handling of classified information while corresponding through the private email server for her government work as secretary of state. The US Justice Department in July accepted FBI Director James Comey's recommendation not to bring criminal charges against her, although he faulted her 'extremely careless' handling of classified information. Comey announced 11 days before the election that the FBI was investigating a new collection of emails as part of its probe, but said two days before the election that a review of those emails produced nothing that would change the decision not to bring charges. Trump called her 'Crooked Hillary', said he would seek to put her behind bars if elected and encouraged his supporters to chant 'lock her up'. Clinton called Trump a racist hate-monger, a sexist and a tax-dodger enamored with Russian President Vladimir Putin. She defended her lengthy service in government, dismissing Trump's contention that she had produced no real accomplishments. Conservative upbringing Born in Chicago on October 26, 1947, Hillary Rodham Clinton was the eldest of three children of a small-business owner father she called a 'rock-ribbed, up-by-your-bootstraps, conservative Republican' and a mother who was a closet Democrat. She attended public schools, then enrolled in 1965 at all-female Wellesley College in Massachusetts, where she headed the Young Republicans Club. Her political views changed during the 1960s civil rights struggles and Vietnam War escalation and she switched parties. At Yale Law School, she met a similarly ambitious fellow student from Arkansas, Bill Clinton, and they became a couple. She moved to Washington to work for a congressional panel in the impeachment drive against Nixon, who resigned as president in 1974 during the Watergate scandal. She moved to Arkansas to be with Bill, married him in 1975, and was hired by a top law firm. He jumped into politics, eventually being elected governor, at age 32, in 1978. She gave birth to the couple's only child, daughter Chelsea, in 1980. As Arkansas' first lady, she was a high-powered lawyer in the capital Little Rock and a Wal-Mart corporate board member. Most Americans were introduced to her during her husband's bid for the 1992 Democratic presidential nomination. Bill Clinton said voters would get 'two for the price of one' if they elected him. She unapologetically said she was not a woman who 'stayed home and baked cookies'. After a woman named Gennifer Flowers accused Bill Clinton during the campaign of a sexual affair, Hillary Clinton appeared on TV with her husband and referred to singer Tammy Wynette's song, 'Stand by Your Man'. "You know, I'm not sitting here, some little woman standing by my man like Tammy Wynette," she said, adding that she loved and respected her husband. "And you know, if that's not enough for people, then heck, don't vote for him," she added. Conservative critics painted her as a radical feminist and a threat to traditional family values. Bill Clinton defeated incumbent Republican President George H.W. Bush in November 1992. As first lady from 1993 to 2001, unlike many of her predecessors, she was an active part of policymaking. 'Hillarycare' Critics assailed her unsuccessful effort to win congressional passage of healthcare reform, deriding it as 'Hillarycare'. She and her husband faced a long investigation into past business dealings but ultimately no criminal charges were brought. A real estate venture known as Whitewater faced scrutiny, spawning an independent counsel investigation that later encompassed Bill Clinton's sexual relationship with a White House intern named Monica Lewinsky. Deputy White House Counsel Vince Foster, a figure in the Whitewater controversy and a close friend of the Clintons from Arkansas, was found dead of a gunshot in 1993. His death was ruled a suicide. In a 2003 memoir, Hillary Clinton blasted 'conspiracy theorists and investigators trying to prove that Vince was murdered to cover up what he 'knew about Whitewater'. In 2000, the independent counsel investigation concluded there was insufficient evidence to show the Clintons had been involved in any criminal behaviour related to Whitewater. In December 1998, the Republican-led House of Representatives voted to impeach a president for only the second time in US history, charging Bill Clinton with 'high crimes and misdemeanors' for allegedly lying under oath and obstructing justice to cover up his relationship with Lewinsky. The Republican-led Senate acquitted Clinton in February 1999. Hillary Clinton called the impeachment an abuse of power by Republicans. She also said she 'wanted to wring Bill's neck' for the affair. Ultimately, she said, she decided she still loved him and remained after they went through counseling. She launched her own bid for elected office and won election in 2000 as a US senator. The 2008 race for the Democratic presidential nomination pitted America's foremost woman politician against the son of a black Kenyan father and a white Kansan mother. After vanquishing Clinton, Obama made history when he defeated Republican John McCain to become the first black US president. - Reuters Share More > Vote MORE FROM Editorials and columns Editorials and columns Veteran insider loses the plot The presidency turned out to be a bridge too far. READ MORE Editorials and columns Maverick outsider changes the game The American dream was dead, he said, smothered by malevolent... READ MORE Editorials and columns Choking in Delhi's air but there's an air of optimism The quarrelsome chief minister of Delhi, Arvind Kejriwal, on Sunday, said his city has turned into a gas chamber. READ MORE Editorials and columns Hyperloop will redefine Dubai's future travel Known to pioneer innovation and embrace technology readily, Dubai will be the first city on the planet to adopt Hyperloop READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times Americas I will be president for all Americans: Donald... Trump also repeated his vows to bolster the American economy and... READ MORE Battle For White House Trump beats Clinton to win historic US election Donald Trump is elected president of the United States, secures 276... READ MORE Transport Dubai traffic alert: Sheikh Zayed Road closed... Dubai Water Canal will be thrown open this evening READ MORE India What NRIs in UAE should do with Rs500, Rs1,000... 500 and 1,000 Indian rupee notes are not worthless. NRIs should take... READ MORE   Popular Voted India What NRIs in UAE should do with Rs500, Rs1,000 notes 51876 views | 9 November 2016 Dubai You're not a Dubai expat if you haven't done these 10 things 50861 views | 7 November 2016 Battle For White House Trump beats Clinton to win historic US election 35825 views | 8 November 2016 Dirty car number plate in UAE? You could be fined 28609 views | 8 November 2016 Dubai Indian jumps off tenth floor of Dubai building 25210 views | 8 November 2016 Transport WATCH: World's FIRST Hyperloop will take you from Dubai-Abu Dhabi in 12 minutes, RTA signs deal 20281 views | 8 November 2016 International (photos) Meet the new First Lady of the United States 14528 views | 9 November 2016 India Passenger dies onboard Jet Airways Delhi-Doha flight 14030 views | 8 November 2016 Transport Car vs Hyperloop: Race you to Dubai in 12 minutes 12462 views | 7 November 2016 Government UAE leaders congratulate Trump on election win 12247 views | 9 November 2016 Battle For White House After Trump's triumph, world leaders react 10925 views | 9 November 2016 Government WATCH: Shaikh Mohammed launches Dh1.3b plan for Hatta 10526 views | 7 November 2016 India Rs 500, Rs 1,000 notes declared illegal in India 10316 views | 8 November 2016 India These are the new Rs 500, Rs 2,000 notes in India 10121 views | 8 November 2016 Legal View How to avoid ban while switching jobs 9524 views | 12 July 2015 Battle For White House Trump beats Clinton to win historic US election 244 votes | 8 November 2016 Transport WATCH: World's FIRST Hyperloop will take you from Dubai-Abu Dhabi in 12 minutes, RTA signs deal 120 votes | 8 November 2016 Dubai You're not a Dubai expat if you haven't done these 10 things 75 votes | 7 November 2016 India Man beheads daughter to trace missing mobile phone 71 votes | 2 November 2016 Dubai Indian jumps off tenth floor of Dubai building 63 votes | 8 November 2016 India Passenger dies onboard Jet Airways Delhi-Doha flight 59 votes | 8 November 2016 Offbeat After chaiwala, internet falls for Nepali veggie seller 56 votes | 3 November 2016 India WATCH: Two South Indian actors dead after failed stunt 49 votes | 7 November 2016 India These are the new Rs 500, Rs 2,000 notes in India 49 votes | 8 November 2016 Battle For White House How to follow US elections in UAE - hour by hour 47 votes | 8 November 2016 Dubai Dubai Water Canal: All that you need to know 45 votes | 8 November 2016 Weather Weather alert: Mercury to drop further in parts of UAE 41 votes | 7 November 2016 India Who gave you the most pleasure: Indian cop asks rape victim 40 votes | 3 November 2016 Dirty car number plate in UAE? You could be fined 39 votes | 8 November 2016 General Emirates flash sale: Dubai to India, Pakistan within Dh1,000 39 votes | 4 November 2016   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the World in your inbox, so you dont missout on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2016 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region World Business Markets Economy Auto Technology Gadgets & Electronics Banking & Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Gold/Forex Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing Formula 1 Golf Other Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Editorials & Columns Letters to Editor Photos   Videos Gold/forex Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather e-paper KT BUZZON Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Bold and Inspiring Campaign Launches Pocky Day Celebration in the U.S. News provided by Pocky Nov 09, 2016, 09:01 ET Share this article IRVINE, Calif., Nov. 9, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Pocky, the brand behind the authentic chocolate covered biscuit stick, celebrates its international holiday, Pocky Day, with its most ambitious campaign to date. As the brand observes its 50th anniversary this year, festivities for the annual affair in the U.S. will be extended from the single traditional November 11 date, to being recognized from November 9 – 13. Pocky Day originates from Japan, the birthplace of Pocky, and dates back to 1999. Historically, the holiday encourages friends and loved ones to show their appreciation by gifting the tasty treat to each other. Celebrated on November 11, because 11/11 looks like Pocky sticks, the day is a major holiday that sees tremendous global retail support. Continue Reading Pocky Day 2016 "Pocky Day's appeal and popularity is truly marked by the holiday's ability to bring so much joy into so many people's lives," says Akitoshi Oku, President, Ezaki Glico USA. "By sharing and receiving a box, it's that thank you for all that you do, that encouraging pat on the back that keeps you going or that I love you that you needed to hear. People live such busy lives these days and Pocky Day allows us to stop for a moment, check in with each other and really get some meaningful conversations started." To commemorate the occasion this year, Pocky introduces The Big Share – a unique and inspiring initiative that, at its core, aims to encourage people to actively engage in the basic, human act of sharing and connecting with one another in a positive way. Essentially, the brand will allow fans to make someone's day by sharing Pocky with a friend or a complete stranger. To share a physical box with a stranger, fans will fill out an online form and select a Share Happiness message to send a box of Pocky to someone, somewhere in the U.S., for free. Once a fan chooses to share a box, they'll also receive a box, along with a message, from a stranger who they have at least one thing in common with—the desire to share happiness with others. Additionally, the campaign also includes an entertaining digital component. Along with making new friends and exchanging physical boxes, fans will also have the opportunity to connect with their actual friends by sharing a customizable avatar in the form of the iconic Pocky box. Fans will be able to personalize the box with fun items and share their work with friends via social media. Scottsdale-based agency, Santy, developed the campaign concept and creative direction was led by advertising hall of famer, Ken Spera—most notably known for creating the GEICO gecko. "With this campaign, our goal is to bring the same energy, passion and enthusiasm for Pocky Day that we see in Japan, and so many other countries around the world, here to the U.S.," says Spera, Chief Creative Officer at Santy. "In order to do that, we are asking Pocky fans to simply do what they already do, which is to spread positivity. It's truly a feel-good campaign that we hope reminds fans that they are a part of something bigger and greater than themselves." By the campaign's conclusion, 1,111 boxes of Pocky will be shared, over a thousand individuals will make a new friend, numerous loved ones will put smiles on each other's faces and Pocky will have spread happiness across the entire country. Previous International Pocky Day campaigns in the U.S. include a 2013 Guinness World Record attempt of the most tweeted brand name within a 24-hour timespan— which is a record that Pocky still holds today at 3,710,044 tweets. Pocky continues to penetrate the U.S. market this year with innovative initiatives including advertising in Times Square, a bi-coastal Share Happiness Pocky Truck Tour and distribution expansion from Asian markets into major American chain retailers, including Costco, Target and Walmart. To participate in The Big Share, please visit: www.pocky.com/pockyday and search hashtag #PockyDay to see how other people are sharing. About Pocky In 1922, Japanese company Ezaki Glico Co., Ltd. launched its fortified Glico caramel in a distinctive red box. Forty-four years later, Ezaki Glico released a new product into their family of fine foods—a chocolate-covered, pretzel-like biscuit stick. Inspired by the Japanese onomatopoeia for the snapping sound made while eating these crispy sticks, they named their new product "Pocky." Hence, Pocky Chocolate was born. For more information, please visit www.pocky.com. About Santy Santy is a strategically-driven full-service agency that engages with consumers where they live, work and play. Santy is headquartered in Scottsdale, AZ with a growing footprint in LA and Orange County. Known as the home of unexpected thinking, Santy specializes in brand development, all offline media, digital marketing and design, website development and management, media planning and buying, public relations and social media. Clients include Delta Air Lines, Pei Wei Asian Diner, Peter Piper Pizza, Real Mex (Chevy's, El Torito, Acapulco), Harvest Snaps and Pocky.  For more information, please visit santy.com. Marissa Wallace S+L PR, a Santy Company marissa@slpr.co 310-996-0239 Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161107/436978   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bold-and-inspiring-campaign-launches-pocky-day-celebration-in-the-us-300359267.html SOURCE Pocky Related Links http://www.pocky.com May 24, 2016, 09:05 ET Preview: Pocky Celebrates Its 50th Anniversary At Sweets & Snacks Expo May 24-26 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source May 24, 2016, 09:05 ETPocky Celebrates Its 50th Anniversary At Sweets & Snacks Expo May... Explore More news releases in similar topics Food & Beverages Retail Supermarkets Advertising You just read: Bold and Inspiring Campaign Launches Pocky Day Celebration in the U.S. News provided by Pocky Nov 09, 2016, 09:01 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
× Weather Alert Information Alert data provided by http://alerts.weather.gov/ Close Contact Us Register Login DayExtra Classifieds Deals Jobs Homes Magazines Wheels Advertise Membership E-Paper High/Low: Humidity: Wind: Sunrise: Sunset: Visibility: View Full Forecast starting , ending . Powered by Forecast.io State/Northeast Toggle SECTIONS NEWS SPORTS OPINION COLUMNS & BLOGS ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS & VIDEO OBITUARIES News Sports Opinion Columns & Blogs Arts & Entertainment Photos & Video Obituaries DayExtra Classifieds Deals Jobs Homes Magazines WHEELS Advertise Membership E-Paper Police/Fire/Courts Business Local State/Northeast Nation/World 2016 Elections Special Reports Maps & Data Military UCONN High School Local Colleges Professional GameDay Editorials Letters Columns Op-Ed Guest Opinions Sports Features News Opinion Horoscopes Dear Abby Games & Puzzles Lifestyle Events & Exhibits Food & Drink Arts & Music Movies & TV Live Lunch Photo Galleries Videos GameDay Place an Ad Today's Listings Pets Garage & Yard Sales Map Jobs Day Saver Coupons Deal of the Day Rewards Business Directory Job Fair Local Jobs Homes of Distinction Find Local Listings Homes of Distinction Your Good Health Sound & Country Products Milestones Legal Obituary Classified Contact Us My Account Passport Rewards Subscribe Electronic Edition The Day's App Newspapers in Education Archives WARNING: This site requires JavaScript enabled to provide the best user experience possible. Please enable JavaScript within your browser for this site! LATEST NEWS Second straight loss not enough to knock Shelton out of The Day's Top 10 H.S. football poll 11-14 7:41 pm CIAC postpones all field hockey semifinal games to Wednesday 11-14 7:07 pm Proposal to move Norwich parking commission to transportation center in the works 11-14 4:18 pm Still reeling, Democrats begin battling for future 11-14 3:43 pm PBS journalist Gwen Ifill dies of cancer 11-14 3:41 pm Overturned car snarls traffic on I-95 in Waterford 11-14 3:09 pm Tractor-trailer, car collide, close lane of I-95 in Waterford 11-14 12:45 pm Crews cleaning up hazmat spill at I-95 weigh station 11-14 12:21 pm Priebus says he and Bannon make effective Trump team 11-14 10:23 am Poquonnock Road closed in Groton after truck strikes bridge 11-14 9:08 am Report: carbon emissions flat in last 3 years 11-14 8:42 am School district pays 11-year-old $6,500 for keynote speech 11-14 8:38 am Local News Local Sports Local Entertainment all day, every day Thank you for visiting theday.com. You've read 3 free articles. To continue reading up to 10 premium articles, you must register, or sign up and take advantage of this exclusive offer: Full Digital Access 12 weeks of savings $1 for 12 weeks Enjoy the benefits of membership for less. ACT NOW Already registered on theday.com? Login. Not registered? Register. No, thank you. ×Close GOP ties Democrats in state Senate, closes gap in House Published November 09. 2016 9:27AM  MARK PAZNIOKAS , The Connecticut Mirror Republicans made stunning gains in state legislative races Tuesday to force a likely 18-18 tie in the Senate and to leave Democrats with their smallest House majority in three decades, overcoming a Democratic tide at the top of the ticket that carried Hillary Clinton, U.S. Sen. Richard Blumenthal and all five U.S. House incumbents to victory in Connecticut. With a gain of three seats in the state Senate, the GOP transformed a 21-15 Democratic majority into an evenly divided chamber where ties can be broken by the presiding officer, Democratic Lt. Gov. Nancy Wyman. With possible recounts in two races, Republicans made a net gain of eight seats in the House of Representatives, leaving Democrats with a probable 79-72 majority when the new General Assembly convenes in January. It is the biggest shift of power in the legislature since the combination of a Ronald Reagan landslide and the party lever delivered a solidly Republican legislature in 1984. The night was celebrated by a blue-state GOP as a vindication of a campaign message that two decades of domination by a Democratic legislature, the last six years with a Democratic governor, have left Connecticut in a state of chronic fiscal crisis, with more trouble over the horizon in the form of an unfunded pension liability. “Not since the removal of the party lever vote have we seen such a turnout in a presidential year for Republicans,” said House Minority Leader Themis Klarides, R-Derby. “House Republicans ran on our record of fiscal sanity and our commitment to our common-sense approach to governing what has become an out-of-control State of Connecticut. This should come as a wake-up call: Connecticut taxpayers and voters are fed up.” “Clearly I think it sends a message to the Democrats” in the Senate and the House, said Len Fasano of North Haven, the Senate Republican leader. “You guys are on the wrong track. The people are upset.” Now, the Republicans will have to show if they can shift from the role of critic in the minority to a force for changing government. By winning over one senator and four House members, the GOP could set the next budget – if it chooses. At least two Democratic senators, Paul Doyle of Wethersfield and Joan Hartley of Waterbury, have held out in the past in favor of spending cuts and in opposition to tax increases. All in all, legislators are probably facing a power structure for which there is no obvious playbook. Senate President Pro Tem Martin Looney, D-New Haven, issued a terse statement at 11 p.m. “While tonight’s results weren’t what we hoped overall, we will continue to pursue an aggressive agenda to grow jobs, strengthen our economy and help middle class families get ahead,” Looney said. House Majority Leader Joe Aresimowicz, D-Berlin, the choice of Democrats to take over as speaker in January, blamed the heavy spending by Super PACS for the losses and offered no sign of how or whether he will reach out to the strengthened GOP. “We always knew this would be a tough campaign, and that people are sick and tired of the partisan divide that has engulfed our country from Washington on down. As with every election, we won some seats and lost some others, and clearly the out-of-state independent money that blanketed Connecticut played a significant role,” he said. Independent expenditure groups spent more than $1.3 million on targeted races, with business groups outspending unions by a 2-1 margin. The two biggest spenders were the Connecticut Business and Industry Association and Grow Connecticut, a Super PAC indirectly funded by corporations such as Koch Industries and Walmart. Republicans needed to beat three of four vulnerable Democrats and win an open Democratic seat to win a majority in the Senate. They nearly succeeded. Heather Somers of Groton won the open seat held by the retiring Sen. Andrew Maynard, D-Stonington. Len Suzio of Meriden defeated Sen. Dante Bartolomeo, D-Meriden, and George Logan of Hamden unseated Sen. Joe Crisco of Woodbridge. Bartolomeo had unseated Suzio in 2012 and defeated him again in 2014. The Associated Press reported Sen. Steve Cassano, D-Manchester, won re-election over Lorraine Marchetti by a comfortable margin. Incomplete returns on the secretary of the state’s web site had Marchetti in the lead. Democrats failed to capture an open Senate seat in western Connecticut, where Rep. Craig Miner, R-Litchfield, defeated David Lawson of New Milford for the seat held by the retiring Republican Clark Chapin. In the House, Republicans appeared to unseat six incumbents and capture several open Democratic seats. Those gains were offset by the defeat of two Republican freshman, both from Groton: Aundre Bumgardner and John Scott. Democrats also appeared to pick up at least two open seats. Bumgardner won wide recognition two years ago, winning as a 19-year-old and becoming the first black Republican in the House in decades. CBIA and Grow Connecticut ran ads supporting Bumgardner, while the Working Families Party and its independent expenditure group, Action for Working Families, supported his opponent, Joe de la Cruz, and Scott’s opponent, Christine Conley. The first Republican victory was notched by Dr. William A. Petit Jr., whose campaign was roiled in the final weeks by a union attack ad against Petit, the victim of a horrific home invasion in 2007. He defeated Rep. Betty Boukus, D-Plainville, the co-chair of the legislature’s bonding subcommittee. But over the next 90 minutes, Democratic and Republican leaders of the General Assembly rode a see-saw: The early numbers put the GOP up, while a second wave of returns showed some offsetting Democratic wins of Republican seats. “My stomach is in a knot,” Fasano said as results trickled in. “My phone’s going crazy.” Republicans won two Democratic House seats in Enfield, one an open seat and the other held by Rep. David Alexander, whose second drunken-driving arrest was the dominant issue. The House minority leader’s sister, Nicole Klarides-Ditria, unseated Rep. Theresa Conroy, D-Seymour, in one of the races where CBIA and Grow Connecticut opposed a Democratic incumbent and supported a Republican challenger. In addition to Boukus, Alexander and Conroy, the other House Democratic incumbents to lose were Phil Miller of Essex, David Zoni of Southington, and Christine Randall of Killingly. Recounts were possible in several races. Rep. Sam Belsito, R-Tolland, and Rep. James Albis, D-East Haven, appeared to win by close margins. The Working Families Party, a labor offshoot allied with Democrats, now has no clear path to forward its agenda, primarily passage of a $15 minimum wage. Like the House Democratic leader, the group blamed outside spending, not the majority party’s record. “Tonight’s results show corporate money can win elections. Republicans may not have won a majority tonight, but corporate politicians did. Republican-friendly PAC money by Koch brothers, Walmart, the CBIA, and big tobacco saturated our elections, spreading the doom and gloom about our economy which has frightened voters,” said Lindsay Farrell, the WFP’s state director. “Tonight’s results spell disaster for working families across Connecticut.” House Speaker J. Brendan Sharkey, D-Hamden, who opted not to seek re-election after a Working Families candidate, Josh Elliott, challenged him for the Democratic nomination, said his party most probably will have to take a broader look in its post-mortem. One irony of the last budget, Sharkey said, was that it hewed closer to the line drawn by CBIA than it did to the Working Families Party and other labor groups, who demanded higher taxes on the wealthy as an alternative to layoffs and reductions in services. “I think Democrats have to do a better job of comunicating that they understand the changes that need to take place, the structural changes that need to take place in state government and, frankly, in local government,” Sharkey said. “Earlier this year we passed a budget that by any measure is procisely what the public expects in terms of no tax increases and reductions in spending.” Arielle Levin Becker contributed to this report. www.ctmirror.org Previous Article Next Article Loading comment count... Commenting is closed. Comment threads are monitored for 48 hours after publication and then closed. READER COMMENTS Loading comments... Hide Comments MORE ELECTION COVERAGE 2016 Election News Races & Candidate Profiles Lunch With the Candidates MOST READ 1 Two arrested, one injured in fight over Donald Trump in Old Saybrook 2 New London police chief ready to retire, her attorney says 3 Tractor-trailer, car collide, close lane of I-95 in Waterford 4 Overturned car snarls traffic on I-95 in Waterford 5 Montauk House raising the bar in New London 6 School district pays 11-year-old $6,500 for keynote speech 7 Poquonnock Road closed in Groton after truck strikes bridge 8 Hikers likely to be billed for their New Hampshire rescue 9 Army Corps proposes lifting 341 structures along coast 10 Place presidential popular vote in context MOST VIEWED MEDIA 1 Time laspe: full moon over New London 2 Thames River seniors hope to leave winning legacy 3 Felling a tree with a two-man hand saw 4 Quick Hits: Prince Tech 50, Thames River 8 5 Service in honor of Veterans MOST DISCUSSED STORIES 1 Eastern Connecticut is Trump country 86 2 Hillary Clinton blames Comey letters for defeat 42 3 About 100 million people couldn't be bothered to vote this year 37 4 Organizers encourage cooperation in face of 'anti-immigrant spirit' 34 5 Two arrested, one injured in fight over Donald Trump in Old Saybrook 24 Back to Top About The Day The Day Publishing Company 47 Eugene O'Neill Drive P.O. Box 1231 New London, CT 06320-1231 USA Staff Profiles FAQs Jobs at The Day Contact Us Connect with us Quick Links DayExtra E-Paper Contests Lottery Numbers Horoscopes Puzzles TV Weather Calendar Milestones Today's Headlines Advertising About Our Ads Advertise Place a Classified Ad Contacts Find New London Area Jobs Services Full-page Reprints Photo Reprints The Day Collection Privacy Policy/Terms RSS Text/SMS Alerts
San Diego Reader News & Politics Stories Events Music Movies Food Beer Neighborhoods Waterfront Deals Search Submit something Classifieds Travel Places Photos Contests Archives Log in or sign up Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Newsletters Close Search by Category Search entire site Authors Bands Events Movies Photos Places News & Stories Have something to get off your chest? Send us your feedback. Letters In response... 1 0 Content that incited letters to the editor Nov. 9, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google+ Share Email Story alerts Letter to Editor Pin it Consider the Dark Side Regarding Don Bauder’s article on Joan and Ray Kroc — Another good synopsis by Don Bauder, considering the massive slaughter and consumption of creatures enabled by McDonald’s, it is truly a strange mix of the Krocs’ charitable giving. Of the two institutions mentioned in the article, consider the dark sides of a Notre Dame and the Salvation Army. Teddy Rodosovich via voicemail Bigoted Buffoon In response to Mark Peter’s letter of November 3, “Get Out and Vote”... I shake my head in amazement at Peter’s statement that Donald Trump “is truly concerned about the black community.” This is a man who was sued by the federal government in the 1970s for refusing to rent to blacks. Trump’s comments about blacks being inherently lazy and that they can’t help it can be found on the internet. Get out and vote — but not for this bigoted buffoon. Rico G. via voicemail Burns in My Mind 41 Years Later Most of your readers will not know of the long-ago local author and San Diego reporter, Max Miller. He was one of those sweet, personable characters that enriched the quality of life for all who knew him. The Reader’s Waterfront article, “Killer Whales” (October 27) is an interesting excerpt from Max’s book, The Town with a Funny Name. This is the only other story I know of describing an attack (“fight”) of killer whales feeding close-in to La Jolla’s coast line. There was another orca encounter that I personally witnessed in the 1970s off the La Jolla Cove. A pod of seven individuals were navigating leisurely down the coast, very near to shore. Their progress suddenly halted, and a startling and unexplained event unfolded in front of the Sunny Jim Cave just east of the cove. Quickly and aggressively, the family circled in tight formation, foaming the surface. They seemed to have trapped something in the shallows on the bottom. One, two, or sometimes three at a time the killers started to “stand” perpendicular to the rocky reef below, with heads and nudging bodies pointing straight downward. Their flukes were exposed out of the water and they jerked them delicately back and forth, seemingly to keep their balance. These actions were urgent. Every few moments another eager individual would trade places in their standing “attack.” I never saw what they were after. Of course, the cove lifeguards immediately cleared the water ... except for two scuba divers on the surface about 100 [meters] down current from the excited pod. The most brave and expert cove guard, “Uncle” Joe Barnett entered the food chain and paddled a rescue board out to warn the oblivious “bubble butts” of the impending danger. All three levitated back to the safety of land. After several minutes the pod ended their weird feeding activity and began to swim again towards the cove. They passed near enough to the sandy cove beach that you could see their eyes scanning the crowd when they slowly surfaced to breathe. The orcas rounded Alligator Point and headed past the famous bodysurfing spot, Boomer Beach. As the group moved westward toward the Children’s Pool and Hospital Point, one of the short-finned females veered away and shot into the high Boomer surf. She started to ride the pressure wave in an underwater take-off sliding to the right, inside the translucent chamber. She never broke the surface. It was surreal to see the outline of this “black fish’s” massive body with the strobing white flashes of its underbelly shimmering past within the unbroken face of the large, perfect Pacific wave. The disbelieving crowd on the cliff above erupted in great arms-raised cheers. It is an event that still burns in my mind 41 years later. Bless you, Max Miller, wherever you are. Bill Owen Retired Lifeguard/Pilot South Mission Hills Truly Evil While your Evil Sudoku puzzle in your Beer issue (October 27) was hard (three tries and couldn’t finish it), this week’s Evil (November 3) lived up to its name. I couldn’t even figure out where to start. I bet most people thought you published the answer instead of the hardest puzzle yet. Keep up the good work. Sam King El Cajon Mediocre Minds In response to the letter, “Just What Trump Needed,” in the October 27 issue. Come on now, D.B., pay attention! How many of Trump’s products are manufactured overseas when they could be produced here in the U.S.? Do you think he’s going to change that? Mr. Trump believes that billionaires shouldn’t pay taxes. (You now know that he hasn’t paid federal taxes for years.) He believes that you should foot the bill because you’re poorer. Does that get your vote? Do you want him to make you even poorer? Another wealthy, unscrupulous entity the Waltons (Walmart) is in the same unethical league. They are currently the biggest welfare family in the U.S. No decent living wage for their employees. They even instruct them on how to apply for welfare and other benefits. Mr. Trump lost a billion dollars in the casino business — how? His companies have declared bankruptcy four times (despite daddy’s legacy). Thousands of lawsuits have been filed, thousands of contracted employees have been left unpaid. Would you trust this man with your financial future? Perhaps other countries are outstripping us because they’re smarter. Perhaps they are great with greater integrity. Mr. Trump has proved yet again how easy it is to con the masses. Mediocre minds are gullible and easily manipulated as long as you push the right buttons at the right time. Have we forgotten the other xenophobic dictator with the bad haircut and the arrested development? Germany hasn’t. Never mistake mental illness for genuine nationalistic concern. When it’s this crass, it’s not charisma, it’s craziness. A vote for Trump takes us beyond Bush’s worldwide financial mayhem and the supporting of Isis. It takes us into the biggest Republican inferno of all time. If global warming doesn’t get us first. Enjoy! Anna Bowen-Davies via voicemail Continued on the next page > Facebook Twitter Google+ Share Email Story alerts Letter to Editor Pin it More from SDReader Mission Valley is no Napa Valley — Oct. 19, 2016 Dear Mr. Smiechowski — May 18, 2016 Letters from A to the back page — Jan. 27, 2016 Trump incites variety of responses — Jan. 20, 2016 Strong feelings about last week's cover story — Jan. 13, 2016 Comments Sign in to comment Username I have an account. I'm new. Password Forgot? Sign in Password Confirm password Email 
            Sign up Connect with OpenID Or login with: Connect to Facebook Connect to Twitter Google OpenID The Latest Encinitas Leucadia Neighborhood News Europa Street alley is a street, say residents Councilmembers shut down concerns over planned parking structure Sheila Pell 3:30 p.m., Nov. 14 News Ticker Billionaire USD grad short-listed for Trump's Treasury Super-rich San Diego alum and Manchester-friendly financier could have cabinet lock Matt Potter 2:30 p.m., Nov. 14 Feast! Restaurant Reviews University City Golden Triangle restaurant drifts aimlessly Just another hotel restaurant Patrick Henderson 2 p.m., Nov. 14 Theater Reviews Tricked into falling in love! The Fantasticks at Scripps Ranch Theatre Larry Steckling 1:30 p.m., Nov. 14 News Ticker Solar-power financing could spell trouble "I hate to see people lose their homes over something I was involved with.” Ken Harrison 12:30 p.m., Nov. 14 Imperial Valley Neighborhood News Who won the election? Clinton or Trump? News takes backseat to nature James V. Carretta 10:30 a.m., Nov. 14 News Ticker San Ysidro 50 murders by the Border Patrol? "We will not live in fear; we will not get used to this." Dave Rice 8:30 a.m., Nov. 14 More news & stories | Site comments Enter to win! Win a Pair of Tickets to Cherub Win 4 Tickets to see Hirie at Music Box Win a Pair of Tickets to Adams Avenue Spirit Stroll Win 4 Tickets to see "Our Great Tchaikovsky" at the Rep Win 4 Turf Club Tickets to Del Mar Racing Win a Pair of Tickets to see Peter Murphy Win a Pair of Tickets to "The Mystery of Love and Sex" Win 4 Tickets to see Jonny Lang at Belly Up Win a Pair of Tickets to see Coldplay SIGN UP: Contest Email Alerts Twitter Facebook Tweets from SDReader Follow @sdreader Most E-Mailed Stories Giants Prayed for Rain John Sarkisian, big in business circles Squid lids: lifeguards in winter Most commented Billionaire USD grad short-listed for Trump's Treasury High schoolers against (and for) Trump Who won the election? Clinton or Trump? Citizens victors over NFL greed North Park stroll Homeopathic doctor said what? Write a story for us Earn up to $100 for neighborhood news. Earn up to $50 for concert reviews. Earn up to $25 for album reviews. Earn up to $50 for travel stories. Earn up to $50 for water stories. Home About Contact us Site map Privacy Terms of use Advertise Digital edition Mobile site FEATURES Archives Article list Authors Comics Covers Latest stories Videos HAPPENINGS Art Concerts Contests Event listings Movie showtimes Theater Travel FOOD & DRINK Bars & clubs Beer news Discounts & deals Food & drink events Happy hours Restaurants Restaurant reviews STAY IN TOUCH Alerts Comments Letters Newsletters RSS feeds Site feedback Submit something MORE Best of Reader City Reader Jobs Reader Rentals Reader Tickets © 2016 San Diego Reader. All rights reserved. No part of this site may be reproduced without our written permission. Win a $25 Gift Card to The Broken Yolk Cafe Join our newsletter list Each newsletter subscription means another chance to win! Close News and Stories Food and Drink Events Music Contests | Promotions | The Source No Thanks
Toggle navigation Products All Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution Disclosure and Regulatory Filing IR/PR Newsroom Hosting (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Solutions All Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom Contact Us Sign In to Services Blog About Us About Marketwired Media Partners Marketwired News Community Builders Full site Salles des nouvelles Plus sur nous Produits Solutions Ressources Contactez Nous Se connecter Version complète du site The National Parenting Center awards LulyBoo with the Seal of Approval News Room SOURCE: LulyBoo, LLC November 09, 2016 09:00 ET LulyBoo Earns The National Parenting Center's Seal of Approval Orange County-based manufacturer of baby products recognized for its Baby Lounge Premium ORANGE COUNTY, CA--(Marketwired - November 09, 2016) - Today, LulyBoo LLC announced that it has received The National Parenting Center's Seal of Approval. The company's Baby Lounge Premium was honored with the Seal of Approval, meaning it underwent examination, testing and approval by parents over an eight-week period. The LulyBoo Baby Lounge Premium is a portable baby lounge, designed for active parents who are always on-the-go. Made with lush fabric and colorful designs, the lounge weighs less than 4 lbs. and can be easily carried using the backpack straps built into the lounge. The LulyBoo Lounge combines the functions of a bassinet, crib, playpen, activity mat and changing station, streamlining baby gear for today's busy parents. Key features of the Premium Lounge include: Removable, machine washable fabric Comfort for babies up to 15 lbs. (6.8 kg) or until baby can push up or roll over unassisted 3-position canopy Activity bar and two removable toys Folding one-clip backpack design Textured animals to stimulate baby's senses Waterproof bottom and adjustable shoulder straps "We are thrilled to receive this recognition from The National Parenting Center," said said Pazit Ben-Ezri, CEO and founder of LulyBoo. "It's an honor to receive the Seal of Approval to show our continued commitment to developing high-quality products that babies, toddlers and parents love." LulyBoo products are designed for traveling families and active parents who enjoy having a convenient, safe space for their babies and toddlers with no interruption to their busy lifestyle. The LulyBoo line of signature baby products gives caring parents the ease of portability and versatile function without sacrificing baby's comfort or safety. Including the signature Baby Lounge and an assortment of baby accessories, the collection of products is carefully designed to create a special place baby can call home, wherever their parent takes them. "After two months of testing by parents, the results are in and LulyBoo's Baby Owl Lounge received two big thumbs up and is the recipient of a brand new Seal of Approval," said David Katzner, President of The National Parenting Center. "The Lounge is a great addition to any new parent's arsenal as it provides a safe, comfortable, cozy environment for baby. We look forward to seeing what other products LulyBoo creates in the future." The National Parenting Center's Seal of Approval program is an independent testing procedure conducted to judge a variety of products introduced and marketed to the parent/child consumer market. The testing involves a multi-step process conducted over an eight-week period. Staffed by volunteers, the testing facility of The National Parenting Center gives parents, children, and educators the opportunity to examine a variety of submitted products. The Seal of Approval program is designed to continue the efforts of The National Parenting Center, which was chartered in 1989 to help inform parents as they tackle the challenges and enjoy the many rewards of parenting. LulyBoo lounges are available to order online at Amazon, Walmart, Baby Depot, Babies R Us, Costco, Target, and BuyBuyBaby. About LulyBoo LulyBoo is a global brand created and spearheaded by innovator, entrepreneur, and mother of four, Pazit Ben-Ezri. The company's line of signature baby products gives caring parents the ease of portability and versatile function without sacrificing baby's comfort or safety. Including the signature Baby Lounge and an assortment of baby accessories, the collection of products is carefully designed to create a special place baby can call home, wherever their parent takes them. LulyBoo recognizes that modern parents need unique products that keep their babies happy, clean and cozy while fitting into their everyday lifestyles. For more information, please visit www.lulyboo.com. About The National Parenting Center Seal of Approval Program The National Parenting Center's Seal of Approval program, created in 1990 as an adjunct to TNPC's support services, identifies the finest products and services being marketed to the parent/child audience. From educational and entertainment products and equipment to travel destinations, the consumer-oriented testing process solicits evaluations from parents and their children. This award signifies to other parents that their peers have acknowledged a product's quality and desirability based on a wide variety of determining factors. Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2016/11/8/11G121306/Images/NationalParentingCenterSealofApproval-46cf1a3e74738af68843fdbad3af627e.jpeg Contact Information Media Contact: Julie Putjenter julie@amebamarketing.com (858) 946-0246   View Desktop Version Pour voir la version complète
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Two injured in fire north of La Center released from hospital Police investigate attempted robbery in downtown Vancouver Records: Blanchette viewed with ‘fear, distrust’ by staff Team effort brings back traditional free Thanksgiving dinners Vietnam veteran thanks nurse for aid during recovery FBI list: La Center safer than most from burglary Off Beat: Family traditions big part of story for WWII veteran Fred Bridges Morning Press: Election takeaways; Veterans Day Here’s how Clark County voted in presidential race 5 takeaways after Tuesday’s election Vietnam veteran thanks nurse for aid during recovery In a week when America is thanking those who have served, a Vietnam veteran wanted to thank his nurse. Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Russell Wilson joining Seattle Arena investment group Nominees for the Week 11 fall sports prep athlete of the week How Clark County college football players fared, Nov. 12 Weekly high school sports schedule, Nov. 14-19 For state playoffs, just set matchups and play it out Goal line defense works out for Seahawks this time Lillard scored 32 in Blazers’ win over Denver Washington State rolls past Cal, 56-21 High school scoreboard 11/13 Skyview beats Chiawana 38-28 to advance to 4A state quarterfinals Nominees for the Week 11 fall sports prep athlete of the week Weekly vote, sponsored by Athletes Corner, continues through Thursday Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories American flight attendants report more uniform issues Camas’ Runyan’s Jewelers celebrates 70th anniversary Saturday American Apparel files for bankruptcy protection for a second time Siemens to buy Oregon’s Mentor Graphics Oregon timber interests welcome Trump win as environmentalists worry Forest Service to hire 1,000 seasonal workers in northwest For ECB and Fed, Trump complicates decisions on rate policy Ilani casino preparing for hiring spree Grocery stores dish up deals Boeing 767 blast poses a puzzle Siemens to buy Oregon’s Mentor Graphics FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) — German industrial equipment maker Siemens AG said it has agreed to buy U.S.-based software firm Mentor… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Recent Life Stories PBS journalist Gwen Ifill dies of cancer Runner dressed as Elvis wins Vegas Rock ‘n’ Roll Marathon Brightest moon in almost 69 years lights up sky around globe Keeping your head during the holidays Open Studios tour lets the curious see how art is created Beautiful Bora Bora bucket-list destination Redmayne embraces magic of Potter world Martha Stewart helps make Thanksgiving easy Check It Out: Take off with books about some high-flying heroes ‘Faithful’ mixes hope, tragedy Brightest moon in almost 69 years lights up sky around globe BEIJING — The brightest moon in almost 69 years is lighting up the sky in a treat for star watchers… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Blackface is Overt Racism Pitts: Americans said yes vile treatment of most vulnerable Letter: Provide support for caregivers Letter: Washington can feel proud Letter: Value Village deserves blame Letter: Rioters deserve no respect Letter: Herrera Beutler on wrong side In Our View: Foundation for Housing Jayne: This nation is strong enough to survive Donald Trump Will: Election a rejection of Obama legacy Editorial Cartoons, Nov. 13-19 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Chick-fil-A patrons overwhelm lot shared by 2 other businesses Everybody Has a Story is looking for more Kindergartners learn about fire safety Mount St. Helens Institute raises $103,000, celebrates 20 years Firefighters fit students for coats Employees donate time, money on Make A Difference Day Felida church collecting items for children worldwide New public art unveiled in Washougal Furry Friends receives $21,825 toward new shelter Hathaway Elementary School hosts first back-to-school bash Woodland has plan for big band WOODLAND — Seventy-six trombones? Woodland High School’s pep band has one. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Thanksgiving Day shopping here to stay Shoppers carry bags as they cross a pedestrian walkway near Macy's in Herald Square in New York in 2015. (Associated Press files) By ANNE D’INNOCENZIO, Associated Press Published: November 9, 2016, 6:00 AM A   A NEW YORK — Thanksgiving Day shopping — a delight to some, an anathema to others — isn’t going away, but some stores are rethinking their strategies on whether it makes sense to be open on the holiday itself. Many of the nation’s major mall operators and the big retailers that anchor them, such as Toys R Us, J.C. Penney, and Macy’s, are sticking with what they want to be a new tradition, kicking off the holiday shopping season on Thanksgiving Day. Others, including the Mall of America, the nation’s largest shopping mall, are closing for Thanksgiving this year after being open for the past several years. Some retailers that are closing cite respect for the holiday, but in truth the cost of being open may be more than the return. “Once you let the genie out of the bottle, it’s hard,” said Stephen D. Lebovitz, president and CEO of CBL & Associates Properties, a mall operator that is closing 72 of its malls for the day. “More retailers are coming to their senses and realizing it is a family holiday and from a business point of view, it’s not making much business sense.” Stores being open on Thanksgiving started in earnest in 2011 and took a punch out of sales on Black Friday, which had usually launched the shopping season. Many places like Macy’s, Target and J.C. Penney have been opening earlier and earlier on Thanksgiving as they try to outdo others to get first dibs on customers who could easily buy online. But the move has been controversial, as many workers have voiced complaints that stores are putting profits over workers’ time with their families. Some 89 of the 145 properties that Chattanooga, Tenn.-based CBL owns or has interest in opened at 6 p.m. on the holiday last year. While dozens of those will be closed this year, the department stores, movie theaters, restaurants and retailers with exterior entrances have the option to open on Thanksgiving. Other retailers including Office Depot and consumer electronics chain hhgregg Inc. plan to be closed after being open for the past several years. Plenty of retailers, particularly high-end stores like Nordstrom or those like T.J. Maxx that offer discounts every day, never opened on Thanksgiving. In reality, analysts said, it’s all about stealing share in a market that isn’t growing that much. For department stores, the competition is fierce. Last year, J.C. Penney opened at 3 p.m. for the first time, three hours earlier than its rivals Kohl’s and Macy’s. That may have hurt Macy’s, which had a weak holiday season and aims to reverse a sales slump. This year, Macy’s decided to open an hour earlier at 5 p.m. Penney is sticking to 3 p.m., while Kohl’s will be opening again at 6 p.m. Most Sears stores will be open on Thanksgiving for the fourth year in a row, starting at 6 p.m. — the same as a year ago. Best Buy, the nation’s largest consumer electronics chain, suffered over Thanksgiving weekend in 2012 because it didn’t open until midnight, while stores like Wal-Mart and Target began their sales earlier in the evening. Wal-Mart, Target and Best Buy have not announced their plans for this Thanksgiving weekend. But indications are they’ll start the sales on the holiday. For many big retailers, covering expenses like paying employees holiday pay is not that costly, said Joel Bines, a managing director at retail consulting group AlixPartners. But for small stores or those with specialized merchandise, it may make more sense to close. AlixPartners also found for that some retailers who did open on Thanksgiving were simply pulling Friday sales a day earlier and their profit margins took a hit. Bob Riesbeck, president and CEO of hhgregg, said business on Thanksgiving actually declined over the previous two years when it opened at 4 p.m. CBL’s Lebovitz said when he surveyed stores in the company’s malls this year before deciding to close, the reaction was “overwhelmingly positive,” particularly with the specialty stores. The big anchors plan to stay open. Last year, the reaction was different. Most of the specialty stores wanted to be open. “They didn’t have enough data” to make the decision,” he said. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2016 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 7:53 P.M. ET Tech CEO placed on leave for threatening to kill Trump: report 7:47 P.M. ET Giuliani Discusses How to Implement President Elect Trump’s Ideas 7:39 P.M. ET Trump reportedly seeking top-secret security clearance for his kids 7:34 P.M. ET Veteran Journalist Gwen Ifill Dead at 61 7:11 P.M. ET Trump-induced carnage in Treasurys spells trouble for stock market 6:59 P.M. ET The Problem With Gourmet Burgers? Delivery Challenges 6:48 P.M. ET Fed’s Lacker says rates may rise faster under Trump presidency 6:42 P.M. ET Bannon’s Critics: Alt-Right is Wrong for White House 6:41 P.M. ET President Obama Details Transition in Press Conference 6:39 P.M. ET FriendFinder breach may have exposed 412 million users’ data 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release High Performance Beverage Co. Solidifies Beverage Distributors For California, New York, New Jersey And Hawaii By Published: Nov 9, 2016 7:30 a.m. ET Share CAVE CREEK, AZ, Nov 09, 2016 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- CAVE CREEK, AZ--(Marketwired - Nov 9, 2016) - High Performance Beverage Co. (otc pink:TBEV) (the "Company") is pleased to announce plans for distribution of its High Performance Beverage Sports Drink and 5 STAR Protein Sports Drink through beverage distributors in California, New York, New Jersey and Hawaii in order to begin retail sales. In California, initial distribution plans through their beverage distributor will be in the northern California region including Sacramento, San Francisco, Stockton, Modesto, Napa, Ukiah, Chico and Truckee. Additionally, the Company is also negotiating with a small 12 store grocery store chain in Sacramento, CA and expects to finalize an agreement shortly. In New York and New Jersey, initial distribution plans call for retail distribution throughout 140 convenience stores throughout New York City and New Jersey. In Hawaii, distribution plans call for retail distribution through their beverage distributor throughout the Hawaiian mainland and several islands in both convenience stores and grocers. The Company recently announced its plans for its first production run of their new lemon lime flavor at the end of this month. Additional inventory will be produced and stockpiled in anticipation of retail sales for their High Performance Beverage Sports Drink line and expect their 5 STAR Protein Sports Drink to initiate production and sales in the first quarter of 2017. As recently announced, the Company plans on producing its first line of protein sports drinks called 5 STAR Protein Sports Drink. 5 STAR is a combination of high quality hemp protein with branched-chain amino acids (BCAA) and will offer better endurance and faster recovery times. Other benefits include a boost in metabolism, lean muscle development, reduced sugar cravings, improved heart health and a boost to the immune system, while still offering superior hydration, energy and mental focus. Mike Holley, High Performance Beverage Company President, stated, "We are extremely pleased to announce our plans for retail distribution of our product line through various beverage distributors in California, New York, New Jersey and Hawaii. We are confident that once sales start, we will be able to meet initial supply and demand needs. We will then look to extend our national footprint on a state by state basis, as working capital allows. Once our inventory is in place, distributors will begin slotting the inventory on to shelf space for their clients. Sales teams will be provided by the distributors in New York, New Jersey and Hawaii while the Company will provide their own sales team for California." He also stated, "Depending on the beverage distributor, we expect retail distribution to start sometime in late December, January and throughout 2017. It is also important to note that the distribution of our product into retail outlets is an important component to what we have been working on regarding future potential plans for Walmart. We look forward to our loyal customers having the ability to buy our products in retail stores. For more information regarding the benefits of hemp protein found in our 5 STAR Protein Sports Drink: https://draxe.com/hemp-protein-powder/ http://superhumancoach.com/benefits-of-organic-hemp-protein-powder/ http://www.alive.com/food/hemp-protein/ https://hempmedspx.com/about-hemp-stalk-oil/ To purchase High Performance Sports Drink on Amazon Go to: https://www.amazon.com/Performance-Punch-16-Ounce-Pack/dp/B014Q64HEI About High Performance Beverage Company High Performance Beverage Company has created a new beverage segment under the trade name High Performance Beverages which manufactures and distributes a line of sport performance drinks. High Performance Beverage Company's sport performance drinks are carefully formulated to support mental focus and help increase blood flow, thereby giving the body the necessary fuel to power through a specific event or throughout the day. Our unique blends are designed to bridge the gap between supplements, energy and hydration drinks, ultimately broadening our appeal and providing access to an expanding target market. High Performance beverages are sugar free and extremely low in calories and caffeine. This positioning makes High Performance Beverage Co. sport drinks first to market with a sustainable competitive advantage. High Performance Beverage Corporate Website: bev.highperformancebeverage.com www.hpbev.net Safe Harbor This release contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements appear in a number of places in this release and include all statements that are not statements of historical fact regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of High Performance Beverage Company, its directors or its officers with respect to, among other things: (i) financing plans; (ii) trends affecting its financial condition or results of operations; (iii) growth strategy and operating strategy. The words "may," "would," "will," "expect," "estimate," "can," "believe," "potential" and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond High Performance Beverage Company's ability to control, and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. More information about the potential factors that could affect the business and financial results is and will be included in High Performance Beverage Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. High Performance Beverage Co. Public Relations and Shareholder Information Joseph M. Vazquez III Phone: (800) 767-9396 Email: infinityglobalconsulting@gmail.com � 2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews


null
Top Menu VCCircle  | VCCEdge  | Bizcircle  | Events  | Training About Us Contact Get Daily Email Update Show navigation Hide navigation Home Internet Mobile Enterprise Gadgets Startups Money Listings: SaaS 10 Angels 15 2014 2013 2011 Fastrack 20 Digirati 25 Home > Internet > Will latest markdowns affect Flipkart, Ola and Snapdeal’s fundraising? Will latest markdowns affect Flipkart, Ola and Snapdeal’s fundraising? November 9, 2016  | Binu Paul & Dearton Thomas Hector Tweet | 0 Comments Year 2016 has not been a great period for Indian consumer internet companies. Not only has there been a sharp decline in the number of deals in this space, companies that saw large cheques and subsequent valuation jumps earlier are now facing what they dread the most – markdowns on their valuations. Top Indian consumer internet companies – Flipkart, Snapdeal and Ola – have suffered multiple markdowns on their valuations this year, show the quarterly filings of global fund houses, the investors in these firms. Two American mutual funds, Fidelity Rutland Square Trust II and Valic Co recently downgraded the value of their positions in Flipkart. Fidelity’s latest valuation of Flipkart at $8.71 billion is the Indian ecommerce leader’s lowest since its peak of $15.2 billion a year ago. Its closest home-grown rival Snapdeal too saw its valuation sliding as SoftBank booked losses on its India investments. However, exact details are not available as it did not give a break-up of the performance of each of its investments in India. SoftBank reported a loss of over $500 million due to a decline on the fair value of its investments in Ola and Snapdeal for the six-month period ended 30 September. “The real issue is not the markdown – it is whether these firms will be able to raise funds and on what terms; and more importantly, from whom,” according to Haresh Chawla, partner at India Value Fund Advisors. “(The question is) if financial investors will still place bets on India or these firms will have to turn to strategic investors and permanent capital VCs,” he said. Chawla has a point here. All these companies are in the throes of fundraising efforts. Flipkart is reportedly in talks for raising $1 billion from Walmart while Ola is said to be raising $600 million from SoftBank and others. Snapdeal too has been trying to raise money through divesting its stake in subsidiary Freecharge. Also, the valuations of internet businesses are still getting corrected, say industry insiders. “The headline valuation numbers usually don’t reveal everything as we do not know what liquidation preferences and special rights investors have. Internet companies across the world were over-valued last year and several of them are coming off now,” Chawla said. Experts say the valuation markdowns have to be seen in the context of the rationalisation of investors’ expectations who are fast realising that the real adoption of ecommerce in India is still several years away. “There has been growth. But the acceleration of growth has not been manifested, as desired,” said PN Sudarshan, senior director at Deloitte India. “Investors are now realising that while more and more Indians will adopt ecommerce, there is a great future potential. But the future is not today, it could be five or seven years down the line. Accordingly, they are adjusting their own valuation expectations,” said Arvind Singhal, chairman of Technopak Advisors, a retail consultancy. Some believe valuation markdowns are blown out of proportion. “A real validation of valuation for a private company will come when the firm has a funding event and till such an event, any such valuation markups and markdowns should not be given much significance,” said Devendra Agrawal, founder and CEO of investment bank Dexter Capital. “One needs to understand listed firms or listed fund managers are under obligation to report quarterly valuation. However, it may or may not correlate with operating performance of the company,” he added. Once a darling of investors, consumer internet space has been witnessing a funding crunch this year. From deals worth $3.2 billion in the first 10 months of 2015, investments in the segment fell almost to one-fourth to $720 million during the 10-month period ended 31 October this year. Like this report? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our top reports. Tags: Arvind Singhal, Deloitte India, Devendra Agrawal, Dexter Capital, fidelity, Flipkart, Haresh Chawla, IVFA, markdown, Ola, PN Sudarsan, Snapdeal, Softbank, Technopak Advisors, Valic Co Leave a comment Name - required Email - required, never published Website Comment RECOMMENDED FOR YOU × Internet firm Naspers sets up India office for investments, M&As Jabong sees top-level exits three months after Flipkart buy Snapdeal reorganises top management structure More in videos » Can Indian businesses carve a digital roadmap for themselves?   RECENT COMMENTS POPULAR POSTS R Khandelwal on 2016-11-14 19:09:13 Interesting articles to read. Thanks!... Satender on 2016-11-14 13:32:31 Nice article! Kudos to these startups solving these issues in a sustainable mann... Dr.Anil Batta on 2016-11-13 07:22:02 All the best Mr.Punit Soni.My best wishes are always with you.... Kala on 2016-11-11 12:43:54 This is a decade old tech. Grow up...... Shanu soni on 2016-11-09 23:31:33 Congratulations beta ji God bless u great success whatever u desire... eBay fires product, tech team in India Punit Soni floats machine learning startup ‘Learning Motors’ Snapdeal reorganises top management structure Exclusive: O2O startup Shopsity shuts down; founder joins Paytm Snapdeal, Ola valuation knocked down again by SoftBank Tweets about "#techcircle.in" Categories Internet Mobile Enterprise Gadgets Startups Money Specials Fastrack 20 Digirati 25 SaaS 10 Angels 15 About About Us Press Releases Advertise Contact Follow Us Linkedin RSS Feed Facebook Twitter News Corp Companies Proptiger Bigdecisions.com Makaan.com WSJ MarketWatch Mansion Global Realtor © 2016 Techcircle.in. Property of Mosaic Media Ventures Pvt Ltd. A company show hide
null
null
