Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport share: Share on Facebook Facebook Messenger Share on Twitter Twitter Email a friend Mail Search online Facebook and Google greed will lead us to information armageddon A LEADING tech expert says we are being manipulated by tech giants who claim to be progressive with mottos such as “Don’t be evil” when they are, in fact, evil. Joe Hildebrandnews.com.au@Joe_Hildebrand news.com.au May 18, 20173:41pm A “seasteading” or artificial island design by Andreas Gyorfi. Picture: seasteading.com Imagine a world with no musicians and no writers. A world where no news isn’t good news, it’s fake news. A world in which we can’t even think for ourselves. Welcome to the Information Armageddon — it’s coming our way. This is the dire prediction of US communications expert, author, film producer — and Bob Dylan’s former manager — Jonathan Taplin, who has warned that tech giants who loudly proclaim to be progressive forces with such mottos as “Don’t be evil” are in fact, well, evil. Professor Taplin says that unless internet giants such as Facebook, Google and YouTube are forced to give a better deal to the people who provide all their content we will end up losing that content altogether. Meanwhile, they are working on making us so dependent on technology and instant access to information that any collapse of the internet would render us effectively blind. What the apocalypse will look like.Source:Supplied Taplin has spent years researching these companies and the men behind them and discovered that behind the funky Silicon Valley facade is a far more sinister purpose: Namely to create all-powerful monopolies that force artists and other producers to effectively hand over their work at gunpoint, while at the same time collecting vast hordes of data from the people who consume it — in other words, all of us. And he says that unless there is a massive consumer revolution or government action, civilisation is headed over the cliff. Speaking to news.com.au during a visit to Australia, which he says is better placed than the US to act before it’s too late, the mild-mannered Taplin offers a unique vision of an information Armageddon. ... and Bob Dylan’s former band manager. That’s Bob in the middle and Jon on the right.Source:Supplied “Facebook is working on a technology that can essentially read your mind,” he says, referring to reports last month that the social media giant had hired 60 people to find out how to transcribe thoughts directly onto the screen. “You wouldn’t have to actually type, you would just think the thoughts and they would appear on Facebook. So it seems to me that ultimately where this goes is that you become so dependent on your devices for everything that you would have lost any critical ability to find information, understand stuff. “And at some point if, say, there was a huge network breakdown we would essentially be like blind men stumbling around in the dark because we would have not only lost the ability to know anything we would have lost the ability to find out how we need to know something.” He holds similar fears about the so-called “Google effect”, especially now moves are afoot to develop a Google Now chip that could connect to the brain. “If you are totally dependent on Google for all your knowledge and understanding of anything such as history, maths and essentially abandon yourself to Google’s knowledge engine then what happens if Google goes away. You would be like a blind, knowledge-less person. You would be like a child.” He is also highly sceptical of Google’s “Don’t be evil” ethos, citing its then CEO telling The Atlantic in 2010: “Google policy is to get right up to the creepy line and not cross it” — which Taplin describes as “a debatable statement at best”. All this is in his book Move Fast and Break Things, named after a quote from Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg. Taplin says tech bosses like Zuckerberg are indeed breaking things — in fact they are destroying human creativity by blasting out virtually limitless content without giving any fair compensation to the people who produce it — all the while sucking away ad dollars from other media. The result, he says, will be the death of content itself, from music to journalism. “First off, there won’t be money to finance new content. In the US there are 50 per cent fewer people working in journalism than there were 10 years ago. It won’t be a profession that anyone can go into,” he tells news.com.au. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg likes to break things. Picture: Justin Sullivan/Getty ImagesSource:Supplied “And quite honestly, someone might be able to make music as a hobby but other than the big stars I don’t think anybody could make a living out of it.” Taplin says it is up to everybody — both producers and consumers — to realise this and revolt against the tech giants in an effort to make them change their behaviour if they want to keep their reputations as progressive forces for good. This is especially necessary because tech companies seem to resist any form of government regulation as well as a growing view that Silicon Valley is becoming more powerful than the US government anyway. Taplin notes that Google’s Larry Page has financed research on “privately-owned city states” while PayPal founder Peter Thiel has gone right into the realm of science fiction to avoid government oversight. “Thiel has financially supported an idea called seasteading, which is the concept of creating permanent artificial islands, called seasteads, outside the territory claimed by any government,” he writes. “These cloud businesses could thereby escape taxation and regulation.” A “seasteading” or artificial island design by Andreas Gyorfi. Picture: seasteading.comSource:Supplied Taplin has called on Australian politicians to lead the way in making giants such as Facebook and Google and YouTube pay for the content they use or face a world where that content no longer exists. “Somehow there’s this illusion that people will continue to lose millions of dollars producing newspapers or music. It is a fantasy on the part of the politicians,” he tells news.com.au. “I think a lot of them are beginning to realise that this content cannot be created for free and somehow, just for democracy’s sake we have to have a vital journalism community and we also have to have a vital artistic community.” Why Social Media Is an Evolving, Living Being7:15 While companies like Facebook, Twitter and Google promise they will take steps to reduce "fake news," Michael J. Casey and Oliver Luckett, authors of "The Social Organism," argue the first step is an overhaul of the companies' algorithm-based platforms to make them more transparent. Photo: iStock November 23rd 2016 6 months ago /video/video.news.com.au/Technology/ Share on Facebook Tweet this story Send in email Jump back to top trending in technology 1221 Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne forecast: ‘Huge rain event’ head... 492 Parallel universe created by ‘car crash’ 254 Jonathan Taplin book Move Fast and Break Things slams Facebo... 182 Reuben Paul: 11-year-old boy “weaponises” teddy bear 126 NASA spots man-made bubble surrounding Earth 48 Netflix: How to delete your ex’s preferences from the algori... 58 ‘Giant squid’ on Indonesian beach is actually a sperm whale 41 NBN rollout: Staggering cost of each connection in the bush 21 Phone etiquette: Using a speakerphone in public is rude, Jun... MORE IN Online Killer flew Aussie schoolgirl to US for sex Staggering cost for NBN connections Boy ‘weaponises’ teddy, stuns crowd Massive new cyberattack underway FOLLOW US ADVERTISE ABOUT US CONNECT Be rewarded for your opinions JOIN Please enter a valid email address Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News Limited Copyright © 2017. All times AEST (GMT +10). Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bottom JS
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Thu, May 18, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Businessperson Awards Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X How fake news is destroying transparency on the internet Spread the propaganda and hashtag flooding have damaged utopian ideas about public benefit of web about an hour ago Karlin Lillington Frank Pasquale: “Facebook and Google are effectively the regulators but acting in ways without public accountability” A crowd at the Re:publica 17 digital conference in Berlin. Photograph: Filip Singer/EPA Previous Image Next Image         Many of the early, optimistic assumptions about how the internet would create a public sphere with greater openness, transparency and accuracy have been battered by how it has actually been used and abused, according to Frank Pasquale, professor of law at the University of Maryland. During a talk, The Automated Public Sphere, last week at Berlin’s digital culture festival Re:publica, Pasquale said that fake news stories, the spread of propaganda, secret sponsors behind what we see and read, and hashtag flooding (using hashtags to flood searches on a topic) had all damaged utopian ideas about the public benefits of the internet. “We were told the internet would empower everyone and reduce the dominance of mainstream media, but it has also encouraged extremism,” he says. “It promised openness, but lets influence go unchecked and unmonitored” because it is difficult to figure out who is actually funding and supporting many websites. He also notes that academic researchers have established that tens of thousands of posts to social-media sites during the American presidential election came from automated bots. Hundreds of fake stories were shared. The use of so-called “dark ads” (promoted but unpublished posts, visible only to followers of a Facebook page) and ad personalisation directly targeted certain types of content to those “who are most susceptible to it” because such content and news stories appeared in an individual’s personal news feed – where a wider community could neither see the posts nor refute them. “So, you can accelerate propaganda, as well as accelerate truth,” he says. Ridiculous to most While some fake news stories rightly appear ridiculous to most – such as the “pizzagate” story that claimed Hillary Clinton and others were secretly running a child-abuse ring in the back of a popular Washington DC pizza restaurant – there are susceptible audiences. “We have to worry a great deal about floating voters, low education voters, voters at the edge of the political process being susceptible,” he says. Sometimes the goal is simply to create doubt, so that some voters never vote at all. On Facebook, “everything looks the same, and appears with the same level of authority” on a newsfeed, but this provides a “debased egalitarianism”. And there’s little incentive for tech giants to rush to address the problem. Profits are linked to the proliferation of fake news: “Sensational lies and outrage cycles promote user engagement.” Rhetoric in the US – again, largely from the tech industry – about the need to have one “unbroken”, unified internet deters addressing the problem. The common assertion is that introducing regulation and oversight means “you will break the internet”, Pasquale says. And deregulation “is very disingenuous because deregulation is a lie. You essentially cede power to massive corporations to be de facto regulators. Facebook and Google are effectively the regulators but acting in ways without public accountability.” Berlin’s Re:publica festival focuses on media trust and fake news Virtual reality worlds are imminent, Re:publica audience told Tech festival Re:publica will make Dublin return in September He is also “very worried that the US-centric view of the world is overinfluencing international bodies, when culturally specific models are needed.” What could be done to improve the situation? Labelling, monitoring and explaining hate-driven, biased search results is Pasquale’s first suggestion. He points to the rise of alt-right and Holocaust revisionism, the expert gaming of search results by the extreme right so that a Google search on topics such as the Holocaust returns false stories as top results. Autocomplete bias, where a partially typed in search query returns hate-driven suggestions for completing the search phrase, is also an issue. “Whole racial groups have hate-filled autocompletes,” he said. White supremacy After Charleston church shooter Dylann Roof had googled subjects such as “black on white crime” and seen racist autocompletes and fake news that suggested “white genocide” was a possibility, he murdered nine people in a historically black church. And the fake pizzagate story reportedly originated in a white supremacist’s tweet. To address the problem, automatic logs could reveal where such information originates, which also could be crucial to rapid responses and information take-downs by tech companies – before a gunman goes to a location, as happened after the proliferation of the pizzagate story. “We should require immutable audit logs,” Pasquale says. Silicon Valley experts say the internet is now so complicated that laws can never catch up, “but I think it’s very important . . . that we push back immediately. We cannot adopt this condescending mode that the coding sphere is too complicated for the rest of us to understand. We can at least have logs of the data that are influencing certain results on Google and could help identify certain sources of information.” Google continues to maintain it doesn’t want “human interference with its algorithms”, he says. “So often in tech companies, anything involving a human is seen as a defect.” But Pasquale says restoring human editors is also “an inevitable part of this process. Failure to keep human editors has led to the proliferation of fake news. We have to restore the integrity of journalism as a profession, not merely as a source of piecework, propaganda and PR.” He says we need some sort of analysis and labelling process for data, which shouldn’t be that alien a concept. “We already accept labelling of drugs and food,” he says. “What we need as a second step in the information economy is, we need to have information about the information we get.” That would help us decide what news we are going to trust, and what feeds are we going to follow. Too often, technology giants use assertions of “trade secrecy” to block offering any transparency about their algorithms and what they do. Entities – meaning news organisations and websites as well as search platforms – have to recognise people may only be reading the headlines on search returns, which may imply a fake story is a real story. Even a story-verification website such as Snopes contributes to this problem because a search produces a result that is just a headline that states the fake story. This may then be shown to be false within a Snopes article, but many people never read the story. The public probably need intermediaries – sites such as Google and Facebook, which carry the stories and headlines and links – to assess and address such problems, “and some of the funding for such an exercise probably has to come from intermediaries themselves”, especially as more and more revenue goes to intermediaries, not the media organisations supplying the news they link to. Right to be forgotten He thinks further development of a principle such as the EU’s “right to be forgotten” – to have links to irrelevant or outdated information removed from search engines – has a place, too. “I know it is controversial and that there are concerns in the press” about links being removed to factual stories or information, but he thinks that in individual cases “a humane, compassionate response . . . is for the intermediary to intervene”. Many people don’t understand the difference between sponsored content and organic content. These basic levels of media literacy should be taught in school to children from about age nine on, Pasquale believes. And just addressing the “filter bubble” – where people increasingly only see news that aligns with and reinforces their existing point of view, thanks to social media and search algorithms – doesn’t work. He points to factually misleading tweets from Fox News (although he notes something similarly misleading could come from left-wing news sources) and says offering such posts isn’t a proper counterbalance. “The problem here is [that] modulation presumes rational deliberation.” He argues that his suggested modes of regulation “would enable us to move a bit closer to a better modulated, more legitimate public sphere”. He adds: “It’s really a plea for structure.” The current process offers little structure and is instead one of “extreme corporate power”.       Topics: Data Privacy Dylann Roof Frank Pasquale Hillary Clinton Eu University Of Maryland Facebook Google Berlin Charleston(US.SC) United States Washington(US)  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Commercial Property Dalata acquires stake in two Dublin hotels for €62.5m Technology Ikea has a lightbulb moment with new smart lighting system Sport Sonia O’Sullivan: ‘So what is it you do?’ Reflections on a tricky question Innovation OrderPoint aims to cut waste bills for hospitality industry Sponsored Life through a lens: Samsung S8 brings photography to next level The Story of Home: a Kerry mountain retreat Truth serum: how serums won a place in our beauty regimes The Story of Home: A dream of tiny houses Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Latest Business Dalata acquires stake in two Dublin hotels for €62.5m 07:46 Asian markets fall as White House turmoil hits risk sentiment 07:18 Irish firms fear Brexit may lead to war on talent, survey finds 07:02 WannaCry exposes the chaos hacking tools can bring 07:00 C&C brewing up production deals in US 06:55 How to? Easy to follow guides to make technology simple   This week This week we’re talking about . . . flying and the electronics ban This week we’re talking about . . . Vault 7 This week we’re talking about . . . Twitter’s troll takedown Tech Tools Ikea has a lightbulb moment with new smart lighting system Tech Tools: Tradfri kits embrace the Internet of Things, but where’s the remote access? HTC squeezes a lot in to the U11 HTC U11: price to be confirmed Pillow that tracks your sleep, wakes you up and plays music Sunrise Smart Pillow: $299 Samsung’s new Frame TV the picture of style Tech Tools: Swiss designer Yves Behar has turned the telly into a work of art Most Read in Business 1 Ireland’s biggest property developers lodge bids for RTÉ’s land in Donnybrook 2 Bank of Ireland appoints Francesca McDonagh as new chief executive 3 Disabled employee awarded €7,500 after recordings of him shared for colleagues’ merriment 4 Irish firms fear Brexit may lead to war on talent, survey finds 5 State’s housebuilding crisis down to lack of listed builders - Cairn Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Web Log ‘Big Bang Theory’ star offers geek guide to life ‘The Sims’ is coming to iOS and Android An app to curb boozy shopping sprees Facebook rolls out Instant Games for Messenger Oculus shutters VR movie studio Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Thu 18/5/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Thu, May 18, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Businessperson Awards Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Augmented reality check: Gadgets to change how we see the world Technology firms are focused on the AR ‘smart glasses’ revolution, conference told about an hour ago Charlie Taylor Augmented reality app: In a recent report, research firm Digi-Capital noted that, while virtual reality has tended to hog the headlines, mobile augmented reality is rapidly overtaking it in popularity and is likely to be the main driver of a combined market that is expected be worth up to $150 billion by 2020         A “disruption tsunami” is heading our way with augmented reality likely to become increasingly commonplace over the next few years in a move that will bring widespread changes across retail, sports, health and entertainment. That is according to Keith Jordan, founder and chief executive of Dublin-based iTagged, who told delegates at an event in the RDS, Dublin, last week to be prepared for a widespread revolution. He was speaking at ARVR innovate, an annual augmented reality/virtual reality conference, where a range of speakers, including representatives from Microsoft, the Financial Times and BT Group, outlined technological advances that are about to reshape the way we see the world. Jordan, whose company is behind a next-generation augmented reality platform used by organisations such as the ESB, says the world is going to change more in the next 25 years than it has over the previous 70 years, with much of the shift due to an increased focus of tech giants such as Apple, Google and Facebook on AR glasses. “We’re seeing more digital content in the real world and increasingly there is a merging of physical and virtual reality,” he says, predicting that so-called “smart glasses” are going to be the next big thing. Google meanwhile has heavily invested in Magic Leap, a start-up which has come up with 'light-field' smart glasses that are expected to compete with Microsoft’s HoloLens. “We are moving from a ‘heads-down’ world where people spend all their time looking at their smartphones into a ‘heads-up’ one where everyone will have smart glasses,” he says. “Smartphones such as the iPhone will serve as the brains but the glasses will be used for the emotional, vision-led experience,” Jordan adds. Earlier this year it was reported that Apple is collaborating with German optical instruments company Carl Zeiss on a new wearable. Google meanwhile has heavily invested in Magic Leap, a start-up which has come up with “light-field” smart glasses that are expected to compete with Microsoft’s HoloLens. “Smart glasses will displace smartphones by 2025 with one billion shipments a year by then,” says Jordan. Rapidly overtaking In a recent report, research firm Digi-Capital noted that, while virtual reality has tended to hog the headlines, mobile augmented reality is rapidly overtaking it in popularity and is likely to be the main driver of a combined market that is expected be worth up to $150 billion by 2020. For those unsure of the difference: with virtual reality, the physical world is replaced by artificial content, whereas with augmented reality, digital information – such as images or text – is overlaid onto the real world. Mobile app Pokémon Go is a great example of an augmented reality success and up till now, the technology has largely been associated with gaming. However, that is expected to change. Jordan predicts augmented reality will have a huge impact in a number of areas, particularly healthcare. He envisages a world in which doctors will be able to access patients’ case files via their smart glasses and be able to overlay such information – such as previous bone breakages – over the body to see how an injury is healing. Jordan says augmented reality will also lead to a far deeper immersive experience in areas such as sports and children’s toys. But hold on a second. Haven’t we been here before? Wasn’t it just a few years ago that Google Glasses was all the rage? Indeed it was, but that was before a widespread revolt against so-called Glassholes took place that helped lead to its downfall. The tech giant discontinued Glass as a consumer product in 2015 after privacy concerns were raised over the intrusive nature of the wearable with many users refusing to turn off the device when asked. What’s changed significantly in the last five years is ‘Generation Minecraft’ has come through and everything they do is meant to be broadcast Ironically, the product has developed something of a second life with reports that an enterprise version is meeting with great success in the workplace. Jordan acknowledges problems arose with Google Glass but says things have progressed since it was introduced in 2012. ‘Generation Minecraft’ “Google’s problem was that it didn’t put an LED in the front of the glasses that showed when users were recording so people assumed they were always on. What’s changed significantly in the last five years is ‘Generation Minecraft’ has come through and everything they do is meant to be broadcast. They live online, tagging and photographing every moment of their lives and for them, privacy is dead,” he says. “In addition, the technology has improved greatly in terms of AR and is only going to get better. There is talk of Apple having 1,000 engineers in Israel working on smart glasses and so things are really developing and fixed experiences are going to die because once people try this they don’t want to go back to what they had,” Jordan adds. Also appearing at the conference was Jean-François Chianetta, founder and chief executive of Augment, a Parisian start-up with an app which allows users to visualise products in AR. The company, which has raised $4.8 million in equity funding since it was founded in late 2011, has a client list that includes Coca-Cola, Krups, L’Oreal, Boeing and Nestle. He notes that while augmented reality for retail was still relatively niche it is on its way to becoming part of the everyday sales process. “AR for retailers will be everywhere within one-three years,” says Chianetta, adding it played a key role in increasing conversion rates and engaging shoppers, both online and offline. Adapting to technology While augmented reality may be taking precedence, virtual reality is hardly dead in the water. Adoption of the technology may have been slower than originally anticipated but it is happening with some formerly old-fashioned companies such as the Financial Times among those embracing it. The newspaper recently teamed up with Google for a virtual reality partnership last year that has led to the production of a number of short films under the Hidden Cities name. The content, which is viewable across devices or with a specially-designed cardbord viwer from Google, was well received according to Natalie Whittle, the Financial Times’ weekend editor and a speaker at the event. “The first programme in the series, which was a documentary on the favelas in Rio has attracted over 2.9 million views and is our most watched video ever,” she says. “Engagement is a key part of how we measure the success of our content, which is no longer just about how many readers we have ,” Whittle adds. Almost as popular was a follow-up show, Dublin in the Dark: The Story of Emerald Noir, which was filmed in stereoscopic 3D and centred on the new wave of Irish crime writers and their relationship to the country’s literary traditions. “The Hidden Cities series is all about new forms of storytelling and ways to engage with our readers. We’re trying to create a culture where people will keep on returning to the FT and will hopefully eventually become a subscriber,” Whittle says. The Financial Times is not alone in turning to AR and VR to win customers and it seems to be only a matter of time before more brands do likewise.       Topics: Jean Francois Chianetta Keith Jordan Ms Whittle Natalie Whittle ESB Apple Augment Boeing Bt Carl Zeiss Coca Cola Digi Capital Facebook Google Krups L'Oréal Microsoft Nestle Read More Cyberattack: Workers told to be extra vigilant as they return to desks on Monday HTC squeezes a lot in to the U11 Pillow that tracks your sleep, wakes you up and plays music Ikea has a lightbulb moment with new smart lighting system Revenues soar 30% at First Derivatives Facebook fined €150,000 by French data watchdog Just 20 Irish IP addresses hit by global cyber attack Audacious ransomware attack signals escalation in cyber-warfare Analysis: Latest hack shows up need to update computer systems Ransomware attacks are on the increase, experts warn  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Commercial Property Dalata acquires stake in two Dublin hotels for €62.5m Technology Ikea has a lightbulb moment with new smart lighting system Sport Sonia O’Sullivan: ‘So what is it you do?’ Reflections on a tricky question Innovation OrderPoint aims to cut waste bills for hospitality industry Sponsored Life through a lens: Samsung S8 brings photography to next level The Story of Home: a Kerry mountain retreat Truth serum: how serums won a place in our beauty regimes The Story of Home: A dream of tiny houses Latest Business Dalata acquires stake in two Dublin hotels for €62.5m 07:46 Asian markets fall as White House turmoil hits risk sentiment 07:18 Irish firms fear Brexit may lead to war on talent, survey finds 07:02 WannaCry exposes the chaos hacking tools can bring 07:00 C&C brewing up production deals in US 06:55 How to? Easy to follow guides to make technology simple   This week This week we’re talking about . . . flying and the electronics ban This week we’re talking about . . . Vault 7 This week we’re talking about . . . Twitter’s troll takedown Tech Tools Ikea has a lightbulb moment with new smart lighting system Tech Tools: Tradfri kits embrace the Internet of Things, but where’s the remote access? HTC squeezes a lot in to the U11 HTC U11: price to be confirmed Pillow that tracks your sleep, wakes you up and plays music Sunrise Smart Pillow: $299 Samsung’s new Frame TV the picture of style Tech Tools: Swiss designer Yves Behar has turned the telly into a work of art Most Read in Business 1 Ireland’s biggest property developers lodge bids for RTÉ’s land in Donnybrook 2 Bank of Ireland appoints Francesca McDonagh as new chief executive 3 Disabled employee awarded €7,500 after recordings of him shared for colleagues’ merriment 4 Irish firms fear Brexit may lead to war on talent, survey finds 5 State’s housebuilding crisis down to lack of listed builders - Cairn Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Web Log ‘Big Bang Theory’ star offers geek guide to life ‘The Sims’ is coming to iOS and Android An app to curb boozy shopping sprees Facebook rolls out Instant Games for Messenger Oculus shutters VR movie studio Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Thu 18/5/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Inhalt Navigation Weitere Inhalte Metanavigation Suche Choose from 30 Languages Albanian Shqip Amharic አማርኛ Arabic العربية Bengali বাংলা Bosnian B/H/S Bulgarian Български Chinese (Simplified) 简 Chinese (Traditional) 繁 Croatian Hrvatski Dari دری English English French Français German Deutsch Greek Ελληνικά Hausa Hausa Hindi हिन्दी Indonesian Bahasa Indonesia Kiswahili Kiswahili Macedonian Македонски Pashto پښتو Persian فارسی Polish Polski Portuguese Português para África Portuguese Português do Brasil Romanian Română Russian Русский Serbian Српски/Srpski Spanish Español Turkish Türkçe Ukrainian Українська Urdu اردو Wrong language? Change it here DW.COM has chosen English as your language setting. DW.COM in 30 languages DW AKADEMIE ABOUT DW Deutsche Welle TOP STORIES Germany Germany Guide for Refugees World Europe Germany and Turkey - A difficult relationship European Elections 2017 Africa Crime Fighters Africa on the Move Asia Americas Middle East Business Women20 My 2030 Science In Good Shape Spectrum Tomorrow Today Environment Global Ideas In focus DoingYourBit Eco@Africa Living Planet Culture Film Books Music Arts Digital Culture Lifestyle Travel Sports Bundesliga Champions League National Team F1 eSports More sports SPECIAL 500 years of the Reformation Art of Freedom. Freedom of Art. Generation 25 German Book Prize German Football Ambassador German-Jewish Cultural Heritage Gutenberg in the Cyberstorm Learning by Ear Germany What does the victory of Merkel's CDU in a regional election spell for Germany? 15.05.2017 World Possible topics when Trump meets Erdogan at White House 16.05.2017 Business Google banks on AI, but so do its rivals 18.05.2017 Media Center Live TV All media content Latest Programs Podcasts TV Schedule and Reception TV Programs TV programs Arts.21 Business Check-in Close up Conflict Zone DocFilm Drive it! DW News Eco-at-Africa Euromaxx Europe in Concert Faith Matters Focus on Europe Global 3000 In Good Shape Interview Kick off! Kino Made in Germany PopXport Quadriga Reporter Sarah's Music Shift The Bundesliga The Day Tomorrow Today Treasures of the World World Stories RADIO LEARN GERMAN German Courses German Courses Quick start Harry Deutsch Interaktiv Radio D Mission Europe Deutsch - warum nicht? Audiotrainer Deutschtrainer German XXL German XXL Deutsch Aktuell Deutsch im Fokus Telenovela Bandtagebuch Landeskunde Community D Community D Das Porträt Facebook & Co. Podcasts & Newsletter Service Teaching German Teaching German DW im Unterricht Unterrichtsreihen Deutschlehrer-Info Germany World Business Science Environment Culture Sports TOP STORIES / Business Business Google banks on AI, but so do its rivals The 2017 Google I/O developer conference has left no doubt that the company sees its future linked to progress in artificial intelligence (AI) gadgets. But its closest competitors have long embarked on the same path. At its annual developer conference at an outdoor concert venue near its main campus in Mountain View, California, internet giant Google has unveiled its vision for computing centered around artificial intelligence. CEO Sundar Pichai made it abundantly clear that the way to go for computing was from a mobile-first to an AI-first world. "It's forcing us to reimagine our products for a world that allows a more natural, seamless way of interacting with technology," he said during an opening presentation. What Pichai has in mind is to let people engage computers conversationally to a much larger extent than seen before, have software anticipate our needs and let smartphone cameras recognize what they see and provide information about various objects immediately. Whether users always really want their gadgets to be so "talkative" is a different matter, but the direction is clear. The only problem for Google is it's not alone out there in the world, with a host of powerful competitors heading in the same direction. Google's rivals do not sleep At its developer conference, Google talked about boosting the role of its AI-based digital helper called Assistant. It was launched last year on the company's Pixel smartphones and later expanded to phones running Android Nougat. Now Google is releasing the voice-controlled assistant on a free app designed for iPhone's operating system, thus basically competing with Apple on its own turf. Google CEO Sundar Pichai knows Google is facing a lot of challenges from rivals Experts from verge.com have argued that bringing the Assistant to iOS can't hurt. But they emphasize that it's hard to see Google really giving Apple's Siri much competition. Why's that? Well, because Siri has been a built-in service, while Google's assistant requires an app download. Google itself doesn't see that as a disadvantage, hoping that its Assistant will help iOS users to get what they want more quickly, because it can draw upon the knowledge the company has accumulated while running the world's most popular search engine. Not time to rest on its laurels Yes, the Google search engine may indeed be the most popular. It's dominant in a huge number of countries. China is an exception, where Baidu rules. In Russia, Yandex is king. But Google itself knows that even in the nations where it's users' top choice, Amazon is a powerful rival, especially when it comes to product search capabilities. Researchers in the US have found that Amaozon beats Google as a starting point for product search. Shopping searches on Google have been largely flat, while Amazon's have grown rapidly. And another rival in this field is breathing down Google's neck. Facebook is now widely accepted as a major competitor to Google from a mobile and market share perspective. Facebook is second to none when it comes to driving traffic to a website as part of a news cycle. Will Google Home make people's lives easier, or are we just getting lazier? Sneaking into your home The developer conference has confirmed Google's desire to get into our living rooms. It's announced new features to its internet-connected Home speaker such as hands-free calling. Home will also be able to control and interact with a variety of household appliances later this year. You could ask the digital assistant within Home to turn on the dishwasher or set the temperature on the oven. Sounds great? Sure, but that's already available on Amazon's Echo speaker and other devices that use its Alexa assistant. Among the more exotic novelties that Google presented was its new Lens tool. It lets people point their camera at things to find out more about them automatically, like pointing the camera to a flower and being told its name. But even in this specific field, Google is not alone. Samsung for instance is trying something similar with its new Bixby Vision feature on the Galaxy S8 phones. In a nutshell, Google has announced a whole range of new features, or bells and whistles, if you will. But tech experts agree that several of them are already offered by rivals such as Amazon, Apple or Facebook, to name but a few. Watch video 12:00 Share Shift - Living in the Digital Age Send Facebook Twitter Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2acdU Living in the digital age   DW recommends Are we learning to love robots or should we still fear the AI revolution? At the Hanover Fair, robots and humans were at the center of industrial activity. We're to be collaborators now. The question is: can we ever learn to love robots? DW's Zulfikar Abbany finds a line still clearly drawn. (27.04.2017)   Empowering innovation with storytelling tools hosted by Google News Lab (08.05.2017)   Google, Facebook move to clamp down on fake news sites Alphabet Inc's Google and Facebook Inc have announced measures which aim to reduce the spread of "fake news" on the internet. The organization's will be targeting advertising in the clampdown. (15.11.2016)   Internet pioneer Vint Cerf: Google's algorithm 'almost impossible to understand' Vinton G. Cerf, co-inventor of the Internet and vice president of Google, talks about online abuse, Google's search algorithm and digital innovation in the Global South. (19.12.2016)   Berlin residents reject Google Campus Google wants to build a "start-up campus" in Berlin's sought-after Kreuzberg district. The city's mayor is delighted, but local residents fear for their rent, their livelihoods, and the area's unique character. (25.04.2017)   Audios and videos on the topic Living in the digital age   Date 18.05.2017 Author Hardy Graupner (with AFP, AP) Related Subjects Google Keywords Google, developer conference, artificial intelligence, digital assistant Share Send Facebook Twitter Google+ More Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Feedback: Send us your feedback. Print Print this page Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2d8tw Related content David Hasselhoff on his AI-generated alter ego 'The HoffBot' 05.05.2017 David Hasselhoff drove an artificially intelligent car in "Knight Rider." Now he's starring in a short film written by AI. Hasselhoff told DW about the blurry line between his self-referential alter egos and himself. Profits surge at US tech giants 28.04.2017 Booming sales of web services have boosted the profits of Microsoft and Amazon, while Google parent Alphabet reported solid growth in ad revenue that helped it cover rising costs of its "moonshot" projects. Google I/O: Android N and Cardboard to take center stage 18.05.2016 With Google's 2016 developers conference just around the corner, those heading to Mountain View can't wait to see what the US tech giant has lined up for them. We look at some of the expected highlights. Date 18.05.2017 Author Hardy Graupner (with AFP, AP) Related Subjects Google Keywords Google, developer conference, artificial intelligence, digital assistant Share Send Facebook Twitter Google+ More Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Send us your feedback. Print Print this page Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2d8tw DW Business – Europe & Asia Greek Tragedy - Laptop or Flop? - Paradise Lost  DW Business – Europe & Afrika Air travel security worries - VW's Mueller Under Investigation  UNICEF: Number of unaccompanied refugee children reaches 'record high' The number of refugee children traveling alone has increased fivefold since 2010, UNICEF has said. The UN body warned that the alarming trend has forced many young refugees and migrants into prostitution and slavery.   Macron's new cabinet: A political menagerie in Paris France's President Emmanuel Macron has unveiled his cabinet in Paris - an assortment of right- and left-wingers, political professionals and technocrats, young and old. But will they be able to work together as a team?    Dutch King Willem-Alexander discusses role as co-pilot for major airline It's no secret Dutch King Willem-Alexander has a love of flying. What wasn't known until now: How often he's been moonlighting as a co-pilot for a major Dutch airline.   TOP STORIES Germany World Business Science Environment Culture Sports   A - Z Index MEDIA CENTER Live TV All media content Latest Programs Podcasts TV Schedule and Reception TV Programs   RADIO LEARN GERMAN German Courses German XXL Community D Teaching German ABOUT DW Who we are Press Business & Sales Advertising Travel SERVICE Reception Mobile Newsletters & Co. FAQ Contact   DW AKADEMIE About us Media Development Master's Degree Traineeship Training © 2017 Deutsche Welle | Privacy Policy | Legal notice | Contact | Mobile version
« Return to Mobile Website Newsletters Sign-Up Schedule a Demo Does My Company Subscribe? Client Login eMarketer PRO Login eMarketer Retail Login Does my company subscribe? Contact Us Newsletters Sales: 1-800-405-0844 Articles Customer Stories Plans Product Tour Research Topics Request Pricing Recommended Reading: May 18, 2017 eMarketer’s scan of the key developments of the day, plus data to make sense of it all May 18, 2017 Share Email Print Google Assistant Launches on iPhone Google Assistant is coming to the iPhone, the Verge reports. The company announced the news at its Google I/O event, saying it will roll out Assistant as a separate app. One key change? Because of API restrictions, Google Assistant on iOS will be limited to doing more general things, such as sending iMessages and playing a song on the Spotify app, but not set alarms, for example. Facebook Fined for User Tracking in France France’s data regulator, CNIL, has fined Facebook €150,000 ($166,000) for collecting and compiling data about account holders’ activities on third-party sites, primarily for targeted advertising, “without having a legal basis” and “without obtaining their complicit consent” from users to do so. The move is part of an investigation launched in 2014 that looks into the social network’s practices in cooperation with regulators in several other countries across Western Europe. Facebook “respectfully disagree[s]” with the decision, according to a company statement quoted by The Guardian. Weibo Surpasses Twitter User Numbers China’s popular microblogging service Weibo now has more users worldwide than Twitter, according to Weibo’s most recent earnings report. Weibo claimed 340 million monthly active users (MAUs) at the end of Q1 2017, while Twitter reported 328 million for the same time period. Weibo obviously benefits from the fact that Twitter is blocked in China, but it has also seen a resurgence thanks to its embrace of short-form video content. Thailand Retreats from Facebook Ban Threat Thailand failed to carry through on a promise to block Facebook in the country if it did not remove content deemed illegal by regulators by a May 16 deadline. The directive sparked concerns that the country’s ruling military junta was initiating a crackdown on online freedom of expression. eMarketer estimates that there will be 29.8 million Facebook users in Thailand this year, giving it a penetration rate of 43.6% among the country’s population. Apple Pay Debuts in Italy Apple Pay launched in Italy yesterday, bringing the number of countries where users can make mobile payments via most newer iPhone and iPad models to 16, according to MasterCard. The credit card provider is offering its cardholders in Italy with boon, Carrefour Bank or Unicredit cards immediate access to the service. The Rise of Facial Recognition in China In a piece for MIT Technology Review, Will Knight reports on the rise of facial recognition technologies in China. According to the article, the biometric technique is worming its way into a host of services in the country, including popular digital payment service Alipay. Internet services firm Baidu is also using the technology to allow customers to pick up rail tickets simply by mugging for the camera. IDC Reports Chinese Brands Control 51% of Indian Market Research firm International Data Corporation (IDC) reports that Chinese smartphone manufacturers accounted for more than half (51.4%) of all smartphones shipped in India in Q1 2017. That marks the first time Chinese manufacturers passed the 50% threshold. IDC said Chinese smartphones were aided by their low cost, improved specifications and 4G capabilities. eMarketer estimates there will be 267.1 million smartphone users in India this year. —Cliff Annicelli, Rahul Chadha and Rimma Kats New Report in eMarketer PRO This Week Digital Transformation 2017 For several years, business leaders have been abuzz about digital transformation. But as much as the phrase gets thrown around, many executives and other employees may still lack an of understanding of what it means to digitally transform their company—and what that transformation will require. Preview Report Not a PRO subscriber? Find out how to become one. Previous Article Next Article Latest from eMarketer Latest Articles Latest Webinars Facebook's Ad Juggernaut Approaches Middle Age China's Tencent, While Known for WeChat, Gets a Boost From Gaming More than 90% of US Moms Have a Social Media Account More Articles » eMarketer Daily Newsletter » Customer Experience—How to Navigate the Journey Toward Customer-Centricity Digital Trends in Canada—What You Need to Know for 2017 B2B Personalization—How to Deliver Custom Experiences to Buyers More Webinars » Join eMarketer for a free webinar: Customer Experience—How to Navigate the Journey Toward Customer-Centricity eMarketer Webinar Thursday, May 18, 1pm ET Click to Register. Space is limited. made possible by    Go beyond the articles: eMarketer Products You've never experienced research like this. SEE FEATURES » Hear from our clients: Customer Stories Nearly all Fortune 500 companies rely on us. READ MORE » Want to learn more? Contact Us Inquire about corporate subscriptions today. CONTACT SALES » About eMarketer Contact Us Why eMarketer Events Newsroom Advertising Opportunities Career Opportunities Privacy Policy Call Us: 1-800-405-0844 Coverage by Topic Advertising & Marketing B2B Demographics Ecommerce Email Media Usage, Buying & Planning Mobile Search Social Video NEW! Create your own charts on these topics, instantly. Try it now > Coverage by Geography Asia-Pacific Central & Eastern Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa North America Western Europe Coverage by Industry Automotive Consumer Products Financial Services Media & Entertainment Pharma & Healthcare Retail Travel Popular Articles Why Marketers Haven't Mastered Multichannel TV Campaigns Extend Reach via Facebook Ads How Effective Has Personalization Been So Far? Explore More Articles » Our Media Sites eMarketer Retail         Copyright 2016 eMarketer Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content SuperSite for Windows Search: Stay Connected Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS IT/Dev Connections About Newsletter Register Log In Username or e-mail: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Windows Windows 10 Windows RT Windows 8 Windows 7 Windows Vista Windows XP Mobile Windows Phone Mobile Devices Cloud OneDrive Outlook.com Skype Windows Server Office Music & Videos Games Xbox 360 Xbox One Podcasts Advertisement Home > AI > Google's Voice-Activated Helpers Need More Assistance Google's Voice-Activated Helpers Need More Assistance May 17, 2017 Shira Ovide | Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Bloomberg Advertisement (Bloomberg Gadfly) -- All around us, people are getting habituated to digital helpers, often controlled by their voices. They talk to Apple Inc.'s Siri to transcribe a text message to Mom. Tonight, people will ask their Echo speakers powered by Amazon.com Inc.'s Alexa software to order pizza. Microsoft put its Cortana voice assistant into hundreds of millions of computers.  But Google's ubiquity in people's lives hasn't been much of a help in the battlefield for the emerging technology of voice-activated intelligent assistants.  The Blandest Name for a Digital Helper: Google Assistant The company talked prominently about new features for its virtual helpers at its Google I/O conference, which started Wednesday. Of course, many people are Googling by voice, asking to hear the score of the Mets game, or telling Android Auto to pull up directions in a car. But Google's string of digital butlers -- the latest iteration is the Google Assistant for smartphones and the Google Home voice-activated speakers -- don't feel as if they have quite landed yet. Or they have landed even less than the other voice-activated assistants on the market.  Market share for digital helpers isn't available. And the technology is so new that calling winners and losers is silly. But in a technology area Google should dominate, it hasn't captured people's attention and curiosity yet. It's hard to imagine "Saturday Night Live" would make a parody video about Google's voice-controlled digital helpers, the way the TV show did last week about the Amazon Echo speakers.  So what is going awry in the campaign to make Google the most loved intelligent assistant in technology?  Is Google being too careful? Siri and Amazon's Alexa are annoying but occasionally useful and available in many places. Amazon's digital helper is now spreading into an Alexa app for smartphones, the company's Fire TV streaming-video boxes and now a TV set, to home appliances, cars and more. Siri is hard-wired into the more than 215 million iPhones sold every year, plus Macs, iPads and Apple TV devices. Some of these voice-activated options are ridiculous and pointless, but ubiquity helps with awareness of intelligent assistants.  Google's digital buddy is quite good but in fewer places. The company has tiptoed into putting Google Assistant into cars and TVs, but it is most prominent in two spots: A minority of Android phones (more on that below) and in the Google Home speaker. Usually Google is fond of throwing spaghetti at the wall and putting its technology everywhere. The Google search box is inescapable, for example. The company said on Wednesday that Google Assistant was available on more than 100 million devices  and that it was pushing the technology into more TVs and appliances. The company is smart to now try to win over people by more aggressively pitching its Assistant in more places.  Android is a mess, and the Assistant doesn't have a settled place. The Google Assistant is on the two most recent versions of Android, so it is theoretically built into roughly 38 percent of all Android phones. The problem is that not all Android phones work the same way or give Google technologies the same prominence or ability to access all the apps on the phone. Having a digital butler is only useful if it can notice that flight confirmation email for your coming holiday in Florida, put a reminder on your digital calendar and then suggest a fun restaurant on the beach. Google parent company Alphabet Inc. doesn't always have the ability to be that connective tissue on phones from companies such as Samsung that use Android's operating system but have their own ideas about which Google technologies get a prominent position on their phones. Google Assistant is coming to iPhones, too, but it's a good bet that it won't have free rein over iMessage or other non-Google apps.  Does Google need a cutesy name? I personally detest the phenomenon of giving voice-activated assistants female names and identities like Alexa and Cortana. But it has a way of making the technology seem approachable and giving it a coherent brand. The name "Google Assistant" is so very bland. It might be time for Google to get the naming gurus on the case. Arguably, Android got a lift in its early days from a clever name and the "Droid" robot mascot.  I will say that too much attention is devoted to which companies are "ahead" or "behind" in emerging areas of technology. If I had written a column five years ago about voice-controlled helpers, I might have written that Microsoft was leading because of its Kinect motion-and-voice controller for its Xbox video game console, TV sets and more. Kinect fizzled out.  But something is happening. We are now expecting our technology to think for us a little, rather than be told what to do. Google talked Wednesday about handy tasks its digital butlers will be able to perform, such as buying concert tickets just by pointing a smartphone as a theater marquee. Our assisted future sounds exciting. But by being too few places without a coherent identity, Google Assistant needs some assistance to catch on.  This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Amazon Dominating Google in the Voice-Activated Speaker Race Amazon Unveils Image Recognition, Voice-Activated Cloud Services Why Google, Microsoft and Amazon Love the Sound of Your Voice Google: Apple DID reject Google Voice. Thus, Apple DID lie to the FCC 69 An ‘Interview’ With Google’s New Digital Assistant 1 Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WinSuperSite.com Windows Mobile Cloud Windows Server Office Music & Videos Games Podcasts Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Follow US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Search WinSuperSite.com Search: SuperSite for Windows Related Penton Sites Dev Pro SharePoint Pro SQL Server Pro Windows IT Pro IT/Dev Connections myITforum Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
WHBQ Memphis LIVE http://www.fox13memphis.com/cmg-main-theme/css WHBQ Memphis SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your whbq profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 7249941 Home 7249947 Weather FOX13 Radar Hour by Hour Video Forecast Accuweather FOX13 Weather App 7249989 News Black History Month Politics News Videos Zika Virus Recalls 230989619 Family Focus Speaker Request Partners Resources Calendar Request Initiatives 7250109 Traffic 8435464 Investigates Crime/Most Wanted Submit a tip Missing Children 7250151 Sports Super Bowl Memphis Tigers Memphis Grizzlies Tennessee Titans High School Football 7250313 Video FOX13 Video Forecast 7250361 Watch Live News and Replay Live Breaking News 7250265 About Us FOX13 News Staff Contests What's on FOX13 Get Social Cox Careers Advertise with FOX13 Contact Us Newsletters Sign Up More AP Top Technology News at 1:01 a.m. EDT Updated: May 17, 2017 - 11:00 PM Google unveils latest tech tricks as computers get smarter At a Glance: Some of Google's new features seem ... familiar The Latest: Familiarity in Google's newly unveiled services Cisco Systems announces 1,100 more layoffs Talks on airplane laptop ban end with no ban, more talks What we currently know about the global cyberattack Qualcomm: Apple is pressuring contractors in patent dispute Amazon refreshes lineup of low-cost tablets, new kids model Ohio political commentators sue over online harassment ban Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. AP Top Technology News at 1:01 a.m. EDT AP Top Strange News at 12:01 a.m. EDT AP Top International News at 3:05 a.m. EDT AP Top U.S. News at 2:19 a.m. EDT AP Top News at 2:19 a.m. EDT News Local News National/World News Video Traffic FOX13 Weather Weather Download the FOX13 Weather App Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About FOX13 What's on FOX13 FCC EEO Report FOX13 Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Google Expeditions Will Be Getting A New Augmented Reality Mode By Tyler Lee on 05/17/2017 21:41 PDT Like tech videos? Subscribe to Ubergizmo on Youtube Since it would be a difficult and expensive task to try and bring students in a classroom to various parts of the world for educational experiences, what Google has done is launch Expeditions which basically allows educators to give students a similar experience using the technology of virtual reality. Now it seems that Google has decided to expand on Expeditions and this time by using augmented reality. Announced at I/O 2017, Google has decided to use its Tango technology to help bring AR to the classroom and to its Expeditions service, which you can see for yourself in the video above. According to Google, “More than two million students have taken virtual field trips with Expeditions using Cardboard, and this fall, we’re bringing AR lessons to schools through our Pioneer Program. With Expeditions AR, students can gather around the Statue of David, a strand of DNA, or even a whirling Category 5 hurricane without leaving the classroom.” It looks pretty fun and given that it only requires the use of a smartphone with Tango technology, it might be more accessible compared to trying to get multiple VR headsets. Educators who are interested in getting Expeditions AR to their classes can sign up in the Pioneer Program on Google’s website. Filed in General. Read more about augmented reality, education, Google, google i/o 2017, google io and project tango. Related Articles 2017-05-17 Android O Will Be Getting New Emojis 2017-05-17 Android Now Has 2 Billion Monthly Active Users 2017-05-17 Google Search Will Soon Make Job Hunting A Bit Easier 2017-05-17 Android’s Instant Apps Now Available To All Developers 2017-05-17 Google Lens Uses Your Camera To Make Searches In Real-Life 2017-05-12 Google I/O 2017: What to Expect Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles Pornhub Gives Its Visitors A Heart Attack With Its April Fool’s Prank Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
GSMArena.com Tip us 868k 130k 87k 212k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Video Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact Sony at MWC 2017 Sony Xperia XZ Premium, XZs, XA1 Ultra, and XA1 - - - Here's a recap of what's coming in Android O, as the OS reaches 2 billion active devices Post your comment Comments (26) Vlad 17 May 2017 Google Google IO 2017 Android During its IO keynote today, Google reiterated the main new features coming in the Android O release later this year, but also unveiled a couple of new things. Do note that most of what follows has initially been announced back in March when the first Developer Preview of Android O became available. Speaking of pre-release software, the Android O Beta Program is now live if you're interested in giving the new version a spin (and happen to own one of six supported Nexus and Pixel devices). Android O comes with the recently detailed Project Treble, which means some of its base has been modularized so that updates will hopefully come faster for devices that aren't supported directly by Google. Battery life is a focus in this release, and improvements in this regard will come through new automatic limits imposed onto what apps can do in the background - if said apps target Android O. The copy and paste workflow has been improved when dealing with names of places and addresses as well as phone numbers, with the addition of Smart Text Selection. Before you had to manually select an address if you then wanted to look it up, but in O double tapping on any of the words in the address will result in the entire thing being automagically selected without any other input needed from you. From there it's easy to jump to Google Maps to see directions to that place. The same process works for names of businesses too. And when you double tap any part of a phone number, that instantly becomes callable. For security, a new feature called Google Play Protect will be surfaced in the Play Store. This is basically the same Google engine that has automatically scanned your apps for malicious behavior, but now it will be much more visible to end-users. You'll see information about when the last scan was performed, and will get an option to start a manual scan at any time. The Find my device feature will also live under the Play Protect umbrella starting in Android O. With the new Autofill API, interesting use cases will be made possible. Say you have your Twitter credentials stored in Chrome. Then you install the Twitter app, and when you want to sign in the username and password will be autofilled by the OS based on the existing data. Of course this will also be used by third parties, most notably password managers, to make signing into stuff a breeze. Notification Channels mean developers will define categories for notification content, and you'll choose to "subscribe" only to the channels you're interested in. Additionally, notifications will be snooze-able in Android O. Picture-in-Picture Mode for videos will take what happens in the YouTube app when you start playing a video and then hit Back to the OS level. So the video will stay with you while you do other things on your device. Picture-in-Picture mode (left) and Notification Dots (right) If you like those app badges in iOS that let you know you have, say, unread emails - well then you're going to love Android O. Yes, such Notification Dots will be automatically applied to your apps' icons, but there's an unexplained twist: there will be no number in the badge. The badge itself (a dot, basically) will show up, and that's it. The hue of the badge will be automatically generated using the colors used in every app's icon. To get a preview of what the dot is about, you long press the app's icon. Under the hood enhancements are everywhere in Android O, starting with the claimed twice as fast boot time, and improved app performance - all with no changes required from developers. Android has reached 2 billion monthly active devices, less than three years after hitting the 1 billion milestone. And with Android O, Google is making its mobile operating system more secure, modular, battery-friendly, and feature-filled than it's ever been. Source 1 | Source 2 | Source 3 Related articles Android O Beta Program debuts for Pixel and Nexus devices Google announces Android Go for devices with 1GB of RAM or less Google adds Smart Reply in Gmail for Android and iOS Google Assistant gains more features as it marks availability on 100M devices Reader comments LG superfan sS5x 52 minutes ago I already have notification badge with numbers of unread emails, messages etc Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 26 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Samsung Galaxy S8 82,233 2. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 55,766 3. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 55,685 4. Xiaomi Redmi 4a 49,777 5. Xiaomi Redmi 4 (China) 45,341 6. Xiaomi Mi 6 45,029 7. Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) 44,508 8. Samsung Galaxy S8+ 43,772 9. Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) 39,444 10. Apple iPhone 6 35,481 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 2,173 2. OnePlus 3 1,685 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,674 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,645 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,523 6. HTC 10 1,456 7. LG G5 1,221 8. Samsung Galaxy S8 1,111 9. Xiaomi Mi Mix 865 10. OnePlus 3T 859 Home News Reviews Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2017 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Oppo F3S Redmi 4A iPhone 7 Asus Zenfone 3s Max Moto G5 Plus Nokia 3310 Motorola Moto M PM Modi launches BHIM-Aadhaar app, now pay at shops using fingerprint HTC U with Snapdragon 835, Edge Sense to launch in April OnePlus 5 spotted again, launch date set for Q2 2017 Jio's new Dhan Dhana Dhan offer: Top 5 things that you need to know Home > Technology > For India, Android Go is Google's biggest announcement at I/O 2017 Javed Anwer   |   @brijwaasi Last Updated: MAY 18, 2017 Mountain View Email Author At I/O 2017, Google made a lot of announcements. But the most important of them all, as far as Indian users are concerned, is the Android Go. According to Google this is the new version of Android that is going to be much more lighter, more noble and hence will run better on budget phones compared to the existing version of Android. For now Google is light on specifics as far as the availability of the Android Go is concerned, but sure sounds like one interesting preposition. Currently, according to google, Android has over 2 billion active users across the world. that is a huge number. But that still means that almost 4 billion users don't have an Android phone, or a smartphone. With Android Go, Google wants to reach out to these prospective users and for that it wants to bring better Android experience to budget phones because the people who are still using a feature or are not using a phone are not likely to buy the expensive Google Pixel or the Galaxy S8. "With Android Go, the goal is to get computing into the hands of more people by creating a great smartphone experience on all Android devices with 1GB or less of memory," said Dave Burke, VP of engineering at Google. "Android Go is designed with features relevant for people who have limited data connectivity and speak multiple languages, and comes to life through three key areas: the Android OS, Google apps, and the Google Play Store." Also Read: Google I/O 2017 live updates: Google announces Android Go, plans to build new VR headset Google says that the Go will come to users in 2018 although it is probably too early for it to talk about what shape the Go can take. This is not the first time Google is hoping to bring better experience to budget phones users with a special version of Android. Earlier, the company tried it with the Android One. The Android One platform was launched by Google in 2014 in India and for the platform, Google worked with Indian phones makers like Micromax, Spice and Karbonn. Although it was a promising platform, for various reasons it failed to take off. Google now says that it learned a lot from Android One and has used some of those lessons to ensure that Android Go works as intended. Currently it is not clear if Google will make Android Go powered phones itself or if it will again work with hardware partners for the Android Go phones. At the high-end the company has started making Pixel phones, which it sells in its own name. But it is very much possible that in the lower end of the market, the company amy continue to work with hardware partners.   What's in the name As far as the name is concerned, Android Go is clearly inspired by YouTube Go, an lightweight version of YouTube. Google says that YouTube Go, which has been designed to work well on low-speed internet connections and less powerful phones, is incredibly popular among users. The company notes that it is also using the learning from the YouTube Go to make the Android Go a better product. Also Read: Google I/O 2017: Android Go, new VR headset, Google Lens and other key announcements India currently has over 300 million smartphone users, which means that almost 70 per cent of the population still doesn't have a smartphone. However, it is also a kind of consensus among the industry experts that the number of smartphones users will no go up quickly only if the price of these phones come down. A few years ago, the prices of good smartphones in India fell quickly but  since 2015 they seem to have stabilised and are no longer coming down below Rs 6000 to Rs 7000 for good, usable smartphones. There are phones available for cheaper but they provide good enough experience. It is possible that with Android Go, Google hopes to bring phones to the market that will offer good experience even for phones that costs less than Rs 5,000. It can also tie up with some of the other efforts that other companies are making in making budget phones more useful. Currently, a number of companies including Jio, are hoping to create affordable 4G phone that could sell for as low as Rs 3,000. It is possible Google may pitch Android Go to these companies in an aim to bring to market more usable budget 4G phones. Disclaimer: The reporter's travel and stay for this event in Mountain View, California have been arranged by Google. For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Vodafone offers 28GB data and free calls for Rs 346, offer only until March 15 Apple iPhone 6 at Rs 28,999 isn't such a good idea. Because, OnePlus 3T Airtel offers 28GB 4G data, unlimited calls for Rs 345 to counter Jio Prime Airtel changes Infinity plans again? More data, Rs 499 base pack on offer Recommended Reviews LG G6 review: The dark horse Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro review: Good but not enough to beat the best Canon G9X II review: Best compact camera under Rs 30,000 in India Micromax Evok Note review: Not noteworthy enough Samsung Galaxy S8, Galaxy S8+ review: Cutting the edge and doing it in style VIDEOS WannaCry is the biggest ransomware outbreak in history WannaCry Ransomware affects India but govt says no harm done Google I/O event: Google to announce a new OS? more Tech Tips WannaCry ransomware cyber attack: Here's how you can protect yourself Tech Tips: How to delete your WhatsApp account permanently Tech tip: Delete your Facebook account permanently with these easy steps Miss old status in WhatsApp? Here's how to set it up in new WhatsApp Tech tip: Use this free method to watch region-locked YouTube videos in India more Talking Points Priya PathakFree Jio is gone and here is why you are going to miss it badly Shobhit VarmaSamsung Galaxy S8 is gorgeous but it is not perfect and here are 5 reasons why Javed AnwerDear DU, you should teach students NOT TO post on Facebook Javed AnwerIf you find Galaxy S8 overpriced, it is not meant for you Javed AnwerSnapchat fiasco shows India is not just poor but some Indians are also stupid more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Games Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español It's happening: Google's AI is building more AIs We've reached AI inception, but Google CEO Sundar Pichai still wants to "go deeper." Sci-Tech by Katie Collins 18 May 2017 3:52 am AEST @katiecollins Google.ai will see AI benefit every Google product under the sun. James Martin/CNET Put away your machine learning degrees -- artificial intelligence is now at the stage where it's ready to replicate and improve on itself, according to Google. Googlers have designed AIs that are capable of "learning to learn," said CEO Sundar Pichai, speaking Wednesday at Google I/O, the company's annual developer's conference in Mountain View, California. "We are excited about designing better machine learning models, but these days it is really painstaking," said Pichai. Instead of relying on human labor to design new models, Google is now delegating the responsibility to machine learning models it already built. More from Google I/O 2017 Android O, Google Lens and VR: Everything important from Google I/O Google Photo's AI is better at sharing your photos than you are 5 ways Google Home just got better See all Google I/O 2017 news His staff often joke to him that they've reached "AI inception", he said. "I tell them, 'we must go deeper'." This is all part of a project called Google.ai, which will see gains in artificial intelligence benefit every single product across the Google portfolio. The most important of these, said Pichai, are Google Search and Google Assistant, as well as how the two will work together. "We are evolving Google Search to be more assistive to our users," he said. This means we can expect to see better integration between the voice assistant's intelligence and search, as well as a blurring of the boundaries between the two. It will also be used to create tools for health care and to assist in pathology, such as improving breast cancer diagnosis, which still currently results in high levels of disagreement between experts. Chemistry will benefit too, Pichai added. The job of predicting the properties of new molecules, which is essential in drug discovery, takes "an enormous amount of time" right now, he said. "One day, AI will invent new molecules that will behave in predefined ways." 32 All the cool stuff Google announced at I/O It's Complicated: This is dating in the age of apps. Having fun yet? These stories get to the heart of the matter. Tech Enabled: CNET chronicles tech's role in providing new kinds of accessibility. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Google I/O 2017 Sci-Tech Google Google I/O 2017 All the news from the annual Google I/O event, including the latest on Android. May 18 Google Home coming to Australia, sorry Alexa May 18 Google Assistant wants to be the next Venmo May 18 Hell froze over: Google Assistant is on the iPhone May 18 Find your lost Android device with Google's Find My Device All Google I/O 2017 Stories More stories Is this why Stephen Hawking doesn't believe in God? T-Rex pulverized bones with 8,000 pounds of force, study says Dwarf planet Ceres' weird spots shine in new NASA movie Awww! This is what a baby star looks like Close   Discuss: It's happening: Google's AI is building more... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Why Android is likely safe from a WannaCry-like attack 5 new features on Android O Google's Android O has several new features that aim to give you a more fluid phone experience, including picture in picture and faster copy and paste. 3:22 New Apple laptops coming, Instagram Stories gets face filters The biggest tech headlines of the day include word that new Apple laptops are coming, Google's Assistant heading to iOS and Instagram Stories getting face-recognition filters. by Jeff Bakalar 1:08 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Google beefs up Android security with Play Protect Google has announced suite of Play Protect services to keep your Android devices secure. The security services aims at providing new protections and greater visibility into your device security. You will be able to see these service at work on your phone by navigating to the “My apps & games” section of the Google Play Store. Play Protect is built into every device with Google Play and is always updating. It automatically takes action to keep your data and device safe. The service will warn you about bad apps that are downloaded from other sources. It must be noted that Google already does a security screening before making the app available in the Google Play store where it identifies malware and ensures that apps conform to Google’s policies. Google states that the service scans 50 billion apps each day using machine learning. Google is also launching Find My Device as part of Google Play Protect that will allow you to locate, ring, lock and erase your Android devices—phones, tablets, and even watches. This feature is built in and enabled on all devices; visit android.com/find or check out the app. Google said it will start rolling out these features over coming weeks. Source Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using OnePlus 3T but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on May 18, 2017May 18, 2017Categories Android, Google Post navigation Previous Previous post: Google adds Smart Reply to Gmail for Android and iOS Next Next post: Android O beta registration goes live, O Developer Preview 2 factory images, OTA now available Trending Phones OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Google Pixel Honor 6X Apple iPhone 7 Plus Nokia 6 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Google showcases new Visual Positioning Service for Project Tango Android GO experience coming to all entry-level Android devices with 1GB RAM or less in 2018 Android O beta registration goes live, O Developer Preview 2 factory images, OTA now available Google beefs up Android security with Play Protect Google adds Smart Reply to Gmail for Android and iOS Google Photos get suggested sharing, shared libraries and photo books IFA Global Press Conference 2017 Summary HTC VIVE and Lenovo are developing standalone Google Daydream VR Headsets Google Home to get hands-free calling, proactive assistance, Bluetooth streaming and more Google Assistant now lets you type, adds new languages, to get Google Lens visual AI intelligence CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G 5G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Digital Payments Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology Smartphones How to get Android O on your Nexus and Pixel phones Try out the test builds in advance to get a taste of Android O. By Agamoni Ghosh May 18, 2017 06:06 BST All Pixel and Pixel XL owners can get Android O's beta update on their devices Google Google has released the public beta version of the Android O to compatible Pixel and Nexus phone owners. A public beta is a testing build that is released prior to a full scale consumer rollout of the final software. Announcing the rollout at its annual developer conference Google I/O 2017, the company said," our first beta-quality candidate, available to test on your primary phone or tablet. We're inviting those who want to try the beta release of Android O to enrol now at android.com/beta." The Android O will bring many new features to the Android ecosystem, including picture in picture mode, notification dots and smart text selection. There will be four beta builds in total before the final OTA version is released sometime in September onboard the rumoured Google Pixel 2 phone. While this is the second developer preview for Android O, it is the first time a public beta has been made available for the upcoming OS. However, unlike last year, non-Google phones will not be getting to test the beta version as of now. Below are the compatible devices for Android O and its beta builds: Pixel Pixel XL Nexus 5X Nexus 6P Nexus Player Pixel C How to install Android O public beta Make sure you have created a back up of all your data as flashing the new OS may wipe clean your phones You don't need to be a registered developer with Google to get this build, but have to sign up to the Android Beta Program If you have a Google account, no additional hassles are required. You may just be asked to authenticate your sign in once again If your device is eligible, the system will automatically detect it and the installation will begin immediately Make sure you are connected to a good working Wi-Fi else the installation process will keep restarting Once you have the beta build installed, you do not need to manually download future builds as they will automatically come to your phone You can also manually flash factory images by downloading it from developer.android.com. Get a detailed guide on how to do that here. More from IBTimes UK How to install Android O developer preview on Pixel and Nexus devices What is Google Fuchsia? First look at the mysterious new operating system Android O rumours: Notification badges, picture in picture mode and more expected features Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close MotoGP 17 eSport Championship announcement trailer Columnists James Snell “There is no chance that Donald Trump will be impeached READ MORE RAF Reaper drone strike saves Isis prisoners from public execution Hellfire missile attack kills one Isis sentry and puts a stop to... From accidental penis sketch to $5bn 'spaceship': Apple Park is preparing to launch Envisioned by Steve Jobs, Apple Park is the enormous new California... Who is 22-year-old cyber hero who stopped the WannaCry attacks? The cybersecurity researcher has finally revealed his identity. Meet Bernard Charles: Dassault Systems CEO, strategist and chief scientist rolled into one Boss of digital mock-up outfit discusses his company's corporate... How to get Android O on your Nexus and Pixel phones Try out the test builds in advance to get a taste of Android O. Zomato hacked: Dark Web dealer selling 17 million accounts from popular restaurant listing site A dark web vendor going by the pseudonym "nclay" has reportedly... UK launches probe into how Facebook data is manipulated in political campaigns The ICO says there is not enough scrutiny of political adverts on... Google parks AI tanks on Apple's lawn with Assistant for iPhone Siri-rival Google Assistant is now available for the iPhone and has a... Google Lens is what Samsung's Bixby Vision wishes it was What is Google Lens and what can it do? We explain all about the... Italy unanimously passes anti-trolling law to protect children from online abuse The new law will make it illegal for anyone to subject a child to... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Review: Huawei Watch 2 loses the charm of its predecessor [Video] Trending in Google How to install & run Google Assistant on your Mac or PC desktop [Video] Trending in Google Best Android smartwatches you can buy [May 2017] Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [May 2017] Trending in Google Review: The BlackBerry Keyone is a step back in time that I really want to love [Video] Trending in Google Review: Acer Chromebook 11 N7 is a rugged, affordable laptop for students [Video] Yesterday GOOG: 919.62 -23.38 Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] Ben Schoon - May. 17th 2017 9:19 pm PT @NexusBen Feature Android Android O View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit The first developer preview for Android O didn’t bring much to the table, but Google fixed that today at I/O 2017. Now available through the Android Beta Program, the second developer preview of Android O brings a lot more of the features we were hoping to test from the initial announcement. So, let’s take a closer look. The best gifts for Android users First and foremost we’ll look at the launcher. In Android O, Google has made a few new additions, the first of which is a revamp of the app shortcuts feature. Not only do we get a new design which is reminiscent of Apple’s 3D Touch, but we also get some new shortcuts. The first, which is available on all apps, leads directly to the app’s info page in the settings. The other is a shortcut to any widget that app has, a handy tool for adding widgets to your homescreen. Further, the app shortcut menu can now display notifications that that app is offering up at the time. To indicate that a notification is available, the app’s icon shows a small badge when there are notifications, which disappears when all notifications for that app have been dismissed. The launcher, at least on the Google Pixel, also offers an option to apply a new icon mask to all icons on your homescreen. Moving on, this new version of the developer preview has a slightly altered color scheme, ditching the all-white color scheme for more of a greyscale palette. Personally, I think it looks quite good, but I’m hoping Google will still offer themes down the road. New emoji are also included with this update, with which Google has left the blobs we’ve come to know over the past few years for a new, more traditional look (which I personally don’t like). This update also adds support for two of Android O’s biggest features. The first is smart text selection, which allows Android to identify bits of text such as phone numbers or addresses and select the entire thing, as well as suggesting an app that may be able to interact with it. The second big feature which is finally enabled is picture-in-picture. Right out of the gate developer preview 2 is supposed to work with YouTube and Duo with this feature, but only the former worked for me after a bit of trial and error. Once working, though, PIP works fantastic, and should really come in handy, especially on larger phones and tablets. Ben Schoon @NexusBen Ben is a writer for 9to5Google who can also be found over on the 9to5Google YouTube channel and on Twitter @NexusBen. Favorite Gear Pixel XL Gear S3 Frontier Huawei Mate 9 Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Android O View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Oppo F3S Redmi 4A iPhone 7 Asus Zenfone 3s Max Moto G5 Plus Nokia 3310 Motorola Moto M PM Modi launches BHIM-Aadhaar app, now pay at shops using fingerprint HTC U with Snapdragon 835, Edge Sense to launch in April OnePlus 5 spotted again, launch date set for Q2 2017 Jio's new Dhan Dhana Dhan offer: Top 5 things that you need to know Home > Technology > Google I/O 2017: Android Go, new VR headset, Google Lens and other key announcements Javed Anwer   |   @brijwaasi Last Updated: MAY 18, 2017 Mountain View Email Author Google held its annual I/O conference for 2017 on May 17 in Mountain View, the US city where Google has its main office. The I/O has always been a conference for developers and consequently is not event where the big bang, most exciting announcements are made by Google. And the 2017 edition of the I/O remains true to its character. But this doesn't mean there was no big news for consumers, because there was. Here are the top announcements that Google made at the I/O. Android Go is a goThis is arguably the most important announcement Google made at the I/O 2017 as far as its Indian users are concerned. Just like Google has the YouTube Go for users who access the video streaming service on a networks that are slow and the phones that are not exactly blazing fast, it has now announced a new version of the Android that is specifically made for users in countries like India and Brazil. Google says that these are the markets from where the next billion of Android users are going to come and it is hoping to make it easier for users in these countries to get Android that is fast, functional and usable even if it has been paired with a budget phone. The speciality of the Android Go is that it will work well even with less costly hardware. For example, Google says that Android Go will work well with even 512MB RAM. It will also have provision to ensure that users get timely updates and that they get performance that is well optimised. Google is finally making Oculus competitorAfter dabbling in VR half-heartedly, Google is finally taking the big hardware step in VR that it so far avoided. The company started its VR journey with a headset made of cardboard. Last year it introduced Daydream VR platform and brought out headsets made of plastic and fabric. Although nicer than the cardboard headsets, the Daydream headset require a compatible phone to work with and currently the number of such headphones is very limited. This year, however, Google is announcing that it is working with hardware partners - Qualcomm, HTC and Lenovo - to make VR headsets that will be similar to Facebook's Oculus and HTC's own Vive. These headsets will not require a phone to work. Though these are also early days for Google's VR ambitions and other than the fact that Google is making a standalone VR headset, not much is known about its VR plans. But may be once the headsets are out in the market by the end of this year, Google will offer details. Android O beta arrivesAndroid O was announced a few months ago, and may be that is why Google's didn't spend much time talking about it at the Google I/O. But Android O did get some stage time, along with the Android Go. Google detailed how it is focussing on the improving user experience in Android O through features like Vitals and Fluid Experience. More significantly the I/O marks the arrival of Android O in beta stage. Although it is still meant for Android developers, now anyone can go register to get Android o if they have a compatible devices. The list of such devices however is very small but in case you have it, Google will send the Android O to your phone via Over The Air update. Google LensAfter ruling the text-based search for years, Google is now making a push for the visual search. And that it is doing through the Google Lens. This app, which will be arriving to phones soon, Google is going to use the machine learning, artificial intelligence and Google Assistant to offer users some cool features, which seem to be straight out of a futuristic movie. here is how Lens works. You are in a Japanese restaurant where the menu is in Japanese, a language that you can neither read nor speak. so you take out your phone, point it at the name of the dish and Lens will translate the language for you. Now this is something that some other apps can also do. But Lens goes beyond it. now you can ask the phone, "show me". You don't have to speak the name of the dish. The phone will already make sense of it, because it knows the context, and then do an image search for the relevant dish. Also Read: Google I/O 2017 live updates: Google announces Android Go, plans to build new VR headset This is just one example. Based on the context and what you are searching for you will get different kind of information with Google Lens. Google Home gets powerful The same AI that powers the Google lens also going to give the Google Home, which is the company's smart speaker, some more powers. The Google home is going to get hands-free calling feature. Now, currently Google Home is not available in India and hence its features too are not going to be available to consumers here, but these new features in the Home sure sounds cool. The hands-free, and free, calling for example will too use AI and machine learning. the google Home will automatically identify the voice of who is commanding it and accordingly perform its role. So for example, if you tell it to call mom, it will call your mom. And if your wife too tells it to "call mom," it will call her mom. It recognise the voice and will know who to call. Disclaimer: The reporter's travel and stay for this event in Mountain View, California have been arranged by Google. For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Vodafone offers 28GB data and free calls for Rs 346, offer only until March 15 Apple iPhone 6 at Rs 28,999 isn't such a good idea. Because, OnePlus 3T Airtel offers 28GB 4G data, unlimited calls for Rs 345 to counter Jio Prime Airtel changes Infinity plans again? More data, Rs 499 base pack on offer Recommended Reviews LG G6 review: The dark horse Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro review: Good but not enough to beat the best Canon G9X II review: Best compact camera under Rs 30,000 in India Micromax Evok Note review: Not noteworthy enough Samsung Galaxy S8, Galaxy S8+ review: Cutting the edge and doing it in style VIDEOS WannaCry is the biggest ransomware outbreak in history WannaCry Ransomware affects India but govt says no harm done Google I/O event: Google to announce a new OS? more Tech Tips WannaCry ransomware cyber attack: Here's how you can protect yourself Tech Tips: How to delete your WhatsApp account permanently Tech tip: Delete your Facebook account permanently with these easy steps Miss old status in WhatsApp? Here's how to set it up in new WhatsApp Tech tip: Use this free method to watch region-locked YouTube videos in India more Talking Points Priya PathakFree Jio is gone and here is why you are going to miss it badly Shobhit VarmaSamsung Galaxy S8 is gorgeous but it is not perfect and here are 5 reasons why Javed AnwerDear DU, you should teach students NOT TO post on Facebook Javed AnwerIf you find Galaxy S8 overpriced, it is not meant for you Javed AnwerSnapchat fiasco shows India is not just poor but some Indians are also stupid more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Google Photos’ new AI sharing may be creepy, but count me in Chris Davies - May 17, 2017 1 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit At a Google I/O where the Google Assistant held center stage, it was a service I’m already deeply committed to, Google Photos, which arguably made best mainstream use of the growing AI. Like Google’s most successful products, the integration between the Assistant and the cloud photo service ignored technological showboating in favor of just plain useful features that address real sharing hassles users experience every day. Indeed, as nudges to sharing goes, it’s hard to see how Google Photos could now make it any easier without bypassing the human user altogether. I can certainly understand why some people might find the new sharing features a little creepy. After all, hunting through the faces in each frame to figure out who you might want to send that gallery to is a good example of artificial intelligence skirting the line between “talented superhuman” and “uncomfortably superhuman”. No, it won’t actually share them out without your blessing, but if the thought of a supercomputer sifting through your images gives you unpleasant feelings then this probably isn’t the upgrade for you. All the same, it’s built on nothing Google Photos hasn’t been doing already. Its facial recognition has been present from the start, and I’ve found it’s actually surprisingly useful when you’re hunting back for old shots in the depths of your archive. If I’ve got a problem with it, it’s that it does well with humans but not so well with cats, and frankly that’s probably what I’d be more likely to make a new Photo Book of. Really, though, I can see Shared Libraries causing more of an issue. Certainly all the privacy features are, on the face of it, there. You can choose the subset of images you share, back to a certain date, or only including certain faces. Problem is, all it takes is one mis-recognized face – something which, for all its AI smarts, still occasionally happens on Google Photos – and someone might see something you didn’t intend them to. Or, perhaps worse still, that personal selfie you took and that got automatically backed-up without you realizing, suddenly gets flagged up as a new shared image. The sharing suggestions, however, are so in tune with how I use Google Photos now that I wonder whether the company made them just for my benefit. I rely on auto-uploading on every phone I use, in the knowledge that otherwise they’d sit on random devices and memory cards and eventually be lost without trace or inadvertently wiped. Often I tell someone I’ll be sure to send them a copy, only to forget to actually send them on. Meanwhile, going back through my library recently made clear to me that, while I take a reasonable amount of photos of other people when I’m out, I don’t often show up there myself. If nothing else, today’s updates are motivation to encourage other people to start using Google Photos too, if only so that they’re more likely to flesh out my galleries with pictures where I’m actually in the frame. I’ve found Google’s promise of unlimited free storage space for photos helps when making my argument. NOW READ: All the big news from Google I/O 2017 Day 1 Machine learning and artificial intelligence can be as difficult to explain as they are, at times, creepy. Google Photos’ newest sharing features may not be as technologically aggressive as some of the ways the company is using AI, at least on the surface, but as a practical demonstration of its potential worth I’d venture it’s the most successful out of everything unveiled during the two hour I/O 2017 keynote today. Best of all: if you don’t like it, you can just turn it off. Are you creeped out by Google Photo’s facial recognition? Am I being too trusting? Let me know what you think in the comments! Tags AIAndroidArtificial IntelligenceeditorialgoogleGoogle IOGoogle Photosopinion Must Read Bits & Bytes This is what Embedded Android is like in Audi’s Google I/O concept car Everything from the Google I/O 2017 opening keynote Go-tcha Review for Pokemon GO [Auto Update Auto-Catch Time!] After 20 years, HTC reveals how the sausage is made HTC U11 hands-on: The Android flagship you want to squeeze Latest Headlines Xiaomi Mi 6 teardown examines waterproofing, clear back option May 18, 2017 Google Play Protect has been protecting Android devices for years May 17, 2017 Nintendo unloads more juicy ARMS tidbits for the Switch May 17, 2017 This is what Embedded Android is like in Audi’s Google I/O concept car May 17, 2017 Google Calendar and Todoist get real-time task and event syncing May 17, 2017 Latest Reviews 808 Audio CANZ Glo portable wireless speaker mini Review May 17, 2017 Go-tcha Review for Pokemon GO [Auto Update Auto-Catch Time!] May 16, 2017 Elgato Stream Deck Review: Too useful just for Twitch streamers May 15, 2017 Lenovo Yoga 720 Review — a slim, premium laptop with Thunderbolt May 10, 2017 Hulu Live TV Review: The promise of good things to come May 7, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google says Android O could make your phone reboot twice as fast - apps could see doubled speeds, too David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/05/17 1:11pm PDTMay 17, 2017 29 Plus 1 on G+ 163 Share on Facebook 65 Share on Twitter Total Shares257 Android O Android OS News Series: Android O Feature Spotlights This article is part of our Android O Feature Spotlights series.Previous ArticleShow AllNext Article ... 48 40. Android O feature spotlight: SMS authentication process gets streamlined 2017/05/15 7:44am PDTMay 15, 2017 55 41. Android O feature spotlight: Notification Dots put notifications on your icons 2017/05/17 12:24pm PDTMay 17, 2017 45 42. Google says Android O could make your phone reboot twice as fast - apps could see doubled speeds, too 2017/05/17 1:11pm PDTMay 17, 2017 70 43. Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 86 44. Android O feature spotlight: Quick settings are now grayscale, get some other small tweaks 2017/05/17 1:55pm PDTMay 17, 2017 ... View All 47 Articles In This Series During today's keynote at Google I/O, Google revealed a couple of interesting figures about the upcoming Android O release. Namely, it should be a lot faster in certain regards. Google says that the Pixel, for example, will reboot up to twice as fast on Android O (it does take a while at the moment). It wasn't immediately clear what optimizations allowed for this boosted performance. As in the hero image of this post, Google also alluded to improved performance for apps at large. Using Google Sheets as an example, Google claimed that when running a set of typical workload benchmarks in the app, Sheets completed operations over twice as quickly in these scenarios. How exactly this is happening, again, is unclear. But it's certainly good news - faster apps are better apps. The improved reboot times should further reduce the amount of time necessary to install an OTA update on your device. Last year at I/O, Google announced seamless updates, allowing you to install updates on your phone in the background on a separate system partition while you can continue to use the device. Rebooting is still something that has to happen with seamless updates, though, and it sounds like Android O should make that process even faster. Tags android o i/o 2017 io2017 series_android_o_feature_spotlights subscribe ... Previous Story Android O feature spotlight: Smart Text Selection automatically highlights the right words at a ... ... Next Story Daydream comes to the Galaxy S8 this summer, a future LG phone later this year Trending 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Forget vega #getEVGA Good job google .... Darth Vader Boooring. Where are the new messaging apps? George SUPER CHAT!!! argh... that girl was super obnoxious... hp-fourtwenty google killed them Roy Haha not funny. No one here can come with new jokes? marcusmarcus2 No kidding. People keep making this joke more than Google makes messaging apps. Kinda ridiculous. Corey Kinard Quality post. 4Ui812 Google Sheets and twice as fast eh ? Maybe the O stands for orgasm :-) T4rd The Spotlight I'm waiting for: "Apps can no longer hide behind 'Android OS' or 'Android System' in the battery stats." blindexecutioner I agree. I know the LED notification managing apps do that. I am not sure it is to be sneaky about it but rather it's just probably how the system is designed. I still think they're worth it but a lot of times people have no idea an app is what is causing their drain and they blame Android/Google for it. Winston That by itself would warrant a totally new letter release for me. As Trump would say, it's YUUGE. On Samsung at least, it now tells you approximately how much battery an app is draining. Interesting statistic: WhatsApp drains between four to seven times more battery than *fking Snapchat*. Teja Hell yeah! Android system is taking 15-20% of my battery on my Oneplus 3. Still can't figure which package is causing this. I at least hope they give individual battery stats for packages included in the so called "Android OS" and "Android System" marcusmarcus2 This will greatly improve the bootloop speeds of some devices. Christopher Kruthoff Clearly the real reason behind such a feature! VAVAMk_2 LG I am looking at you... marcusmarcus2 Oh yeah, well LG is looking at... ...LG is looking at... ...LG is looking at... ...LG is looking at... Roh_Mish Youuuu you you, youuuu, you you yooooooooooo Fernando Pena This is probably true, my phone is A LOT faster after DP2 update. I mean, even faster than the latest stable nougat version. Maxwell “Max” Weinbach I noticed this two on my Nexus 6p. It boots faster than my S8. Fernando Pena I meant overall performance, apps, system and boot as well... Jey How's the battery work far? Fernando Pena I can't say anything battery just yet, let's see how it performs overnight and along the day tomorrow... Tr3ple On my pixel too, I'm impressed blindexecutioner Lol,yeah, ok. I am sure battery life will be quadrupled too. balthazar Could, would, should, won't ... Roy Let's be optimistic and maybe on the Pixel it will. Maxwell “Max” Weinbach Does the S8 support seamless updates? Tim Harman Why would it matter? Samsung will stop providing updates for it as soon as the S9 comes out. (I actually did some Google for you and the answer seems to be "No" but I couldn't find anything confirming it one way or another) D13H4RD2L1V3 Nope. The only phone that supports seamless updates is the Pixel. Corey Kinard Hopefully the OP5 goes for it. It's only a feature useful for phones that actually get updated. Winston No. My phone's day one patch installed as it usually does. Lord Argyris "Google says that the Pixel, for example, will reboot up to twice as fast on Android O..." I wonder how many lifetimes they reckon this saves. bL4Ck Cool, but when a phone starts in a decent amount of time isn't that already good enough? After all these years of smartphones i don't think many turn off their phones at all unless they have to, my 6P often reaches 3-4 weeks of up-time then i randomly restart it for reasons or because play services starts acting weird and drains the battery. I feel like they're putting their focus on the wrong problems, slow boot times was an issue 10 years ago when people were still used to Nokia phones having basic features work even when switched off, but now people either put their phones in airplane mode during the night or switch them to silent, so having twice as fast boot up times isn't going to affect anyone's life in any meaningful way. Winston I think it was really just for show, as the most visible change in the speed. Most things on phones don't really take that long anymore, and they wanted to highlight just how fast the new OS is, so they reduced the boot time by half. Stu The estimates are probably generous but I do feel like Android has finally matured with nougat and it would make sense if the OS became a lot more refined from this point forward. Not a parallel comparison obviously, but you saw similar with iOS. Beebs Vaporware. Samsung has me on Android 4.4 kit kat D13H4RD2L1V3 Well, I wonder how this translates to actual real-world use. Like is it possible to notice the difference? From what I've heard, that seems to be the case. deh2002 Will be great for LG buyer's Dmitry Stepanushkin 2x faster bootloops? just1box Google needs to focus on ONLY THREE things. 1. steamlined/faster OS updates 2. SINGLE All in one rich text messaging app standard across ALL devices and web/PC app 3. really goose Dev's to optimize apps for tablets (The fact the tablet section in PlayStore has basically 5 MORE apps than ALL of Windows 10 app availability is offensive this far along in Android.) Rod I'd add in standby battery drain in there, too. Rod Does this mean Android phones won't be embarrassed at PhoneBuff speed tests anymore? Yay! Roh_Mish Would love this on my XZ. It is a solid performer but my god does it take its own sweet time booting up. Сергей Бугаев They did mention some details about how they accomplished this, for example concurrent garbage collection and heap defragmentation, but we'll hear more in the dedicated ART news session. Cakefish Yay. This is great stuff. Follow Android Police 1.49M 469k 144k 115k Latest Deals 1 [Deal Alert] Celebrate the start of Google I/O with 9 temporarily free and 10 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/17 9:09am PDTMay 17, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $50 off the new HTC U11 with promo code 2017/05/17 3:40am PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 10 [Deal Alert] Get 20% off electronics on eBay with promo code 2017/05/16 4:18pm PDTMay 16, 2017 1 [Deal Alert] 23k gold-plated LG Watch Urbane Luxe is just $150 at B&H ($150+ off) 2017/05/15 9:01pm PDTMay 15, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 69 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 274 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 92 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 311 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 18 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 24 7 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/2/17 - 5/8/17) 2017/05/08 12:30pm PDTMay 8, 2017 9 21 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/26/17 - 5/2/17) 2017/05/02 5:43pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 YouTube mobile streaming is open to all, no longer has a subscriber requirement 2017/05/17 5:46pm PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Hands-on] Futurama Worlds of Tomorrow, a clone of a clone 2017/05/17 4:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 25 Any developer can now make Instant Apps for Android 2017/05/17 2:37pm PDTMay 17, 2017 20 The Google Home app now features customizable user-defined shortcuts for Assistant 2017/05/17 2:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 0 Google's education app Expeditions is getting a new AR mode 2017/05/17 1:17pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Blast from the Past 28 1 Year Ago Today Google Cast v1.15 Reveals A New Firmware Preview Program And Some Possible New Hardware Categories [APK Teardown] 2016/05/17 3:42pm PDTMay 17, 2016 70 2 Years Ago Today Popular Xposed Framework Module GravityBox Updated To Work With Android 5.1 2015/05/17 12:59pm PDTMay 17, 2015 26 3 Years Ago Today gReader Hits Version 3.7, Brings New Themes, Custom Notifications, And More 2014/05/17 6:50pm PDTMay 17, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today Facebook Pages Manager App Updated To 1.4 With Photo Albums, Drafts, And The Mighty Banhammer 2013/05/17 7:21pm PDTMay 17, 2013 255 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Verizon Clarifies] Verizon Will End Unlimited Data Grandfathering If You Buy A 4G Phone From This Summer Onward 2012/05/17 2:58pm PDTMay 17, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Vodafail: The Story Of The Stolen Xperia Play Shipment In New Zealand Is Fake, Just A [Tasteless] Marketing Ploy 2011/05/17 9:19pm PDTMay 17, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today Exclusive: Could These Features Be Coming To The Next-Next Generation Of Android Market? [Leaked Rumors] 2010/05/17 8:06pm PDTMay 17, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 104 [Update: Visa confirms, kinda] Android Pay launches seem imminent for Canada and Russia 2017/05/17 9:27am PDTMay 17, 2017 168 [Update: Factory images and OTA files] Android beta registration is back, O Dev Preview 2 rolling out now 2017/05/17 2:44pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 7 Days 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 475 Netflix confirms it is blocking rooted/unlocked devices, app itself is still working (for now) 2017/05/13 3:08pm PDTMay 13, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 30 Days 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 132 queries | 0.424s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google's computer vision will soon be able to automatically remove obstructions in photos Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/05/17 10:37am PDTMay 17, 2017 23 Plus 1 on G+ 86 Share on Facebook 46 Share on Twitter Total Shares155 Google News Google I/O is underway one of the first topics covered was the great strides the company has made in image recognition software. Further improvements in computer vision are enabling Google products to see the attributes behind the picture and break them down into constituent parts. This is powered by machine learning and capable of some incredible image editing feats. In the example used by Google CEO Sundar Pichai on stage during his keynote, we see an image of a girl playing baseball taken from behind a wire fence. Using Google's AI, he then removes the fence in a snap, getting rid of the obstruction and leaving behind only what's important. Before. After. While the example maybe looks a little bit strange at first, this could be a really useful tool for those less technically advanced (like me) wanting to edit photos quickly. The I/O keynote is happening right now if anyone wants to jump in and see what else Google has up its sleeve. Tags computer vision Google image recognition io17 io2017 video subscribe ... Previous Story You will finally be able to type to Assistant instead of talking to it ... Next Story [Update: Now on App Store] Google Assistant is coming to iOS Trending 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Suicide_Note If it works as great in real life as it does in a staged demo, then this will be really cool. Nigel Antonio Google Goggles eh? thevigilante That's Google Vision Stakoman FUCK YEAAA Rod That's very impressive. JC Excitement will be reserved for an actual demo. -Matoro Zeliph- This would be awesome if I can take pictures of animals behind a cage in the zoo and Google photos clears it up. It would be awesome if most zoos didn't have cages. demarcmj Probably not awesome for all the people getting maimed in the zoo though. Patrick Probably not awesome for all of those out of work cages Jasper Makkinje So... dual-lens camera on Pixel 2 confirmed? raazman No, this will work with existing hardware. Marcus Can it remove my brother's ex-girlfriend from my wedding photos? Kostas 💪🎩 Tell yourself she is just a stranger and move on 🦄 whispy_snippet This is kinda like Photoshop's content aware feature... but for the masses. Incredible. JG On a related note... Wasn't Google (or some other company?) working on a means to remove reflections from images (like pictures taken behind a tour bus window)? I think they (or someone) was working on it a few years back. Don't seem to recall hearing anything beyond the "Hey this is what we're doing" announcement. Follow Android Police 1.49M 469k 144k 115k Latest Deals 1 [Deal Alert] Celebrate the start of Google I/O with 9 temporarily free and 10 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/17 9:09am PDTMay 17, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $50 off the new HTC U11 with promo code 2017/05/17 3:40am PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 10 [Deal Alert] Get 20% off electronics on eBay with promo code 2017/05/16 4:18pm PDTMay 16, 2017 1 [Deal Alert] 23k gold-plated LG Watch Urbane Luxe is just $150 at B&H ($150+ off) 2017/05/15 9:01pm PDTMay 15, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. (36%, 6,172 Votes) No. (32%, 5,449 Votes) I used to, but no longer. (18%, 3,022 Votes) Yes, a plastic one. (14%, 2,325 Votes) Total Voters: 16,968  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 69 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 274 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 92 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 311 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 18 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 24 7 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/2/17 - 5/8/17) 2017/05/08 12:30pm PDTMay 8, 2017 9 21 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/26/17 - 5/2/17) 2017/05/02 5:43pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 YouTube mobile streaming is open to all, no longer has a subscriber requirement 2017/05/17 5:46pm PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Hands-on] Futurama Worlds of Tomorrow, a clone of a clone 2017/05/17 4:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 25 Any developer can now make Instant Apps for Android 2017/05/17 2:37pm PDTMay 17, 2017 20 The Google Home app now features customizable user-defined shortcuts for Assistant 2017/05/17 2:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 0 Google's education app Expeditions is getting a new AR mode 2017/05/17 1:17pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Blast from the Past 28 1 Year Ago Today Google Cast v1.15 Reveals A New Firmware Preview Program And Some Possible New Hardware Categories [APK Teardown] 2016/05/17 3:42pm PDTMay 17, 2016 70 2 Years Ago Today Popular Xposed Framework Module GravityBox Updated To Work With Android 5.1 2015/05/17 12:59pm PDTMay 17, 2015 26 3 Years Ago Today gReader Hits Version 3.7, Brings New Themes, Custom Notifications, And More 2014/05/17 6:50pm PDTMay 17, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today Facebook Pages Manager App Updated To 1.4 With Photo Albums, Drafts, And The Mighty Banhammer 2013/05/17 7:21pm PDTMay 17, 2013 255 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Verizon Clarifies] Verizon Will End Unlimited Data Grandfathering If You Buy A 4G Phone From This Summer Onward 2012/05/17 2:58pm PDTMay 17, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Vodafail: The Story Of The Stolen Xperia Play Shipment In New Zealand Is Fake, Just A [Tasteless] Marketing Ploy 2011/05/17 9:19pm PDTMay 17, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today Exclusive: Could These Features Be Coming To The Next-Next Generation Of Android Market? [Leaked Rumors] 2010/05/17 8:06pm PDTMay 17, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 104 [Update: Visa confirms, kinda] Android Pay launches seem imminent for Canada and Russia 2017/05/17 9:27am PDTMay 17, 2017 168 [Update: Factory images and OTA files] Android beta registration is back, O Dev Preview 2 rolling out now 2017/05/17 2:44pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 7 Days 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 475 Netflix confirms it is blocking rooted/unlocked devices, app itself is still working (for now) 2017/05/13 3:08pm PDTMay 13, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 30 Days 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 111 queries | 0.386s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर�?स�?टपोस�?ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Biztech Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firspost Shareworthy MP farmer gets Rs 2000 notes sans Mahatma Gandhi image BJP lauds PM Narendra Modi on Twitter, claims Dawood's properties seized after diplomatic masterstroke Before UP Elections 2017, films to catch up on, from Omkara to Masaan: Throwback Thursday Guru Gobind Singh's 350th birth anniversary: Narendra Modi to attend Prakash Parv in Patna Renowned sitar player Abdul Halim Jaffer Khan passed away at 88 more from #Google Google I/O 2017: Google Photos update makes sharing easier, offers physical photo books Google I/O 2017: Google announces Android has 2 billion active monthly users Google I/O 2017: Google Assistant comes to iPhone, shows Siri how it’s done Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Google I/O 2017: Google Photos update makes sharing easier, offers physical photo books By tech2 News Staff /  18 May 2017 , 10:11 #Google At the first and exciting day of Google I/O 2017, we heard that Google Photos is becoming one of the largest platforms. It has hit a big milestone and is now being used by about 500 million users every month. To mark the achievement, Google announced a new update for Photos which includes a bunch of new features. One of them is a social feature called Suggested Sharing. This is step ahead of Google’s facial recognition mechanisms that have been around for a while. The app can now suggest which photo(s) you should share with your friends and family. The feature is similar to the one on Facebook’s standalone private sharing app, Moments. The Photos app will be able to identify the contacts that are in your photos and will then prompt you to share your photos with them. This notification also pops up shortly after you take a photo and once you respond, it automatically shares the photo with the people that it has identified. In case they don’t have the Google Photos app, it can send an SMS notification. To make this a bit more easy, the ‘Shared Libraries’ feature will let users automatically share all or a certain selection of photos with specified people. So now you finally say goodbye to those pesky requests for those pictures you took at the last party. Once you turn this setting on, it will automatically share photos with the designated contacts. If you don’t want to share all of your pictures, you can choose to turn on a feature which will only share photos containing a particular contact. Lastly, Google want’s you to print your photos. The Photos app will now suggest some of your best shots and offer you to get them printed as a photo books. Google announced that it will offer a 7-inch softcover or a 9-inch hardcover book each of which can have about 40 photos selected by the app. The softcover will cost $9.99 (Rs 650 approx) and the hardcover will cost $19.99 (Rs 1,300 approx). By default it will come with 20 pages and each additional page will cost an extra $0.35 (Rs 23 approx) for softcover books, and $0.65 (Rs 43 approx) on hardcover books. The new Google Photos update will roll-out to Android as well as iOS devices. Publish date: May 18, 2017 10:11 am| Modified date: May 18, 2017 10:25 am Tags: Google, Google I/O, Google I/O 2017, Google+ photos, Google+ photos update, photos, Shared libraries, Suggested Sharing Also read Google I/O 2017: Our focus has now shifted from a mobile first approach to an AI first one, Sundar Pichai Google I/O 2017: Google announces Android has 2 billion active monthly users X Recommended For You Google I/O 2017: Google announces Android has 2 billion active monthly users Google I/O 2017: Google Assistant comes to iPhone, shows Siri how it’s done Google I/O 2017: Android Go is Google’s second attempt at Android One Google I/O 2017: Android O brings notifications dots, machine learning and other handy features Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #WhatsApp May 18, 2017 Court accepts double blue ticks on WhatsApp as proof of receipt of legal notice #Zomato May 18, 2017 Zomato suffers an internal security breach, 17 million user details stolen #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #WannaCry May 18, 2017 Computers in the Andhra Pradesh Secretariat infected by the WannaCry Ransomware #WannaCry May 18, 2017 SBI clarifies that all its ATMs are functional and not affected by the WannaCry ransomware #WannaCry May 18, 2017 Chinese state media says US should take some blame for the WannaCry ransomware attack SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Android Now Has 2 Billion Monthly Active Users By Tyler Lee on 05/17/2017 21:31 PDT When it comes to smartphone operating systems, it’s hard to deny that Android is currently the king of the hill and their closest competitor would be Apple’s iOS, but even then the market share difference is still pretty huge. So exactly how big is Android? Try 2 billion monthly active users. This is according to a recent tweet by the official Google account in which the company announced the figures. Google’s CEO Sundar Pichai also noted that quite a few of its services have also hit the 1 billion mark, such as Google Maps, YouTube, Chrome, Gmail, Search, and Google Play, with 82 billion apps having been downloaded in 2016, and 1 billion hours of YouTube being watched on a daily Thanks to developers and our partners around the world, there are now more than 2 billion monthly active Android devices. #io17 pic.twitter.com/tMH6aHsAIP — Google (@Google) May 17, 2017 Other services that are slowly catching up include Google Drive which boasts 800 million users, Google Photos at 500 million users, and Google Assistant has managed to find its way onto 100 million devices across 70 different models. We’re not sure how Apple’s iOS platform compares, but as The Verge points out, it was 1.5 years ago that Apple announced that there were over 1 billion iOS devices in use, but exactly what those figures are now isn’t clear as Apple has yet to update us on that. Filed in Cellphones. Read more about Android, Google, google i/o 2017 and google io. Related Articles 2017-05-17 Android O Will Be Getting New Emojis 2017-05-17 Android’s Instant Apps Now Available To All Developers 2017-05-17 Notification Dots Will Be Coming To Android O 2017-05-17 ‘Android Go’ Is A Lightweight Version Of Android For Low-End Devices 2017-05-17 Google Play Protect Will Help Make Android Devices More Secure 2017-05-12 Google I/O 2017: What to Expect Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Posting in an EPYC thread: AMD renames Xeon-bashing Naples HGST paints go-faster stripes on Ultrastar flash drive range Flash funds: Micron to rain cash on Excelero – sources Coming Xeon 'scalable' family will run SAP HANA '1.6 times faster' You think your day was bad? OS X malware hackers just swiped a Mac dev's app source Sick of Java and C++? Google pours a cup o' Kotlin for Android devs SAP puts its heads in multiple clouds Behold, auto-completing Android bug reports – because you're not very thorough Bloke charged under UK terror law for refusing to cough up passwords Azure users told they're not WannaCrypt-proof HP Inc wireless mouse can be spoofed Gotcha, Tatcha! Thieves hide in servers to hoover up victims' bank card numbers mid-order Partners? With them? No way, says HPE of Nutanix How do ransomware scum decide what to charge you? The Big Mac index Intel gives Xeon a makeover to bring us colour-coded clouds Are you ready to transform? Management's agile, digital (insert buzzword here) strategy ossifying? Blame the Red Queen Realm opens up to Windows apps Sencha packages web UI widgets for enterprise React devs Wave of DevOps, Containers, CD expertise heads for London Policy The Channel Chelsea Manning leaves prison, heads straight for booze and pizza Cisco to fire another 1,100 after sixth straight revenue fall Australian privacy commissioner flags new data mining rules for government agencies nbn™ needs copper to build FTTN: another 15,000 km of it We're calling it now: FCC votes 2-1 to rip up net neutrality on Thurs Why being late isn't fatal for Samsung Pay Samsung Galaxy S8+: Seriously. What were they thinking? HTC's 2017 flagship U11 woos audiophiles and bundles Alexa Geek's Guide Nukes tests caused space weather, say NASA boffins Vigorous tiny vibrations help our universe swell, say particle boffins NASA nixes Trump's moonshot plan Japanese researchers spin up toilet paper gyroscopes for science Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Like a celeb going bonkers with botox, Google injects 'AI' into anything it can 'The last thing I want is a software dev taking control of my craft' Britain shouldn't turn its back on EU drone regs, warns aerospace boffin Flying robots are great... until they meet flying humans, anyway Verity Stob Leeds cops issue appeal for man-sized todger Train station's giant screens showed web smut at peak hour MP3 'died' and nobody noticed: Patents expire on golden oldie tech Blighty bloke: PC World lost my Mac Mini – and trolled my blog! 25 Business Policy US court decision will destroy the internet, roar Google, Facebook et al Effort to redraw online copyright rules receives furious response No more superhighway? Google et al unhappy about possible shift in liability 17 May 2017 at 18:56, Kieren McCarthy Internet giants Google, Facebook and a wide range of organizations from Pinterest to Kickstarter to Wikimedia have responded furiously to a recent decision by the US Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that could have huge liability implications for online companies. "This has already created tremendous uncertainty in the online community," an amicus brief [PDF] to the case filed this week reads, arguing that it may "compel some providers to scale back or abandon beneficial efforts to prevent illegal or offensive content from being posted." It wants the Ninth Circuit to rehear the case en banc, meaning that 11 judges rather than just three will go over it a second time. Referring to the "safe harbor" provision of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) – which means internet companies are not liable for what their users post online using their services so long as they respond to takedown requests from copyright holders – Google, Facebook et al argue: "Never before had such prescreening activities been invoked as a possible basis for categorically evicting a provider from the safe harbor." And they claim that ruling poses a "considerable threat ... to the stability of the DMCA regime and to the quality of content on the Internet." The case As we reported earlier this month, the San Francisco-based court sided with celebrity photographer Mavrix in its case against LiveJournal and effectively ruled that since one of LiveJournal's websites actively screened content, it could be held liable for infringing copyright on obviously protected photographs. The "Oh no, they didn't!" news site receives user-submitted content but it is only posted after active approval by moderators (most of whom are unpaid) working to set guidelines. Mavrix says that on numerous occasions its photos – complete with visible watermarks – appeared on the site and it argued, seemingly successfully, that the site knew they were infringing copyright but were using the "safe harbor" protection under the DMCA to turn a blind eye. While internet companies rightly attribute the safe harbor provision as a critical factor in their success thanks to the fact they didn't have to constantly track and worry about user-generated content, the reality is that the Ninth Circuit has recognized that the approach may be out of date. The ease with which billions of internet users can post content online has turned the DMCA takedown approach into somewhat of a joke. Google receives roughly three million such requests every day – and the situation is only getting worse. Due to the impossible task of tracking their copyrighted works across the internet, some companies have resorted to automated software that throws out hundreds of thousands of variations of web addresses once a single copy of one piece of work has been located. A mess Google recently estimated that 99.95 per cent of the requests it receives don't correlate to an actual URL – they are automated efforts to pre-emptively prevent copyright infringement. Google, rightly, views this as abuse of the system; copyright holders don't feel they have any better options; everyone hates it. The Ninth Circuit's approach – which it has referred back down to the lower court – is to try to introduce some additional factors into the equation that would force companies to consider whether material on their site is infringing copyright, rather than simply letting users post and deal with infringement only when contacted by copyright holders. It asked the lower court to look at whether the LiveJournal site's moderators "acted as agents" of LiveJournal, and asks it to consider: Did it have "actual knowledge" that the pictures were infringing copyright? Or, did it have "red flag knowledge," meaning that it would have been obvious to a "reasonable person" that the pictures infringed copyright – and this is where the watermark will be a critical component. This has the potential to cause a huge shift in approach and liability by internet companies – and they are not happy about it. Leave it! Aside from warning that the ruling could cause companies to simply abandon any efforts to screen content and open the flood doors to illegal content, Facebook, Google and pals argue that the Ninth Circuit has no business even considering the issue of screening content, since it is not included in the text of the DMCA. "Whether the service provider screened such content for relevance, legality, or some other criteria prior to its being posted is irrelevant," the amicus brief argues. "Under the plain text of the statute, material submitted for posting by a user is still stored 'at the direction of' that user even when it goes through some review process before becoming accessible to the public." Legally, the companies have a point here, but common sense dictates this is an unrealistic argument: you can simply pretend that moderation and content screening have no impact, but it plainly does. The court noted that many companies already screen things like pornography to provide a better service, implying that the technical ability and systems are in place. This was also not appreciated by the internet giants, who complain that there was little explanation or definition given and that "without further explanation, the panel kicked the case to the 'fact finder' to determine 'whether the moderators' acts were merely accessibility-enhancing activities or whether instead their extensive, manual, and substantive activities went beyond the automatic and limited manual activities we have approved as accessibility-enhancing'." This approach "departs from the text of the statute" and "fails to offer any meaningful guidance to courts or service providers about how to ensure that their content-review efforts remain on the right side of the panel's hazy new line," complains the brief. Irrelevant your honor It also argues that the screening of content is not included in the relevant part of the DMCA dealing with safe harbor – another legally solid argument but one that is splitting hairs. Likewise the contention that the Ninth Circuit has no right to distinguish between "submitting" and "posting" content – because those words do not appear in the Act. It is only on solid commonsense ground when it argues that Congress specifically decided with the DMCA that it did not want service providers to monitor user uploads for copyright-infringing content because it wanted the focus to be on things like pornography, violence and spam. Again, however, we return to the fact that times have changed and that the technology may already be there to start clamping down on infringing content. Besides, any change is not just bad for companies like Google and Facebook, they argue, it could also "degrade the quality of online services," harm users "who want to create and consume high-quality content" and even, apparently, "undermine the interests of copyright owners by thwarting efforts that providers might otherwise make to try to identify and block infringing material that users submit for posting." Yeah, we're not sure what that means, either. The brief concludes: "Simply put, the panel's decision threatens to bring about an outcome that would make things worse for everyone who is supposed to benefit from the DMCA. This is not remotely what Congress intended or prescribed. And rehearing should be granted to prevent it." As for the likelihood of the en banc appeal going forward, there are roughly 1,500 requests a year for en banc hearings, 50 of which move forward to votes and 15-25 of which are actually heard. Given the potential impact of the decision and the size and profile of the applicants in the case, this may be one of the very few that get reheard. ® Tips and corrections 25 Comments MORE Google Facebook Copyright Sign up to our Newsletter Get IT in your inbox daily Subscribe More from The Register US judges say you can Google Google, but you can't google Google The Chocolate Factory is spared the aspirin treatment by the 9th District Court 58 Comments Google's PHP API client has XSS vulnerability Patch promised Google opens patent pool for Android Protects against trolls maybe. But not Google Google launches root certificate authority Cutting out the middle man 25 Comments Google serves Espresso link-ups for Cloud Chocolate Factory's SDN aims for better connections to hosted machines Open source Elastic analytics snaps into Google's Cloud Platform "Openness a driving force" says Google Whitepapers Mobile App Security Program Management Handbook Whether you are starting from square one with a mobile app security initiative, have ad-hoc tasks you want to consolidate, or just want to improve an existing program. Hybrid and Public Cloud for Mission-critical Deployment Red Hat is a modern-day success story; it’s open-source software (OSS) model has now penetrated nearly every layer of IT systems that were once proprietary. The Case for Modern Network Security Operations Legacy network security operations must be modernized to improve responsiveness, streamline network security operations, and mitigate IT and business risk. CIO eGuide: Preventing Data Breaches Explaining how Okta Adaptive Multi-factor Authentication provides the security that IT needs, while also providing the simplicity end users want. Most read Samsung Galaxy S8+: Seriously. What were they thinking? MP3 'died' and nobody noticed: Patents expire on golden oldie tech Why Microsoft's Windows game plan makes us WannaCry Chrome on Windows has credential theft bug Robot lands a 737 by hand, on a dare from DARPA Spotlight Drugs, vodka, Volvo: The Scandinavian answer to Britain's future new border UK General Election 2017: How EU law will hit British politicians' Facebook fight It's a question worth asking: Why is the FCC boss being such a jerk? Come celebrate World Hypocrisy Day British government has bought a £200m 5G 'academic wet dream' eBay threatens to block Australians from using offshore sellers Regulate This! Time to subject algorithms to our laws Deeming Facebook a 'publisher' of users' posts won't tackle paedo or terrorist content Sponsored links Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Under the hood Contact us Advertise with us More content Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Alerts Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS 1 399 0 Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Latest Tweets News: VP camps fears politics in impeach try. #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai #dubaipr #mydubai… https://t.co/og4hU84FXH 2 months ago Our Branded Pinoy for the week featuring Zarrah Jane Amagan a.k.a The Bandwagon Chic - The… https://t.co/FDQj1iItPi 2 months ago Breaking News: UAE joins WWF's Earth Hour. ❤ #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai #dubaipr #mydubai… https://t.co/IZvMOgPoyA 2 months ago Breaking News: Hail Storm hit Dubai. Keep safe everyone! 🙏🏻 #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai… https://t.co/Alxk1eU5ww 2 months ago Trouble sleeping in UAE? You are not alone. Read the full article at our latest issue of… https://t.co/m7tBxP57Ri 2 months ago Five-man Spinneys shames CML International May 12, 2017 608 WVL launches women’s volleyball tournament May 12, 2017 927 International community condemns EJKs May 12, 2017 510 May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Most Popular Five-man Spinneys shames CML International WVL launches women’s volleyball tournament International community condemns EJKs Robredo asks SC to junk Marcos motion Rally vs death penalty held in Cebu Estrada to meet with Islamic leaders Second Hot Palayok opens in Dubai Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS Most Popular Five-man Spinneys shames CML International WVL launches women’s volleyball tournament International community condemns EJKs Robredo asks SC to junk Marcos motion Rally vs death penalty held in Cebu Estrada to meet with Islamic leaders Second Hot Palayok opens in Dubai Latest News SPORTSFive-man Spinneys shames CML International SPORTSWVL launches women’s volleyball tournament NEWSInternational community condemns EJKs NEWSRobredo asks SC to junk Marcos motion NEWSRally vs death penalty held in Cebu NEWSEstrada to meet with Islamic leaders Local NewsSecond Hot Palayok opens in Dubai Entertainment‘Always JaDine’ conquers Dubai Artists' CircleReunion of sisters Cristy Fer Minute!Ang mali ay mali Google introduces Gboard app to iOS users Ryan Thomas Namia June 1, 2016 2:59 pm TECHNOLOGY 604 0 Google has introduced Gboard App, a new iPhone-specific smart keyboard. The new app, which supports glide typing, lets users search straight from the keyboard, using normal Google search. Once the information is found, user can send it into their application without leaving the keyboard, technewsworld.com reported. No matter what application a user is using, SMS, email, WhatsApp or messenger, the Google logo is always present in the keyboard. “It’s like having a google search in any app, right from the keyboard . . . so we called it a Gboard,” said Google in a video posted in its YouTube account. “Solutions like Google’s Gboard and glide typing are designed to simplify and speed up common tasks. That can be a real boon when you’re under time pressure or are trying to create a complex message on a keyboard of limited size,” Principal Analyst at Pund-IT Charles King was quoted as saying in the same report. Emojis can be searched easily in the search bar. Typing words like “angry,” “pizza,” “cat,” and “car,” user can see all the relevant emoji characters in an instant. In addition, the application can be customized depending to the user’s liking. The user has the option to unable the glide typing, toggle things like auto-correction, auto-capitalization, enable caps lock, among others. Right now, Gboard app is only available in the United States and company has yet to announce when it will be available to download elsewhere. Facebook Comments Website Comments Matt Dyer May 16th, 2017 Reply Generally I don’t learn article on blogs, however I wish to say that this write-up very pressured me to try and do it! Your writing taste has been surprised me. Thank you, very nice post. Anthony Rees May 16th, 2017 Reply You really make it seem really easy with your presentation however I in finding this topic to be actually one thing which I feel I’d never understand. It kind of feels too complex and very wide for me. I am looking forward on your subsequent post, I will attempt to get the hang of it! Una Walsh May 16th, 2017 Reply Hello there. Just wished to inquire a fast problem. Connor Walsh May 16th, 2017 Reply well! More exciting content and fantastic Yvonne Campbell May 17th, 2017 Reply Please let me know if you’re looking for a article author for your blog. You have some really good posts and I feel I would be a good asset. If you ever want to take some of the load off, I’d absolutely love to write some material for your blog in exchange for a link back to mine. Please shoot me an e-mail if interested. Thanks! Bernadette Hart May 17th, 2017 Reply Rattling clear site, appreciate it for this post. Nathan Kerr May 18th, 2017 Reply You really make it seem so easy with your presentation but I find this topic to be actually something which I think I would never understand. It seems too complicated and very broad for me. I am looking forward for your next post, I will try to get the hang of it! Austin Grant May 18th, 2017 Reply Pretty component of content. I simply stumbled upon your web site and in accession capital to say that I get in fact loved account your blog posts. Any way I will be subscribing to your augment or even I achievement you access consistently fast. POST A COMMENT. Cancel reply WordPress spam blocked by CleanTalk. 1 399 0 Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Latest Tweets News: VP camps fears politics in impeach try. #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai #dubaipr #mydubai… https://t.co/og4hU84FXH 2 months ago Our Branded Pinoy for the week featuring Zarrah Jane Amagan a.k.a The Bandwagon Chic - The… https://t.co/FDQj1iItPi 2 months ago Breaking News: UAE joins WWF's Earth Hour. ❤ #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai #dubaipr #mydubai… https://t.co/IZvMOgPoyA 2 months ago Breaking News: Hail Storm hit Dubai. Keep safe everyone! 🙏🏻 #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai… https://t.co/Alxk1eU5ww 2 months ago Trouble sleeping in UAE? You are not alone. Read the full article at our latest issue of… https://t.co/m7tBxP57Ri 2 months ago Five-man Spinneys shames CML International May 12, 2017 608 WVL launches women’s volleyball tournament May 12, 2017 927 International community condemns EJKs May 12, 2017 510 May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   About Us Careers Contact Us Privacy Policy Stay Connected RSS Feed Mobile Alerts Back to top. NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Technology Google IO 2017 at a glance: From Home speaker, Lens to Android Go, some of the new features seem… familiar Google IO 2017 at a glance: From Home speaker, Lens to Android Go, some of the new features seem… familiar Google announced a lot of new bells and whistles Wednesday - several of which, it turns out, are already offered by rivals such as Amazon, Apple and Facebook. By: Associated Press | New York | Updated: May 18, 2017 10:10 AM Google added features to its internet-connected Home speaker – such as hands-free calling. That echoes Amazon’s Echo speaker, which was released earlier and so has had more time to acquire a wider range of abilities. (Reuters)g Google announced a lot of new bells and whistles Wednesday – several of which, it turns out, are already offered by rivals such as Amazon, Apple and Facebook. At the event, Google showcased a number of ways they are working on to make Android even more useful, including a beta release of Android O and a new initiative to help bring Android to the next billion users. Reaching the next billions of users with a new initiative – Android Go: This is a new configuration of Android — an initiative for entry-level Android devices. The goal of Android Go is to get computing into the hands of more people by creating a great smartphone experience on all Android devices with 1GB or less of memory. These days, it’s not unusual to find tech giants and their plucky startup rivals copying each other’s tools and features – sometimes improving on them and sometimes just playing catch-up. ECHOING THE ECHO Google added features to its internet-connected Home speaker – such as hands-free calling. That echoes Amazon’s Echo speaker, which was released earlier and so has had more time to acquire a wider range of abilities. The new abilities announced Wednesday will also enable the Home speaker to control and interact with a variety of Whirlpool and Jenn-Air appliances later this year. For instance, you can ask the digital assistant within Home to turn on the dishwasher or set the temperature on the oven. This is already available on the Echo and other devices that use its Alexa assistant. YOUR SEEING EYE Google’s new Lens tool is the stuff of science fiction. It lets people point their camera at things to find out more information about them. So if you see a flower, you can point your camera at it to find out its name. (The same, sadly, cannot be said for strangers you meet in a bar yet, unless he or she is a celebrity you didn’t’ recognize.) Samsung is trying some of that with its new Bixby Vision feature on the Galaxy S8 phones. Pinterest has a similar tool too. Also called Lens, it lets people point their cameras at real-world items and find out where to buy them, or find similar things online. Take a selfie, and you’ll get similar hairstyle and makeup ideas (even if you aren’t wearing any makeup). Also Read: Google challenges Apple’s Siri by opening digital assistant to iPhone SLIMMING DOWN Though not a competitor, Google’s slimmed-down phone operating system aimed at cheap Android phones, called Go is reminiscent of Facebook’s own ”skinny” version, called Facebook Lite. Both are aimed at getting more people to use the company’s services, even if they live in developing countries and use cheap, older phones. MEETING SIRI ON HER TURF Google’s digital assistant is hoping to outsmart Siri on Apple’s iPhone. Google is releasing its voice-controlled assistant on a free app designed for iPhone’s operating system – basically competing with Apple’s assistant on her own turf. The move extends the potential reach of Google’s assistant, which debuted last fall on the company’s Pixel phone and an internet-connected speaker called Home. Siri has come as a built-in service on iPhones since 2011; Google’s assistant will require an app download. Both assistants can be summoned with a press of a button to answer questions, manage schedules and handle other routine tasks. Google believes its assistant can get people what they want more quickly because it draws upon the knowledge that the company has accumulated while running the world’s most popular search engine. Siri, though, might have something to say about that. Also Read: Google IO 2017: Search giant unveils latest tech tricks as computers get smarter PHOTO SHARING Google says new tools will encourage sharing of photos that you might have meant to share, but maybe forgot. Google Photos will be able to suggest which photos to share and whom to share them with – for example, if the person is in the photo. The company envisions a world in which amazing photos are no longer left on people’s phones because other pressing things in life got in the way. Facebook has been trying to address this issue as well with its Moments app, which lets people share photos with friends and family privately, without posting them to a wider audience.   No Comments. Don't Miss Reema Lagoo dead - From Shah Rukh Khan, Salman Khan to Madhuri Dixit, here's all you want to know about Bollywood's favourite 'mom' Anil Madhav Dave, public servant, amateur pilot, environmentalist: Know about the minister who passed away Zomato hacked: Database compromised, nearly 17 mn users' credentials stolen; credit card info safe Kulbhushan Jadhav death sentence case ICJ verdict Live Updates: After presenting water-tight case at The Hague, India hopes for justice to be done Google I/O 2017: How Android Go will save memory & mobile data for your budget smartphone Google IO 2017: From Lens to Android Go, 5 cool features that will make your life much easier FMCG battle heats up: HUL plans these products to take on Baba Ramdev's Patanjali Nokia 3310 relaunch: Feature phones are not dead, it's too early to write an obituary Yogi Impact on UP's Real Estate: Homebuyers regaining confidence as developers, authorities swing into action IT job market crash: This advice from Bill Gates will make life easy for aspiring techies Business Gallery Indian Navy’s INS Sharda saves MV Lord Mountbatten crew from pirates in Gulf of Aden; check out photos World’s largest cargo ship ever at 400 meters, ‘MOL Triumph’ docks at England’s Southampton CBSE 10th, 12th Class Results 2017: How to access CBSE result Flipkart sale today: Massive discounts available on Xiaomi redmi Note 4, Google Pixel, Moto G5 Plus, exchange offers on Apple iPhones Choicest pics from the Belt and Road Summit Technology Gallery SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite successfully; here’s a look Meizu M5 smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 10,499; packs 3070mAh battery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know PM Modi’s gift to South Asia: Here’s how Satellite GSLV-F09 was prepared before takeoff Satellite GSLV-F09: India’s ‘invaluable gift’ to South Asian neighbours Hindi News केंद्रीय वन एवं पर्यावरण मंत्री अनिल माधव दवे का दिल का दौरा पड़ने से निधन विधायक अशोक सिंह की हत्या मामले में RJD नेता प्रभुनाथ सिंह दोषी करार, 23 मई को सुनाई जाएगी सजा लालू ने किया सोनिया को फोन- मैडम, 27 को आइए, न आ पाएं तो प्रियंका को भेजिए, हम एक न हुए तो खत्म हो जाएंगे Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai The Future Of Robots And Artificial Intelligence Is Being Led By These 8 Companies Eric Jang International Business Times May 17, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share QuoraMore Q&A site Quora. Photo: Quora This question originally appeared on Quora. Answer by Eric Jang. Firstly, my response contains some bias, because I work at Google Brain and I really like it there. My opinions are my own, and I do not speak for the rest of my colleagues or Alphabet as a whole. I rank “leaders in AI research” among IBM, Google, Facebook, Apple, Baidu, Microsoft as follows: 1. Deepmind I would say Deepmind is probably #1 right now, in terms of AI research. Their publications are highly respected within the research community, and span a myriad of topics such as Deep Reinforcement Learning, Bayesian Neural Nets, Robotics, transfer learning, and others. Being London-based, they recruit heavily from Oxford and Cambridge, which are great ML feeder programs in Europe. They hire an intellectually diverse team to focus on general AI research, including traditional software engineers to build infrastructure and tooling, UX designers to help make research tools, and even ecologists (Drew Purves) to research far-field ideas like the relationship between ecology and intelligence. They are second to none when it comes to PR and capturing the imagination of the public at large, such as with DQN-Atari and the history-making AlphaGo. Whenever a Deepmind paper drops, it shoots up to the top of Reddit’s Machine Learning page and often Hacker News, which is a testament to how well-respected they are within the tech community. 2. Google Before you roll your eyes at me putting two Alphabet companies at the top of this list, I discount this statement by also ranking Facebook and OpenAI on equal terms at #2. Scroll down if you don’t want to hear me gush about Google Brain :) With all due respect to Yann LeCun (he has a pretty good answer), I think he is mistaken about Google Brain’s prominence in the research community. But much of it is focused on applications and product development rather than long-term AI research. This is categorically false, to the max. TensorFlow (the Brain team’s primary product) is just one of many Brain subteams, and is to my knowledge the only one that builds an externally-facing product. When Brain first started, the first research projects were indeed engineering-heavy, but today, Brain has many employees that focus on long-term AI research in every AI subfield imaginable, similar to FAIR and Deepmind. FAIR has 16 accepted publications to the ICLR 2017 conference track (announcement by Yann) with 3 selected for orals (i.e. very distinguished publications). Google Brain actually slightly edged out FB this year at ICLR2017, with 20 accepted papers and 4 selected for orals. This doesn’t count publications from Deepmind or other teams doing research within Google (Search, VR, Photos). Comparing the number of accepted papers is hardly a good metric, but I want to dispel any insinuations by Yann that Brain is not a legitimate place to do Deep Learning research. Google Brain is also the industry research org with the most collaborative flexibility. I don’t think any other research institution in the world, industrial or otherwise, has ongoing collaborations with Berkeley, Stanford, CMU, OpenAI, Deepmind, Google X, and a myriad of product teams within Google. I believe that Brain will soon be regarded as a top tier institution in the near future. I had offers from both Brain and Deepmind, and chose the former because I felt that Brain gave me more flexibility to design my own research projects, collaborate more closely with internal Google teams, and join some really interesting robotics initiatives that I can’t disclose… yet. 2. Facebook FAIR’s papers are good and my impression is that a big focus for them is language-domain problems like question answering, dynamic memory, Turing-test-type stuff. Occasionally there are some statistical-physics-meets-deep-learning papers. Obviously they do computer vision type work as well. I wish I could say more, but I don’t know enough about FAIR besides their reputation is very good. They almost lost the Deep Learning Framework wars with the widespread adoption of TensorFlow, but we’ll see if Pytorch is able to successfully capture back market share. One weakness of FAIR, in my opinion, is that it’s very difficult to have a research role at FAIR without a PhD. A FAIR recruiter told me this last year. Indeed, PhDs tend to be smarter, but I don’t think having a PhD is necessary to bring fresh perspectives and make great contributions to science. 2. OpenAI OpenAI has an all-star list of employees: Ilya Sutskever (all-around Deep Learning master), John Schulman (inventor of TRPO, master of policy gradients), Pieter Abbeel (robot sent from the future to crank out a river of robotics research papers), Andrej Karpathy (Char-RNN, CNNs), Durk Kingma (co-inventor of VAEs) to name a few. Despite being a small group of ~50 people (so I guess not a “Big Player” by headcount or financial resources), they also have a top-notch engineering team and publish top-notch, really thoughtful research tools like Gym and Universe. They’re adding a lot of value to the broader research community by providing software that was once locked up inside big tech companies. This has added a lot of pressure on other groups to start open-sourcing their codes and tools as well. I almost ranked them as #1, on par with Deepmind in terms of top-research talent, but they haven’t really been around long enough for me to confidently assert this. They also haven’t pulled off an achievement comparable to AlphaGo yet, though I can’t overstate how important Gym / Universe are to the research community. As a small non-profit research group building all their infrastructure from scratch, they don’t have nearly as much GPU resources, robots, or software infrastructure as big tech companies. Having lots of compute makes a big difference in research ability and even the ideas one is able to come up with. Startups are hard and we’ll see whether they are able to continue attracting top talent in the coming years. 3. Baidu Baidu SVAIL and Baidu Institute of Deep Learning are excellent places to do research, and they are working on a lot of promising technologies like home assistants, aids for the blind, and self-driving cars. Baidu does have some reputation issues, such as recent scandals with violating ImageNet competition rules, low-quality search results leading to a Chinese student dying of cancer, and being stereotyped by Americans as a somewhat-sketchy Chinese copycat tech company complicit in authoritarian censorship. They are definitely the strongest player in AI in China though. 3. Microsoft Research Before the Deep Learning revolution, Microsoft Research used to be the most prestigious place to go. They hire very experienced faculty with many years of experience, which might explain why they sort of missed out on Deep Learning (the revolution in Deep Learning has largely been driven by PhD students). Unfortunately, almost all deep learning research is done on Linux platforms these days, and their CNTK deep learning framework haven’t gotten as attention as TensorFlow, torch, Chainer, etc. 4. Apple Apple is really struggling to hire deep learning talent, as researchers tend to want to publish and do research, which goes against Apple’s culture as a product company. This typically doesn’t attract those who want to solve general AI or have their work published and acknowledged by the research community. I think Apple’s design roots have a lot of parallels to research, especially when it comes to audacious creativity, but the constraints of shipping an “insanely great” product can be a hindrance to long-term basic science. 10. IBM I know a former IBM employee who worked on Watson and describes IBM’s “cognitive computing efforts” as a total disaster, driven from management that has no idea what ML can or cannot do but sell the buzzword anyway. Watson uses Deep Learning for image understanding, but as I understand it the rest of the information retrieval system doesn’t really leverage modern advances in Deep Learning. Basically there is a huge secondary market for startups to capture applied ML opportunities whenever IBM fumbles and drops the ball. No offense to IBM researchers; you’re far better scientists than I ever will be. My gripe is that the corporate culture at IBM is not conducive to leading AI research. Remark To be honest, all the above companies (maybe with the exception of IBM) are great places to do Deep Learning research, and given open source software + how prolific the entire field is nowadays, I don’t think any one tech firm “leads AI research” by a substantial margin. There are some places like Salesforce / Metamind, Amazon, that I heard are quite good but I don’t know enough about to rank them. My advice for a prospective Deep Learning researcher is to find a team / project that you’re interested in, ignore what others say regarding reputation, and focus on doing your best work so that your organization becomes regarded as a leader in AI research :) Related Articles The Future Of Robots, Artificial Intelligence And Computer Science AI Will Turn Against Us, Says John McAfee Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community What is the 25th Amendment, and could it be used to remove Trump? 4441 reactions4%62%34% Nat Geo marks Endangered Species Day displaying stunning Photo Ark images 38 reactions1%78%21% Jimmy Fallon Regrets His Donald Trump Interview: ‘I Didn’t Think That Would Be a Compliment’ 2898 reactions6%58%36% Jennifer Lawrence Laughs Off Stripper Pole Video: ‘I’m Not Going to Apologize, I Had a Blast’ 683 reactions8%75%17% Trump, LGBT, Lavrov and more — it happened today: May 17 in pictures 47 reactions3%61%36% Trump's White House wracked with contention Tibetan Buddhist Center Finds Home in Philadelphia 12 reactions6%61%33% The Comey memo was also about Trump’s request to arrest reporters. Journalists call it ‘crazy and scary.’ 6853 reactions4%67%29% This math question meant for 7-year-olds has everyone stumped 93 reactions3%81%16% A Teen Snapped This Pic Of Her Dad To Send To His Crush, And It Worked 160 reactions12%73%15% Democracy’s darkest moment: the Watergate scandal 72 reactions3%71%26% DOJ appoints special counsel to oversee WH Russia probe Lawrence PSA to Trump WH Staff: 'Lawyer up' 66 reactions3%67%30% 'Wolf of Wall Street' Living the High Life Again Despite Owing $100 Million to Scam Victims 181 reactions4%71%25% LaVar Ball tells FS1 host to 'stay in [her] lane' during testy interview 3140 reactions5%61%34% Could Breast Milk Be the Next Cancer Treatment? 850 reactions6%74%20% There is no chance that Donald Trump will be impeached Graham: If we have learned anything from pundits and editorials both left and right is to take their predictions with a grain of salt. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.3k
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google announces Google Lens, what Google Goggles always should have been Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/17 10:32am PDTMay 17, 2017 57 Plus 1 on G+ 200 Share on Facebook 49 Share on Twitter Total Shares306 Applications Google News Google Goggles has been basically dead since 2014. It had no updates for three years, and what little utility it brought was quickly replaced by other services, or merged into existing apps. Well, now Google has disclosed a worthy successor to the idea in the form of Google Lens. Just announced at I/O, the new system will provide contextual information about things visually, like flowers you take pictures of, or text you point your phone at. This is huge. I loved Google Googles back when it was released in 2012, but I was sad to see it waste away without updates or added features. The new tool is basically a Camera for the Google Assistant that can pull whatever relevant information applies to a given context you apply it to. For instance, Google showed off entering login info from the bottom router just via your camera. That's going to save every visitor to Grandma's a ton of time, as it can automatically enter that information. You can also check out info on local business info via knowledge graph, pull contact info from business cards, translate text from other languages, pull event information, the applications are basically endless. Most of this stuff already existed, but now it's all in one place, and interacting with other Google services for easy data entry. This will all be a part of the Assistant in the future, so nothing extra needed to take advantage of this when it hits. I can't wait to give it a try. Source: Google Tags conextual information context google goggles google lens io17 io2017 visual recognition subscribe ... Previous Story Google's speech recognition error rate is now under 5% ... Next Story You will finally be able to type to Assistant instead of talking to it Trending 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ But can it read QR codes? Marcel Mayer maybe DavidW me too Borgman Cool to scan movie posters/covers and get info. thevigilante Bixby got BTFO'd again. disqusdeeznuts I don't see an app link and the comment "This will be part of assistant in the future" means Samsung probably has a while with Bixby before/if/when this becomes reality. Raimu I wish Assistant was generally useful enough to warrant using it. I am really enthused to hear they're redoing Goggles, but not terribly happy to hear it's gonna be bolted-on functionality for the otherwise dismal Assistant. TannoV I don't see what's so bad about Assistant. I've been happily using it for a while now. It even works with my thick Dutch accent. Corey Kinard Still can't do things normal voice commands and NoT could do easily. Still. Still can't ID music. Still can't start podcasts. Contextual awareness of on screen items is far behind NoT... Half baked. Roy Yep, and it goes on - one of the things I used google now on tap most for was the awesome ability it had to copy and paste text from the screen - even when you just pointed your camera at the text. Since Assistant rolled out... that's totally gone. Nick Coad That's the point, if they continue to bolt-on more functionality it won't be so dismal. They intended from the start to deliver it as a progressively more and more feature packed assistant. Jalal I cannot wait for this. SB will it identify poisonous mushrooms in the forest? disqusdeeznuts Will it feed this guy poisonous mushrooms? :) Only kidding, I wish you know harm. On a roll here... Famj Jensen " I wish you know harm" If you only understood what you just said. lol Daniel Either he didn't know what he just said, or he just said that you should know what harm is and the only way to do that is to experience it. Oh my gosh, we are getting inception-level deep here ladies and gents! Or ya know, he didn't understand what he just said. disqusdeeznuts If you only understood what I just said Exalm Finally I'll be able to scan QR codes with Assistant, like I could with Now on Tap! Cory S And Google Now...before they removed the feature for no reason, until they remove it again for...no reason. Kwetsima Maluleke Bixby Vision Benjamin Walburn Bixby has nothing on Google's image recognition. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/040c4a44c4b0beb2178b87ba86760db6ada66646854bcf8a8f81cb01660acaa1.png New_Guy And down goes Bixby..... tim242 They both suck. Don't be a silly sheep. Roy Go to pasture. whispy_snippet Bixby DOA. spovat can it distinguish between hot dogs and not hot dogs? thespacecowboy You just know someone is going to build an app IRL now that only does that. NeverrKnowsBest Already exists. Not on Android, but it does exist. https://itunes.apple.com/app/not-hotdog/id1212457521 Kas Kata when is it being released? Daniel Google said later in the year, so I'm assuming Fall; cuz if it's winter they could've just said end of the year. Zach Mauch I really want to see things here that should have been part of Android/camera already. Specifically recognizing bar codes and QR codes. Secondly, I would really like it to recognize products at the store to do price comparisons like Amazon's app does. Follow Android Police 1.49M 469k 144k 115k Latest Deals 1 [Deal Alert] Celebrate the start of Google I/O with 9 temporarily free and 10 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/17 9:09am PDTMay 17, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $50 off the new HTC U11 with promo code 2017/05/17 3:40am PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 10 [Deal Alert] Get 20% off electronics on eBay with promo code 2017/05/16 4:18pm PDTMay 16, 2017 1 [Deal Alert] 23k gold-plated LG Watch Urbane Luxe is just $150 at B&H ($150+ off) 2017/05/15 9:01pm PDTMay 15, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 69 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 274 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 92 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 311 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 18 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 24 7 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/2/17 - 5/8/17) 2017/05/08 12:30pm PDTMay 8, 2017 9 21 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/26/17 - 5/2/17) 2017/05/02 5:43pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 YouTube mobile streaming is open to all, no longer has a subscriber requirement 2017/05/17 5:46pm PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Hands-on] Futurama Worlds of Tomorrow, a clone of a clone 2017/05/17 4:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 25 Any developer can now make Instant Apps for Android 2017/05/17 2:37pm PDTMay 17, 2017 20 The Google Home app now features customizable user-defined shortcuts for Assistant 2017/05/17 2:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 0 Google's education app Expeditions is getting a new AR mode 2017/05/17 1:17pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Blast from the Past 28 1 Year Ago Today Google Cast v1.15 Reveals A New Firmware Preview Program And Some Possible New Hardware Categories [APK Teardown] 2016/05/17 3:42pm PDTMay 17, 2016 70 2 Years Ago Today Popular Xposed Framework Module GravityBox Updated To Work With Android 5.1 2015/05/17 12:59pm PDTMay 17, 2015 26 3 Years Ago Today gReader Hits Version 3.7, Brings New Themes, Custom Notifications, And More 2014/05/17 6:50pm PDTMay 17, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today Facebook Pages Manager App Updated To 1.4 With Photo Albums, Drafts, And The Mighty Banhammer 2013/05/17 7:21pm PDTMay 17, 2013 255 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Verizon Clarifies] Verizon Will End Unlimited Data Grandfathering If You Buy A 4G Phone From This Summer Onward 2012/05/17 2:58pm PDTMay 17, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Vodafail: The Story Of The Stolen Xperia Play Shipment In New Zealand Is Fake, Just A [Tasteless] Marketing Ploy 2011/05/17 9:19pm PDTMay 17, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today Exclusive: Could These Features Be Coming To The Next-Next Generation Of Android Market? [Leaked Rumors] 2010/05/17 8:06pm PDTMay 17, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 104 [Update: Visa confirms, kinda] Android Pay launches seem imminent for Canada and Russia 2017/05/17 9:27am PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Amazon announces new $50 Fire 7 and $80 Fire HD 8 tablets, with kids models for both 2017/05/17 7:48am PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 7 Days 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 475 Netflix confirms it is blocking rooted/unlocked devices, app itself is still working (for now) 2017/05/13 3:08pm PDTMay 13, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 30 Days 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 110 queries | 0.480s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google's computer vision will soon be able to automatically remove obstructions in photos Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/05/17 10:37am PDTMay 17, 2017 23 Plus 1 on G+ 86 Share on Facebook 46 Share on Twitter Total Shares155 Google News Google I/O is underway one of the first topics covered was the great strides the company has made in image recognition software. Further improvements in computer vision are enabling Google products to see the attributes behind the picture and break them down into constituent parts. This is powered by machine learning and capable of some incredible image editing feats. In the example used by Google CEO Sundar Pichai on stage during his keynote, we see an image of a girl playing baseball taken from behind a wire fence. Using Google's AI, he then removes the fence in a snap, getting rid of the obstruction and leaving behind only what's important. Before. After. While the example maybe looks a little bit strange at first, this could be a really useful tool for those less technically advanced (like me) wanting to edit photos quickly. The I/O keynote is happening right now if anyone wants to jump in and see what else Google has up its sleeve. Tags computer vision Google image recognition io17 io2017 video subscribe ... Previous Story You will finally be able to type to Assistant instead of talking to it ... Next Story [Update: Now on App Store] Google Assistant is coming to iOS Trending 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Suicide_Note If it works as great in real life as it does in a staged demo, then this will be really cool. Nigel Antonio Google Goggles eh? thevigilante That's Google Vision Stakoman FUCK YEAAA Rod That's very impressive. JC Excitement will be reserved for an actual demo. -Matoro Zeliph- This would be awesome if I can take pictures of animals behind a cage in the zoo and Google photos clears it up. It would be awesome if most zoos didn't have cages. demarcmj Probably not awesome for all the people getting maimed in the zoo though. Patrick Probably not awesome for all of those out of work cages Jasper Makkinje So... dual-lens camera on Pixel 2 confirmed? raazman No, this will work with existing hardware. Marcus Can it remove my brother's ex-girlfriend from my wedding photos? Kostas 💪🎩 Tell yourself she is just a stranger and move on 🦄 whispy_snippet This is kinda like Photoshop's content aware feature... but for the masses. Incredible. JG On a related note... Wasn't Google (or some other company?) working on a means to remove reflections from images (like pictures taken behind a tour bus window)? I think they (or someone) was working on it a few years back. Don't seem to recall hearing anything beyond the "Hey this is what we're doing" announcement. Follow Android Police 1.49M 469k 144k 115k Latest Deals 1 [Deal Alert] Celebrate the start of Google I/O with 9 temporarily free and 10 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/17 9:09am PDTMay 17, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $50 off the new HTC U11 with promo code 2017/05/17 3:40am PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 10 [Deal Alert] Get 20% off electronics on eBay with promo code 2017/05/16 4:18pm PDTMay 16, 2017 1 [Deal Alert] 23k gold-plated LG Watch Urbane Luxe is just $150 at B&H ($150+ off) 2017/05/15 9:01pm PDTMay 15, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. (36%, 6,172 Votes) No. (32%, 5,449 Votes) I used to, but no longer. (18%, 3,022 Votes) Yes, a plastic one. (14%, 2,325 Votes) Total Voters: 16,968  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 69 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 274 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 92 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 311 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 18 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 24 7 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/2/17 - 5/8/17) 2017/05/08 12:30pm PDTMay 8, 2017 9 21 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/26/17 - 5/2/17) 2017/05/02 5:43pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 YouTube mobile streaming is open to all, no longer has a subscriber requirement 2017/05/17 5:46pm PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Hands-on] Futurama Worlds of Tomorrow, a clone of a clone 2017/05/17 4:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 25 Any developer can now make Instant Apps for Android 2017/05/17 2:37pm PDTMay 17, 2017 20 The Google Home app now features customizable user-defined shortcuts for Assistant 2017/05/17 2:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 0 Google's education app Expeditions is getting a new AR mode 2017/05/17 1:17pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Blast from the Past 28 1 Year Ago Today Google Cast v1.15 Reveals A New Firmware Preview Program And Some Possible New Hardware Categories [APK Teardown] 2016/05/17 3:42pm PDTMay 17, 2016 70 2 Years Ago Today Popular Xposed Framework Module GravityBox Updated To Work With Android 5.1 2015/05/17 12:59pm PDTMay 17, 2015 26 3 Years Ago Today gReader Hits Version 3.7, Brings New Themes, Custom Notifications, And More 2014/05/17 6:50pm PDTMay 17, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today Facebook Pages Manager App Updated To 1.4 With Photo Albums, Drafts, And The Mighty Banhammer 2013/05/17 7:21pm PDTMay 17, 2013 255 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Verizon Clarifies] Verizon Will End Unlimited Data Grandfathering If You Buy A 4G Phone From This Summer Onward 2012/05/17 2:58pm PDTMay 17, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Vodafail: The Story Of The Stolen Xperia Play Shipment In New Zealand Is Fake, Just A [Tasteless] Marketing Ploy 2011/05/17 9:19pm PDTMay 17, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today Exclusive: Could These Features Be Coming To The Next-Next Generation Of Android Market? [Leaked Rumors] 2010/05/17 8:06pm PDTMay 17, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 104 [Update: Visa confirms, kinda] Android Pay launches seem imminent for Canada and Russia 2017/05/17 9:27am PDTMay 17, 2017 168 [Update: Factory images and OTA files] Android beta registration is back, O Dev Preview 2 rolling out now 2017/05/17 2:44pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 7 Days 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 475 Netflix confirms it is blocking rooted/unlocked devices, app itself is still working (for now) 2017/05/13 3:08pm PDTMay 13, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 30 Days 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 111 queries | 0.386s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर�?स�?टपोस�?ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Biztech Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firspost Shareworthy MP farmer gets Rs 2000 notes sans Mahatma Gandhi image BJP lauds PM Narendra Modi on Twitter, claims Dawood's properties seized after diplomatic masterstroke Before UP Elections 2017, films to catch up on, from Omkara to Masaan: Throwback Thursday Guru Gobind Singh's 350th birth anniversary: Narendra Modi to attend Prakash Parv in Patna Renowned sitar player Abdul Halim Jaffer Khan passed away at 88 more from #Google Google I/O 2017: Google Photos update makes sharing easier, offers physical photo books Google I/O 2017: Google announces Android has 2 billion active monthly users Google I/O 2017: Google Assistant comes to iPhone, shows Siri how it’s done Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Google I/O 2017: Google announces Android has 2 billion active monthly users By IANS /  18 May 2017 , 09:18 #Google Google’s Android operating system has reached a milestone by powering 2 billion monthly active devices around the world, the company said. Google’s vice president of engineering Dave Burke that Android has “the largest reach of any computing platform of its kind”, Xinhua reported on Thursday. Based on the Linux kernel and designed primarily for touchscreen mobile devices, Android was first unveiled in 2007. It is now the operating system, namely the software platform that manages hardware and software , including applications, or apps, for more than 80 per cent of the world’s smartphones. With its latest version released in August 2016, Android has been claimed by Google officials to be “across all screens:” watches, cars, television sets, Internet of Things (IoTs) and chromebooks, a class of low-coast laptop computers comprising nearly 60 per cent of laptops sold to K-12 schools in the US. Promising to make Android “even more useful,” Burke announced a beta release of the operation system’s newest version, Android O. Its formal release is scheduled for “later this year.” Google also said its voice-powered digital assistant, known as Google Assistant, is available on Apple’s iPhones starting immediately, in addition to its availability on more than 100 million devices. Publish date: May 18, 2017 9:18 am| Modified date: May 18, 2017 9:25 am Tags: Android, Apple, Chromebook, Dave Burke, Google, Google I/O 2017, IoT, iPhone, Linux Also read Google I/O 2017: Our focus has now shifted from a mobile first approach to an AI first one, Sundar Pichai Google I/O 2017: Google Assistant comes to iPhone, shows Siri how it’s done X Recommended For You Google I/O 2017: Google Photos update makes sharing easier, offers physical photo books Google I/O 2017: Google Assistant comes to iPhone, shows Siri how it’s done Google I/O 2017: Android Go is Google’s second attempt at Android One Google I/O 2017: Android O brings notifications dots, machine learning and other handy features Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #WhatsApp May 18, 2017 Court accepts double blue ticks on WhatsApp as proof of receipt of legal notice #Zomato May 18, 2017 Zomato suffers an internal security breach, 17 million user details stolen #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #WannaCry May 18, 2017 Computers in the Andhra Pradesh Secretariat infected by the WannaCry Ransomware #WannaCry May 18, 2017 SBI clarifies that all its ATMs are functional and not affected by the WannaCry ransomware #WannaCry May 18, 2017 Chinese state media says US should take some blame for the WannaCry ransomware attack SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Share 0 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-18 ‘I Am: Heath Ledger’ Has Something Even Die-Hard Fans Can Learn About The Late Star Entertainment 2017-05-17 Live Action ‘The Witcher’ Series Being Adapted For Netflix Entertainment 2017-05-17 Stephen King Finds New Way To Scare ‘Gwendy’s Button Box’ Co-Writer Richard Chizmar Entertainment 2017-05-17 ‘Fahrenheit 11/9’: Michael Moore To Explore Donald Trump’s Rise To Power In New ‘Fahrenheit 9/11’ Documentary News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-05-17 Bermuda Triangle: Debris Found Likely To Belong To The Latest Aircraft To Go Missing In The Deadly Area Basketball, Opinion 2017-05-17 Lonzo Ball To The Los Angeles Lakers A Done Deal? News 2017-05-17 Jason Chaffetz States ‘He’s Ready’ To Subpoena James Comey Memo Regarding Michael Flynn Investigation News 2017-05-17 Impeach Donald Trump Now, Say Nearly Half Of American Voters In New Poll Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-05-18 Social Media Unhappy About Recent WWE NXT Name Change Baseball 2017-05-17 Scott Servais Fired: Why Do So Many Seattle Mariners Fans Want Team To Fire Servais As Manager? Basketball 2017-05-17 Gilas Pilipinas Vs. Indonesia: Live Stream, Preview, Where To Watch SEABA 2017 Day 7 Wrestling 2017-05-17 Former Announcer Says Triple H Buried Every Wrestler In the Locker Room Before Undertaker WrestleMania Match Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-15 5 Lessons In Running A Successful Business, According To Kylie Jenner Lifestyle 2017-05-11 Today Is National Eat What You Want Day! Here’s How To Score Free Food Lifestyle 2017-05-09 Mother’s Day 2017: Six Cool Last-Minute Gifts To Give Mom Lifestyle 2017-05-05 What Is Cinco De Mayo Really About? Avocados And Beer Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-16 Deadly Hepatitis C Virus Is On The Rise In America Health 2017-05-16 Beware The ‘Caffeine Overdose’: Energy Drinks Kill Healthy South Carolina Teen, How Dangerous Is Caffeine? Health 2017-05-14 Cholera Outbreak: 115 Dead In Yemen ‘We Are Now Facing Serious Outbreak Of Cholera,’ Says Red Cross Health 2017-05-13 Long Eradicated Diseases Hidden In Permafrost May Run Rampant Again Thanks To Climate Change Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Technology 2017-05-17 Google I/O Debuts Android Go, Gets Friendly With Low-Spec Entry-Level Devices Gaming 2017-05-17 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Update: New Video Of Broken Boat From Supercell, Is ‘Clash of Clans’ Download Going Live Yet? Gaming 2017-05-17 ‘Overwatch’ Anniversary Event Starts Next Week, Play For Free That Weekend Gaming 2017-05-17 ‘ARK: Survival Evolved’ Volcano Goes Active, Characters Mindwiped In Latest PS4 And Xbox One Update BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-17 Trump Is Easy To Hack: Wi-Fi Networks Of Mar-A-Lago, Trump Hotels, Golf Clubs Have No Passwords, Open Printers BuzzWorthy 2017-05-17 Pippa Middleton Gets Bespoke Crystal Palace For Reception, But Will George And Charlotte Ruin Wedding? BuzzWorthy 2017-05-17 Woman Confronts Cheating Husband And Side Piece At Walmart [Video] [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 2017-05-17 Megan Sloan: Second Grade Teacher Charged With Bringing Heroin And Needles To Class SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Google I/O Debuts Android Go, Gets Friendly With Low-Spec Entry-Level Devices Technology 0 0 0 May 17, 2017 Google I/O Debuts Android Go, Gets Friendly With Low-Spec Entry-Level Devices Simon Alvarez Entry-level Android smartphones would be performing a lot better in the near future. During Google’s I/O 2017 conference, the search giant unveiled Android Go, an upcoming version of the popular mobile operating system that is optimized for low-spec devices, specifically smartphones with 1GB of RAM or less. With Android Go, even smartphones with as little as 512MB of RAM would be able to run applications smoothly, providing users with a better mobile experience overall. The Android Go strategy echoes much of Google’s previous Android One initiative, a program unveiled during its I/O 2014 conference. Android One is quite similar to Android Go in the way that both initiatives are geared towards low-end devices in emerging markets. During Android One’s introduction three years ago, Google was quick to declare that it was going after “the next billion” smart devices in emerging markets across the globe. With Android Go, Google appears to be going after the same demographic, as well as smartphone users who have opted to stay away from upgrades during the last couple of years. A report from The Verge stated that Android Go would feature a System UI and kernel that is optimized to run flawlessly on devices with as little as 512MB RAM. Android Go devices would come with optimized, low-memory apps and their own version of the Google Play Store which prioritizes applications that consume less memory. With this, Google has also announced its “Building for Billions” program, which is designed to aid developers in creating applications for emerging markets and low-spec devices. Android O would be available for users of these devices once the full-fledged Android O update rolls out later this year. Did you sneak a peek at #AndroidGo? A new experience is coming to entry-level #Android devices. #io17 pic.twitter.com/A9XogCuZyJ — Android (@Android) May 17, 2017 Android Go makes an interesting addition to Google’s growing plethora of products and devices. Currently, Android stands as the undisputed king of mobile operating systems, with around 2 billion active smartphones and tablets across the globe running a version of the OS, according to a USA Today report. While the devices running Android far outnumbers those of its rivals such as Apple’s iOS, the number of devices running its latest version, Android Nougat, are considerably few. A huge portion of the 2 billion active Android devices in the market today continue to run older versions of the OS, in devices that are considerably low-specced. Most of these low-cost devices are found in emerging markets such as India, a country where entry-level smartphones are king. Back when Google launched Android One in 2014 alone, sub-$200 handsets comprised 78 percent of all smartphone sales in the country. Most of these sub-$200 smartphones, of course, are manufactured with entry-level specs, commonly with basic processors and less than 1GB of RAM. While Android One has not really been the world-changer that Google built it up to be, the upcoming launch of Android Go might finally enable the search giant to unify the billions of devices across the world that are currently running its mobile operating system. Android, after all, was not designed only for the mobile community’s top-tier devices. We reported 12% of Android shipments in 2016 with <1 GB RAM. About 150M units. Top country WW? India #IO17 #AndroidGo #NextBillion pic.twitter.com/EpU0BQa4tR — Bryan Ma (@bryanbma) May 17, 2017 Together with Android Go, Google has also officially announced YouTube Go, a special version of the video-streaming application that is specifically designed for users with limited data connectivity. The app already launched in India earlier this year, to much appreciation from users. With YouTube Go, users would be able to view sneak peaks of videos before actually using their mobile data to watch them. Videos could also be saved on devices for offline viewing later on. YouTube Go even has a feature which enables users to share videos offline through peer-to-peer sharing. Considering the number of devices on wild that are still running Android Jelly Bean and Kit-Kat, there is definitely a market for low-spec devices in the mobile industry. Android One did not end up becoming a worldwide phenomenon as Google built it up to be, but with Android Go, the search giant is giving itself another shot at making the whole Android community into a unified whole. [Featured Image by Eric Risberg/AP Images] Now Watch This: Uber Requires Transport License Advises Top European Court Now Read This: ‘Clash Of Clans’ Update: New Video Of Broken Boat From Supercell, Is ‘Clash of Clans’ Download Going Live Yet? Share 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Simon Alvarez Tags: google, Google I/O, smartphones May 17, 2017 Rules Of Impeachment: This Is Exactly How A President Of The United States Can Be Taken Out Of Office Early May 17, 2017 WWE News: Current Main Event Star Had His Gimmick Completely Changed By Vince McMahon At The Last Minute Comments LATEST HEADLINES ‘Agents Of SHIELD’ Bosses Tease A Bigger ‘Sandbox’ For Season 5 ‘I Am: Heath Ledger’ Has Something Even Die-Hard Fans Can Learn About The Late Star Bella Thorne Snapchats Flowers Received After Scott Disick Date Night: Are They A Legit Couple? Zac Efron’s ‘Baywatch’ Co-Star Dwayne Johnson On Their Edgy Underwater Kiss The 18th Annual McMenamins UFO Festival Is On This Weekend In Oregon ‘Days Of Our Lives’ Spoilers: Will Abigail Marry Dario? Answer Might Shock ‘Chabby’ Fans Yes, Andy Cohen Just Tasted Amber Tamblyn’s Breast Milk On ‘WWHL,’ Twitter Goes Wild The ’60 Days In: Atlanta’ Season Finale Wraps Up With A Surprising Twist For One Participant Google I/O Debuts Android Go, Gets Friendly With Low-Spec Entry-Level Devices Song Joong Ki Reportedly Inks New Deal And It Is Not For New Korean Drama Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories ‘Little People, Big World’s’ Zach And Tori Welcome Baby! See The Cute First Family Photo 20.1k 0 0 ‘Little People, Big World’: Tori Roloff Posts New Pic Of Baby Jackson, Zach Afraid To Cut Cord [UPDATE] 11.7k 0 0 James Woods’ Twitter Tweet: Anderson Cooper’s ‘Butt Plug Dislodges During A Newscast’ Calls For Twitter Ban 7.3k 0 0 Does Donald Trump Want To Be Impeached? It’s Shaping Up To Look That Way [Opinion] 6.8k 0 0 Donald Trump Passed Classified ISIS Info To Russians In Oval Office Meeting, Bombshell Report Says [Updated] 5.8k 0 0 ‘Little People, Big World’: Matt Roloff Reacts To Becoming A Grandpa, Fans Ask If Baby Has Dwarfism 5.7k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
  Choisissez la langue de votre document : bg - български es - español cs - čeština da - dansk de - Deutsch et - eesti keel el - ελληνικά en - English (Selected) fr - français ga - Gaeilge hr - hrvatski it - italiano lv - latviešu valoda lt - lietuvių kalba hu - magyar mt - Malti nl - Nederlands pl - polski pt - português ro - română sk - slovenčina sl - slovenščina fi - suomi sv - svenska Parliamentary questions 15 May 2017 E-001001/2017 Answer given by Ms Jourová on behalf of the Commission The Commission would first like to point out that, while the Microsoft judgment was rendered by a United States (U.S.) Court of Appeals, the referenced ruling in the Google case has been handed down by a U.S. District Court. Moreover, according to the Commission's information, Google has announced its intention to appeal that ruling. While the Commission does not comment on the correct interpretation of U.S. law as regards its scope of application, it is clear that the processing of personal data in the Union is subject to the EU's data protection rules. Therefore, any transfer of personal data from the EU to the U.S. is only allowed under specific conditions. In particular, the General Data Protection Regulation, which applies as of 25 May 2018, includes specific conditions for transfers of personal data based on the decision of an administrative or judicial authority of a third country, such as for instance a warrant issued by a U.S. court. It is for the national data protection authorities as the competent enforcement authorities to ensure the respect for these rules. Electronic evidence is often key to criminal investigations. Following the Council Conclusions on improving criminal justice in cyberspace, adopted on 9 June 2016, the Commission was called upon to take concrete actions to improve cooperation with service providers, make mutual legal assistance more efficient and to propose solutions to the problems of determining and enforcing jurisdiction in cyberspace. The Commission expects to present the results of that work in the summer of 2017. Last updated: 17 May 2017 Legal notice
getreadingLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Reading & Berkshire News Business Education Politics Crime Health Traffic and Travel Motors Berkshire History UK & World News News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On Things To Do Reading Family & Kids Food & Drink Comedy Music & Nightlife Theatre Film Shopping CompetitionsExpand Sport Latest Sport Reading FC London Irish Rugby Union Other Sport Cricket Basketball Cycling Golf Horse RacingExpand Sport OpinionExpand Reading FC History Business Traffic & Travel In Your Area Reading Wokingham Bracknell See All AreasExpand My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter instagram Jobs Motors Property Business Directory Dating BuySell Buy a Photo Book an Ad InYourArea Contact Us About Us Submit Your Events Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS Feeds © 2017 Trinity Mirror Southern Home News Business Property News Reading's empty offices could attract the likes of Google to the town Nicholas Coote of property experts Lambert Smith Hampton says Reading has everything London has but is 40 per cent cheaper  Share  Comments ByHugh Fort 05:00, 18 MAY 2017 Updated06:54, 18 MAY 2017 News Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextChiltern Edge School Protest Watch this video again Watch Next Calcot bus fire0:38 Adama Jammeh protests outside Reading Tesco1:13 Reading FC in the play-offs0:50 Police at Reading Bridge2:24 University of Reading discovers 500-year-old Caxt1:21 Royal Berkshire Fire and Rescue's fire safety song4:50 Video will play in  Some of the new developments on the cards for Reading Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Large offices standing empty in Reading could be occupied by the likes of Google, according to a property expert. Nicholas Coote, head of Thames Valley for Lambert Smith Hampton in Duke Street, says the town’s strong economic position means there is little doubt the prime office space in the town will get snapped up. He told getreading he saw no reason why names as big as Google wouldn’t want to snap up space in the likes of Thames Tower or The White Building in Blagrave Street - particularly with the much-vaunted Crossrail project on the way. Read More First look inside Thames Tower as pop up restaurant plans revealed He added it was probably the case some developers had “jumped the gun” and built offices before tenants had been acquired. But said there is a feeling big business would eventually leave London and towns like Basingstoke and Newbury and head to the hotspots like Reading, Slough and Maidenhead . Businesses have been snapping up space in the offices, but there is plenty more to be let in Reading. Read More Reading Retail Park snapped up in £31 million deal He explained: “The problem businesses have at the moment is an ageing workforce. “They are now really looking to ensure they get the best of the young talent available. “The great thing about Reading is that it has a wide pool of talent. The White Building in Reading (Photo: UGC TMS) “Companies work on the assumption staff are prepared to commute for about an hour. “At the moment, there’s a certain area within an hour of Reading. “When Crossrail comes that area will be much bigger and that talent will then be able to commute to towns like Reading.” Read More Help shape house building in Reading for the next 20 years He added the office space available was nearly all top quality A grade. While 87 per cent of office space available in the town is A grade, 13 per cent is B grade, which he said can differ in quality from nearly A grade to nearly C grade - the lowest, cheapest grade. While Reading is attracting huge names, there is less good news for smaller businesses looking for cheap offices as there is no C grade space at all in Reading. Read More Reading town centre flat plan could see Wickes and Iceland demolished this summer Mr Coote said the existing stock is either taken or has been converted into housing. Forbury Place (Photo: Get Reading) Parking Mr Coote said the other issue facing people coming to work in Reading is parking. He estimated every new office in the town had parking spaces for one in every four employees, which means the town’s car parks would be under massive pressure. Read More Station Hill development up for sale and more flats could be added to the plans While the town’s rail links are excellent compared to other towns like Bracknell where the line is “hopeless”, he said it was inevitable a lot of people would drive to work. He said as the offices are filled, the town’s notorious traffic problems are not likely to get any better. Despite that, he insists Reading has a huge amount going for it. He said: “Reading is becoming an amazing tech city. Read More The changing face of Reading - the big developments planned for the town “Why wouldn’t Google look to relocate some of their staff from London into Reading? “They could take 3,000 or 4,000 sq ft in a quality office in Reading, which has all the benefits of London but is 40 per cent cheaper." The R+ building in Reading (Photo: UGC TMS) The Brexit factor When asked about what could derail Reading’s progress, Mr Coote was upbeat about both Brexit and the impact of any recession that may come in the future. On Brexit, he said: “There is a bit of businesses waiting to see what the final decision is, some are cautious and don’t want to move their offices while there is the uncertainty. Read More Reading office block named one of the best workplaces in the South East “In terms of a downturn, the economy is improving at the moment, it’s good. “We have done some research into the stalling market and even if we were to see take-up reduce by 50 per cent, it would not be too bad.” Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @getreading Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Google Crossrail Bracknell Bracknell Town Centre Reading Newbury Maidenhead Property property news News all Most Read Most Recent PropertyReading's empty offices could attract the likes of Google to the town Nicholas Coote of property experts Lambert Smith Hampton says Reading has everything London has but is 40 per cent cheaper Network RailCommuter's fury as Reading trains repeatedly delayed by signal failures Short delays on mainline services cause greater disruption for branch line passengers, says fed up commuter Thames Valley PoliceMotorcyclist dies after A4074 crash with lorry Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a collision on the road between Reading and Wallingford CrimeMan arrested after car stolen in alleged armed robbery in West Reading The victim was taken to hospital following the incident but has since been discharged HealthRoyal Berkshire Hospital trust is one of best in the country The trust which runs the RBH, Bracknell Healthspace, Townlands and the Windsor Dialysis Unit was ranked among the top 40 in the country Half TermWhen do Berkshire schools break up for half term? Find out the dates for spring half term and the next Bank Holiday MortimerMortimer villagers to vote in local referendum on future developments The Stratfield Mortimer Neighbourhood Plan sets out plans for development and improvements over the next 10 years Berkshire LiveBreaking news for Reading and Berkshire on Thursday May 18 All you need to know about what's happening in Reading, Bracknell, Wokingham and beyond Network RailCommuter's fury as Reading trains repeatedly delayed by signal failures Short delays on mainline services cause greater disruption for branch line passengers, says fed up commuter PropertyReading's empty offices could attract the likes of Google to the town Nicholas Coote of property experts Lambert Smith Hampton says Reading has everything London has but is 40 per cent cheaper Most Read Most Recent Sir John MadejskiSir John Madejski: Reading FC's future is secure after completion of takeover Royals' co-chairman believes the change in ownership makes a huge difference in the club's security going forward Reading FCWhen will tickets go on sale for the Reading FC play-off final at Wembley? Early information has been announced about the Wembley showdown on May 29 Reading FCReading FC: The new owners' to-do list now takeover is complete Dai Yongge and Dai Xiu Li are the new majority shareholders with Royals PropertyReading's empty offices could attract the likes of Google to the town Nicholas Coote of property experts Lambert Smith Hampton says Reading has everything London has but is 40 per cent cheaper Network RailCommuter's fury as Reading trains repeatedly delayed by signal failures Short delays on mainline services cause greater disruption for branch line passengers, says fed up commuter Reading FCWhen is the Championship play-off final? All you need to know about the showpiece event at Wembley Reading FCWhen will tickets go on sale for the Reading FC play-off final at Wembley? Early information has been announced about the Wembley showdown on May 29 Half TermWhen do Berkshire schools break up for half term? Find out the dates for spring half term and the next Bank Holiday MortimerMortimer villagers to vote in local referendum on future developments The Stratfield Mortimer Neighbourhood Plan sets out plans for development and improvements over the next 10 years Berkshire LiveBreaking news for Reading and Berkshire on Thursday May 18 All you need to know about what's happening in Reading, Bracknell, Wokingham and beyond Top Stories PropertyReading's empty offices could attract the likes of Google to the town Nicholas Coote of property experts Lambert Smith Hampton says Reading has everything London has but is 40 per cent cheaper Sir John MadejskiSir John Madejski: Reading FC's future is secure after completion of takeover Royals' co-chairman believes the change in ownership makes a huge difference in the club's security going forward Network RailCommuter's fury as Reading trains repeatedly delayed by signal failures Short delays on mainline services cause greater disruption for branch line passengers, says fed up commuter General electionGeneral Election 2017: Tory focus on mental health tops South East voters' pick of policies Voters in the South East supported the Conservative policy even if they were planning to vote for other parties Reading FCReading FC: The new owners' to-do list now takeover is complete Dai Yongge and Dai Xiu Li are the new majority shareholders with Royals MortimerMortimer villagers to vote in local referendum on future developments The Stratfield Mortimer Neighbourhood Plan sets out plans for development and improvements over the next 10 years Thames Valley PoliceMotorcyclist dies after A4074 crash with lorry Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a collision on the road between Reading and Wallingford Reading FCWhen will tickets go on sale for the Reading FC play-off final at Wembley? Early information has been announced about the Wembley showdown on May 29 CrimeMan arrested after car stolen in alleged armed robbery in West Reading The victim was taken to hospital following the incident but has since been discharged General electionThe Reading Survey - tell us what life is like in the town Take the getreading General Election survey to help us build up a picture of 2017 Reading Reading FCReading FC star McCleary hails 'best ever' atmosphere at Madejski Stadium after historic night Players, staff and fans took to Twitter to react as Royals reached Wembley HealthRoyal Berkshire Hospital trust is one of best in the country The trust which runs the RBH, Bracknell Healthspace, Townlands and the Windsor Dialysis Unit was ranked among the top 40 in the country PropertyReading's empty offices could attract the likes of Google to the town Nicholas Coote of property experts Lambert Smith Hampton says Reading has everything London has but is 40 per cent cheaper Network RailCommuter's fury as Reading trains repeatedly delayed by signal failures Short delays on mainline services cause greater disruption for branch line passengers, says fed up commuter CrimeMan arrested after car stolen in alleged armed robbery in West Reading The victim was taken to hospital following the incident but has since been discharged Thames Valley PoliceMotorcyclist dies after A4074 crash with lorry Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a collision on the road between Reading and Wallingford HealthRoyal Berkshire Hospital trust is one of best in the country The trust which runs the RBH, Bracknell Healthspace, Townlands and the Windsor Dialysis Unit was ranked among the top 40 in the country West ReadingMan accused of stealing vows to protest outside Reading Tesco store until he gets an apology Adama Jammeh was cleared after a year long police investigation Berkshire LiveBreaking news for Reading and Berkshire on Wednesday May 17 All you need to know about what's happening in Reading, Bracknell, Wokingham and beyond Reading Town CentreThe best (30 and counting) independent shops in Reading town centre There are also many successful independent traders in the town centre and getreading wants you to help celebrate the best of them General electionThe Reading Survey - tell us what life is like in the town Take the getreading General Election survey to help us build up a picture of 2017 Reading M3See the diversion route for the M3 closure this weekend Drivers warned of weekend closure of one junction on M3 for resurfacing work Berkshire LiveBreaking news for Reading and Berkshire on Thursday May 18 All you need to know about what's happening in Reading, Bracknell, Wokingham and beyond Reading Magistrates' CourtReading magistrate Rodney Fox convicted of child sex assault Rodney Fox wept as he was refused bail by the judge CalcotCalcot bus driver praised for quick-thinking after engine burst into flames The driver of the 26 stopped and got the passengers off as soon as she noticed smoke coming from the engine area UK & World NewsThe seven new vaping laws coming into force THIS week Anyone breaching these laws could be jailed for up to a maximum of two years           ReadingFirst look inside Thames Tower as pop up restaurant plans revealed Take a look around the newly refurbished office block MortimerMortimer villagers to vote in local referendum on future developments The Stratfield Mortimer Neighbourhood Plan sets out plans for development and improvements over the next 10 years BusinessThames Tower first look General electionGeneral Election 2017: Tory focus on mental health tops South East voters' pick of policies Voters in the South East supported the Conservative policy even if they were planning to vote for other parties Chiltern Edge SchoolCampaigners fight to save Chiltern Edge School from closure Families turned out to fight to keep the school open in St Martin's Precinct in Caversham M4How to avoid the M4 weekend closures The motorway will close from junction 12 to junction 13 at 9pm on Friday and will reopen at 6am on Monday News What's On Sport In Your Area Reading FC History Business Traffic & Travel Reading Wokingham Bracknell Nightlife Follow us facebook twitter instagram InYourArea Contact Us About Us Submit Your Events Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS Feeds © 2017 Trinity Mirror Southern This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Thursday, May 18, 2017 As of 5:08 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment News Google Home is on its way to Australia By Frenalyn Wilson on May 18 2017 2:17 PM 0 0 0 0 Google Home is displayed during the presentation of new Google hardware in San Francisco, California, U.S. October 4, 2016. Reuters/Beck Diefenbach Google's smart benchtop speaker is set to land in Australia later this year, challenging Amazon's Alexa. Google Home allows users to speak naturally to control smart home appliances, access online services and listen to music. The voice-controlled technology is coming to Australia mid-year and to other countries as part of Google Home’s expansion plans, which the company has announced at the Google I/O developer conference in Mountain View, California. Google Home runs the AI-powered Google Assistant. Google Home is capable of recognising the voices of different users in the household. It can also deal with transactions, along with "proactive assistance" which will allow the speaker to alert users about significant matters like traffic congestion that requires earlier departure times and calendar appointments. Australian pricing for Google Home is yet to be announced. It is expected to cost around $199 (including GST). In the United States, Google Home users will soon be able to make free calls to landline and mobile numbers across the US and Canada. This feature is not likely to be available in Australia when Google Home launches this year. Google Assistant, at the same time, is expanding beyond Google Home and Android smartphones to Apple's iPhone. It is also spreading its wings to smart home appliances like dishwashers, ovens and fridges. Moreover, Google Assistant embraces the Internet of Things with its latest developer kit. It lets hardware makers connect any device to the internet and control it through the Google Assistant, which is turning out to be even more conversational according to Google Assistant VP of Engineering, Scott Huffman. He assured the Assistant is always available and ready to assist in getting even more things done. Huffman said nearly 70 percent of requests to Google Assistant are being told in natural language instead of the usual keyboards which people type in a search box, adding several of them are follow ups that continue the conversation. “We're really starting to crack the hard computer science challenge of conversationality,” Sydney Morning Herald quoted him as saying. Google also announced the addition of the free Spotify service, SoundCloud, and Deezer. Paid Spotify has been previously made available in the country. The news of Google Home’s arrival to Australia comes as rival Amazon expands its operations in the country, which includes a local release of its similar Echo. Powered by Amazon Alexa smart voice assistant, it helps users shop more easily from their kitchen. Read more: Aldi rolls out its biggest brand overhaul in Australia, lowers grocery prices Fake Origin Energy bill targeted Aussies; security firm warns against scams CNET/YouTube Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Google Pixel 2 concept design impresses Google Mother's Day app ready to help anyone make mom special on May 14 Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Apple Watch can now detect cardiac arrhythmia with 97 percent accuracy 0 Shares 2 Apple Watch to reportedly have blood sugar-monitoring functionality; Camera band also a possibility 0 Shares 3 This company is giving away a free 'Outlander' tour 0 Shares 4 ‘Designated Survivor’ Season 2 confirmed 0 Shares 5 ‘Outlander’ season 3: ‘Better than first two seasons’ 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: ‘Out of this world performance’ 0 Shares 7 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Fergus at beach and Governor’s house 0 Shares 8 ‘Prison Break’ Season 5: Sarah Wayne Callies opens up on Michael 0 Shares 9 SolarCity CEO quits; Cash-heavy competitors pose threat to Tesla 0 Shares 10 ‘Vikings’ season 5 will blow socks off; Filming all wrapped up 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Telstra Wifi calling capability enabled for iPhone, Samsung Galaxy users Manufacturers get $100-million fund as automotive producers leave Australia Qantas crowned Australia’s most attractive employer NT okays $800m Northern Gas Pipeline, Jemena poised to solve Australia's gas crisis Microsoft says WannaCry ransomware must be a wake-up call for governments Gov't reveals cyber attack in Australian businesses is rising More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance FDA to require restaurants to post nutritional info for their menu starting May 5 Melania Trump welcomes Queen Rania of Jordan, heads to an all-girls school Pump hydro storage can help build 100 percent renewable energy grid Study shows Western Australians are unhappiest at work; older, female employees are more satisfied Egyptians unite after church bombing; Abdel Fatah el-Sisi declares state of emergency Trump to visit China; Xi approves 100-day trade talks plan More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Kaepernick, RG3 may be suiting up next season after all WWE Extreme Rules to determine Brock Lesnar’s first Universal title opponent Shayanna Jenkins-Hernandez singles out inconsistencies in Aaron Hernandez suicide Celtics vs Wizards Game 7 live stream: 2017 NBA Playoffs live streaming, preview, start time Lakers Trade News: Teams calling about D'Angelo Russell after NBA Draft Lottery 2017 NBA Draft Lottery live stream: How it works, odds of Lakers losing Top-3 pick More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Australia to soon grow medical marijuana locally, believes expert Cyber attack 2017: Aussies urged to update anti-virus software Telstra to refund nbn customers not receiving promised speeds Famed Nintendo titles ‘Legend of Zelda’ and ‘Pokemon’ getting mobile version soon Apple Watch can now detect cardiac arrhythmia with 97 percent accuracy Spyslide webcam cover: Features, price and release details More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'Avengers: Infinity War' may introduce new generation of Avengers Marvel may re-acquire film rights with 'Spider-Man: Homecoming' James Gunn hints 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3' release date ‘The Last Kingdom’: Exclusive interview with Alexander Dreymon '13 Reasons Why' season 2: What to expect One more character may not make it to the second season of 'Riverdale' More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content Windows Central Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions Windows Tablets & Laptops Surface Laptop Surface Pro 4 Surface Book Windows 10 Windows 10 S Windows 10 Mobile Windows Phones Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 HP Elite x3 The Xbox Lounge Shop HOT DEAL$ Digital Deals All Accessories Cases & Covers Chargers & Cables Docks & Cradles Batteries Screen Protectors Laptop Buyers Guide Windows 10 Help & How To Best Windows Store Apps Best Windows Store Games Apps Microsoft Insider Program Surface Surface Tips Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Surface Pro 3 Xbox Game Reviews Xbox LIVE Project Scorpio The Best Laptop Reviews Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Dell Laptop Deals Live Help Podcast Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Windows Central Forums All News Stories Phone News Surface News Windows News Xbox News MSFT News Apps Games Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop Accessories Podcasts Videos Newsletter Contact us Tip Us On News Download our app! Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad USB ports basically Room-scale for Oculus Rift A home for Quick Actions Microsoft is building a new Control Center for Quick Actions in Windows 10 Moving down the line NVIDIA quietly outs the low-end GeForce GT 1030 How Handy Big OneNote for Windows 10 update brings handful of useful features Here we go Group behind 'WannaCry' exploit leak promises more to come < > Surface Laptop Windows 10 Creators Update Best Laptops Best VPN Services Best Antivirus Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 Windows 10 Tip us on News! Pre-order: Surface Laptop Google I/O 2017 Want to know what's next for Google and Android? Follow along live at I/O 2017! By Al Sacco Wednesday, May 17, 2017 at 10:53 am EDT 78 Comments Windows Central's sister site Android Central is on the scene in Mountain View, Calif., this week for Google's 2017 I/O conference. The AC live blog is THE place to be (other than at the event, of course) to follow all the action in real time. We're all-in on Microsoft around these parts. But let's face it, even die-hard Windows phone fans are investigating other mobile platforms at this point, including Google's Android. Many of us also use Google services, such as Gmail, Google Drive and Google Maps. Frankly, we're also interested in what the competition will unveil this week — and Google always puts on a show. If you're not familiar with Google I/O, it's the company's yearly developer conference. (Think: Build for Googlers.) In the past, it had been held in downtown San Francisco, but last year Google moved the event into its own backyard, at the Shoreline Amphitheatre, where it returns this year. Google is sure to announce a number of Android-related developments, but you can also expect to hear updates on Chrome, Chromebooks, search, ad-tech and anything else Google dabbles in (which is just about everything). The keynote starts at 1 pm ET/10 am PT, and you can (and should) follow along live on AC. Visit the site for ongoing coverage this week and be sure to bookmark the live blog page so you don't miss a thing. Hit Android Central's Google I/O live blog! Reader comments Want to know what's next for Google and Android? Follow along live at I/O 2017! 78 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating WPlover940 WC is losing its focus, I think it is time to switch to onmsft 33 15 hours ago Reply WPlover940 WC is losing its focus, I think it is time to switch to onmsft 14 15 hours ago Reply rodneyej It's fine.. This article is ok. Even WPC used to run these type.. It's interesting to see (the threat) what others are coming up with... If MS is listening in, then we should be as well.......... And, you know, for a fact, MS is in attendance..... Heck, MS probably sponsored it😍😍😍😂 -5 15 hours ago Reply sholokov Almost all of us here know that Mobile Nation has a separate website for Android, amongst others. If any of us were interested, we'll go there and check on Android news. No point of having it here. 19 14 hours ago Reply KillaRizzay No they didn't. Ive been with WPC since windows phone 7 launched in December 2010. They most certainly did NOT have articles about what's coming to Android. You're tripping mang ... 3 13 hours ago Reply rodneyej Lol. Oh, yes they did. You know they did.. They always posted about Apple events, and when there was a new iPhone being reveled. The tone was just different, so we didn't take it that way... WPC would always compare our Lumias in the light that they were still better, so nobody ever took offense to the articles (or remembered them).... ........ I'm not for all out iDroid news, and tips especially, being fed here, and those articles make me sick, but news about big reveals from competitors is a must, especially from MS's standpoint.... That is, unless you're the type to keep your head in the sand........... -1 6 hours ago Reply Hiswona you bet. Who the f*** wants to know about this 7 14 hours ago Reply kenzibit WTFF?? Is Windows Central being run by Android boys now? Where are the senior editors, Daniel Rubino, are you guys aware of this happenings to the site? Jesus Christ!!!! I'm out!! 14 14 hours ago Reply AbstractKiller Yep, my thoughts too 3 12 hours ago Reply Jonathan Harris1 When Build was going on last week AC had an article pointing to WC to promote the live blog. Not that big of a deal.  -3 13 hours ago Reply rianext They are all part of mobile nation...once in a while they promote each other like VRHeads, android central, imore...they've all done it for each other now and then...Windows PC and Surface users make use of android and iOS too....i personally am a windows user with plans to have some android involvement very soon and am already using iOS...i appreciate such articles to keep us mixed platform users aware. 0 13 hours ago Reply rianext They are all part of mobile nation...once in a while they promote each other like VRHeads, android central, imore...they've all done it for each other now and then...Windows PC and Surface users make use of android and iOS too....i personally am a windows user with plans to have some android involvement very soon and am already using iOS...i appreciate such articles to keep us mixed platform users aware. 0 13 hours ago Reply real0395 Yup, if you visit the other sites they will have related WC articles that relate to Android or iOS. It is relatively new that all the mobile nation sites are doing this, but not necessarily just because of W10M's current state or whatever reason people think it is. 0 8 hours ago Reply Rahul Sharma45 WC also need retrenchment..... ;) 2 13 hours ago Reply rodneyej Lol... That's funny 😂😂😂 0 6 hours ago Reply manjitrupbikram brahma Yeah. Windows Central has now become Android Central. 4 13 hours ago Reply GreenArM5446 íf you have some free time use it to make some extra cash onlíne, viset the hyperlink listed on my site.------------> sdfvbnm, ........... http://www.Prowage20.Com 0 41 min ago Reply AlphaChap Irreverent article after irreverent article is today's summary. 13 15 hours ago Reply VAVA Mk2 I used XBox and Windows computers for home and work but use Android for mobile and Google's many services. It may be a shock to you, but it is possible to enjoy multiple platforms/ecosystems. 0 6 hours ago Reply sanjeet_deshwal Seriously? -_- 5 15 hours ago Reply Sean D. Cool! Totally looking forward to the Microsoft FUD spreaders to talk about how Microsoft is "late", or "missing out", or "clueless" because google is doing a thing. Yet another relatively minor 'thing'.  1 15 hours ago Reply deadonthefloor YouTube SuperChats FTW!! 0 11 hours ago Reply szasza I'm not interested in the Google and Android. Is this Windows or Android Central??? 16 15 hours ago Reply BRomeroT I will see the event, because I like to get news from every source. But this site is Microsoft focus (at least that's we believe) so if I want know about Google I just read Android Central. That's not mean that you most "hete" other companies, just focus on Microsoft, include Microsoft products on other platforms. And let sites as Android Central cover Google I/O. This is just my advise. Greetings :) 4 15 hours ago Reply KSilcox There are plenty of IOS and Android websites. I don't come here for that. Knock it off! 13 15 hours ago Reply shady2all Hey Al Wacco and windows central knock off this **** with the Google and Apple articles already. Who do I need to contact for complaints about these irrelevant articles pertaining to other operating systems. If you guys have nothing to write about regarding Microsoft, then don't write anything at all. Either change the name of this site or go write articles to those other sites. 13 15 hours ago Reply Sean D. Word! 2 15 hours ago Reply rodneyej I think it will be interesting... Nothing wrong here... Know your "enemy".... .......... I still think that all that MS has done for Google,, Google should've treated MS better with WP... That was just unappreciative, and wrong.. But, that's business, I guess.🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄 1 15 hours ago Reply theefman I'm curious as to what specifically Microsoft has done for google that should elicit the kind of response you imply. -1 14 hours ago Reply Sean D. First and foremost, without Microsft (and PC's) google wouldn't exist.  2 14 hours ago Reply theefman Then they would run their software on what was available, wouldnt they? Same goes for Adobe, Oracle, and basically any other piece of PC software. Point is, Microsoft did not specifically create Windows for google so they have nothing to be appreciative for. -1 14 hours ago Reply AbstractKiller Just a quick couple: - paid out and physically promoted their browser following their funded lawsuit; - provided FOC "the defacto" office suite for their devices (i.e. not locked them out) As opposed to: - actively locked their apps/services from being available on the rival OS (with varying degrees of success, thinking: Google/YouTube services for example, now irrelevant, but a kicker when the platform needed to attract users and developers) 0 12 hours ago Reply scdkad Uh make all of their apps and services available for android but google makes nothing for WP for starters.. 0 1 hour ago Reply KillaRizzay **** that! Go read android central if you wanna know thy enemy... 0 13 hours ago Reply Richard Loveridge Unless they are FINALLY going to progress the OS forward from a basic mobile OS, I don't really are the point of them even having an event. The Pixel 2 will be the same as the Pixel 1 with no edges?????? An extra core in the cpu? An extra megapixel in the camera? 0 15 hours ago Reply Sin Ogaris How is that any different to any other mobile OS? The last to actually attempt something new was Meego and Microsoft absolutely destroyed it. 0 8 hours ago Reply Pallav Chakraborty WTF is wrong with WC? First a bs iOS article and now something about Google! This site is becoming more of a mobile nations newspage than Windows centered news site. 6 15 hours ago Reply eryker Fake Windows news. They're desperate for clicks. That's what happens when you've got no phones to write about. Sad. 4 15 hours ago Reply Ricardo Dawkins Agree 0 14 hours ago Reply dotnethaggis Those that think this is irrelevant really haven't been paying attention to Microsoft over the last week or so. Android and iOS are a big part of the future for Microsoft and Windows as a whole. -1 14 hours ago Reply sholokov And which is why you should go to Android Central and read all about it. :/ 3 14 hours ago Reply Richard Loveridge I disagree. I think MS use those currently because they are well Current. MS future is solely in Windows on ARM. Once that happens and a new type of device hits from the Surface team followed by OEMs such as HP, Samsung, Lenovo etc etc. MS won't need to show Android or IOS at events. 1 14 hours ago Reply dotnethaggis Microsoft and Windows is about more than just Windows Phone on ARM. I'm a developer. I use Microsoft technologies. I also use Google technologies. I also use Microsoft technologies to target Android platform. One of those being Xamarin. I'm afraid the Windows / Microsoft ecosystem is more than just Windows and Windows Phone. This sort of mind set is what made us go down the Windows 8.1 and Windows Phone 8.1 path... look where that got us. As a developer, an one that focuses on Microsoft technologies I'm also interested in Android and Apple related news. Maybe Windows Central need to change their name again... what do you think Daniel? ;) 4 14 hours ago Reply KillaRizzay I...am in the same boat as you in terms of using Microsoft ecosystem to build everything from websites to cross plat apps via xamarin. I disagree that windows ecosystem is more than windows and windows phone. MS, I agree with ur statement, but not for windows. Windows doesn't run on anything else but windows ****. Ms apps do. Within the windows ecosystem, it is very much desktop and mobile (to a much lesser extent). But to say the windows ecosystem is about ios and android is flat out wrong and inaccurate. You have to separate the two (MS and windows)... -2 13 hours ago Reply dotnethaggis What I'm saying is Microsoft if more than just Windows and Windows Phone. Hence why they have Xamarin. Look at what was announced at Build. For example, Timeline - the Windows experience spans over Android and iOS devices... so actually, I am not wrong. Windows ecosystem is about Windows and other platforms including iOS and Android. 0 13 hours ago Reply Richard Loveridge Again that's now. That's current. Who's to say in 3 years when Windows 10 on ARM pocket PCs are about that Android and IOS don't fade away list like the mobiles before Smartphones did? I was just saying currently. I believe MS future at events will NOT show Android or IOS if Windows ARM takes off on Pocket PCs as I Suspect it will. Especially with Samsung Galaxy backing. As Samsung have shifted to Windows 10 already for Tablets I'm positive they will get in on Pocket PCs. 0 12 hours ago Reply dotnethaggis Yes I get that. I understand what the future plan is for Microsoft regarding ARM and Windows 10. But at the moment for developers, we are looking at the current - which is Android and iOS, Windows, Xamarin etc. And for the future of Windows on ARM we are covered with UWP. This Google IO article is about now, developers are using Xamarin for cross platform applications today and that's why in today's Microsoft development space this article is relevant and should be on Windows Central today. 0 12 hours ago Reply AbstractKiller Evil master plan: 1) Infiltrate userbase across all OSs, 2) Release CShell and W10 ARM, 3) Promote, 4) Deactivate all non-native API calls 0 12 hours ago Reply KillaRizzay Really? Is the google I/O event really gunna talk about MS Office being on Android?? No, they're gunna talk about what's new in Android.. -1 13 hours ago Reply dotnethaggis You either didn't read or didn't understand what I wrote. Because I target Android devices using Microsoft technology (ie Xamarin) you can also use natives features of Android (and iOS). These features will be explained at GoogleIO. Instead of saying Microsoft is more than Windows and Windows Phone... I should have also added Office too... 0 13 hours ago Reply kelvin Harris2 no. 2 14 hours ago Reply Giddora No thanks. Android isn't good enough for us. :) 3 14 hours ago Reply Ilovenutella I've had enough of your **** windows central. I'm switching to on MSFT/WinBeta. I will miss Zac and Dan, but it'l be better than this ****. 4 14 hours ago Reply OHardy Guys listen to your costumer base & give the respect; stop trying to force Android /Google & iOS. 2 14 hours ago Reply Satish Singh Well I am not. I think Android is like old trains powered by steam engine. It is still running due to sheer momentum of is market share and lack of alternatives. If there is one word that can describe Android, it must be "stagnant". This is how I feel. So I will stick to my Lumia. Thanks to the exceptional build quality of Nokia, is not going to break any time soon! 0 14 hours ago Reply KillaRizzay I feel iOS is far more stagnent than Android, but Android performance is still lack luster from what ive seen (even watching the hands on preview of the HTC u11 or whatever their newest is) 1 13 hours ago Reply DanRJones91 Readership of WC is definitely more petualent than AC. AC posted a nod to Build and the comments section wasn't as salty as this. It's when articles like this come out you see whether people are fans of technology or just fans of a company. 3 14 hours ago Reply dotnethaggis Last sentence - spot on. 2 14 hours ago Reply DragonPoo You got it.  I never see this type of reaction on the other Mobile Nations sites. It's almost like that old Nokia advert for their Lumia phones, where the iOS and Android users are fighting it out.  I'd expect better from my fellow readers. 2 13 hours ago Reply rodneyej I miss my old Windows Phone Central,,,,,,, but you're right. Can't argue about that. Hate to admit it, though. 0 6 hours ago Reply davisorle Hilarious how it says week, time and not which day of the week anywhere. 0 14 hours ago Reply mangarea Get out. We really really don't need it news about google. -1 13 hours ago Reply Caillte7 I think the article was written for Windows fans like me, who were disappointed by Build and are tired of their 640 (having no good upgrade options) and buggy software (my keyboard lags HARD for goodness sake!) with a shrinking app selection. 0 13 hours ago Reply OHardy Here is some windows news to cheer us up. https://www.onmsft.com/news/new-windows-10-insider-pc-and-mobile-builds-... 0 13 hours ago Reply LondonLumia Just came here for the outcry... was not disappointed 😂 All these people moaning, if it's not an article you want to read.... Don't read it? I find this kinda thing interesting, a little out of place, but I won't complain. 2 13 hours ago Reply techiez Well MS has shown at build that way forward for them is that Windows plays nice with android.wc is following same theme. 0 12 hours ago Reply Paul Josephson Sad! Most of you are acting like petulant children.  There is nothing wrong with this site looking at the competition. And with so many programs and services by Microsoft also available on platforms like iOS, MacOS and Android they aren't always the  competition but a member of  Microsoft's continous growth.  Google I/O is an important event. An event that will show what directions Google and Android are taking in the coming year. WindowsCentral should be covering the event. They should be recapping the highlights of the event in a blog and pointing to more indepth coverage at one of their sister sites. Doing so hardly means the site is being taken over by all things Android.   You all act like you need safe spaces. Oh, no your deliecate sensibilities are being challenged;  all things in the world do not revolve around Microsoft and Windows; this is not how the world worlks.  Just say no to safe spaces. Succh crap breeds only your own biases.  If you need to leave  because your feelings are hurt then that means one less crybaby being here is fine with those of us that see the broader picture and willing to discuss moves that Google, Apple, Oracle, Amazon and others are doing and what Microsoft should do, can do or is doing in reaction.  You cannot win if you are blind to the battle. If this site was constantly posting reviews and the daily recaps of all things Android or iOS there might be a point to all this. But, WindowsCentral has hardly done anything close to that.  As Sun Tzu says, "Know the enemy and know yourself; in a hundred battles you will never be defeated"  2 12 hours ago Reply alanSJ Well said. Some people get really bent out of shape over nothing. I'm first and foremost a tech enthusiast, and a MS fan. But I'm not a blind sheep as people tend to apply that term to Apple fans. I use mostly MS stuff, but am open-minded enough to explore and use services/products offered by Google or Apple if, in my opinion, they are better or if MS simply does not have such product/service. The cell phone is one such example. I'm still using a L1520 that's almost 4 years-old and will most likely have to switch to an iPhone or Android phone just like tons of other MS fans who have already done so (including plenty on the WC staff). 0 11 hours ago Reply Dirtrot Wow Iphone is the new universal phone lol. Everything ms and google is also comming to iphone. Siri is such a hoe now lol. 0 12 hours ago Reply psaahmme There'll be no stopping the Windows 10 juggernaut folks! 0 11 hours ago Reply Mani Malekizadeh google CEO is like APES 1 11 hours ago Reply Sedp23 So when is the android central app coming to Windows 10 Mobile 0 11 hours ago Reply kittananj Just finished watching Google I/O. Well, not much excitement, more in cringeworthy presenters (especially YouTube one). - Not much change in Android O - TensorFlow everything - Mentioned about 3 Microsoft products (Xbox One, Skype, LinkedIn) - Google Lens is much like Bixby Vision - Standalone VR from HTC and Lenovo (not surprise that they are not making Mixed Reality device on Windows) - Low-cost Android Go Not much excitement, not quite game changer, and I annoyed audiences (a.k.a. fanboys) during livestream. Overall, not bad but not impressive, especially boring speech from Sundar Pichai. 0 11 hours ago Reply Wu Icarus in fact  Lenovo are going to have a MR-headset for MS this summer as acer did. They annocouced last month 0 1 min ago Reply Sardoc Spamfish You guys need to stop insulting the writers like babies and grow the hell up instead. You're acting like someone daring to write anything about non-Win Mobile is blasphemy against your religion or something. Win Mobile is as dead as a doornail, unable to compete with either Android or iOS, and no amount of mental gymnastics will change it. Deal with it already. If you don't want to read the article, you don't have to. Nobody is forcing you to.   You can't blame the users for moving away from WM to actually supported platforms. You can't blame the authors for writing about said supported platforms. At least it's more interesting to read than WM getting nothing but bugfixes, or support for phones being dropped last minute, or apps being discontinued, or the constant rumours about the messiah Surface Phone (with neither a sign of it coming nor a confirmation), or WOA, which once again seems to be tablet-exclusive until explicitly otherwise stated in some distant future, if ever. I'd much rather check if Google has anything interesting to show than this. 0 11 hours ago Reply Skull viper Don't want,don't care,don't need 1 11 hours ago Reply MCcloud88 Not really a Windows related topic :/ 0 1 hour ago Reply Dick S O-Rosary Lol, the comments. Its like the end of Windows as we know it. 0 1 hour ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in | Register Most commented stories • Ryzen Threadripper CPUs will offer 16 cores and 32 threads [113] • Rumor: speedier Vega chip with 16GB of RAM hits CompuBench [74] • Windows 10 on ARM could run x86 apps seamlessly at native speed [44] • AMD's Naples datacenter CPUs will make an Epyc splash  [40] Hot forum threads • Watercooling with an aquarium chiller • 16 Y/o dies from caffeine overdose • It's gonna be EPYC!!!! • Match these speakers to a receiver Google's Cloud TPU is ready for training and inferencing by Wayne Manion  4:13 PM on May 17, 2017 The world of big iron computing seems to be laser-focused on machine learning these days. Whether it's graphics chip makers Nvidia and AMD producing silicon exclusively for machine learning, or search engine Bing using custom FPGAs to accelerate repetitive mathematical operations, every technology company these days seems to have an AI accelerator strategy. Google isn't resting on its laurels, either. At its I/O conference today, the company introduced a second-generation version of its Tensor Processor Unit from a year ago, called the Cloud TPU. The new version pictured below offers up to a claimed 180 TFLOPS of floating-point capability. The search giant didn't say whether that's for FP16 or FP32 math, but given the hardware's focus on machine learning tasks, that figure surely refers to reduced-precision number crunching. For comparison, Nvidia's just-introduced Tesla V100 accelerator leans on dedicated tensor hardware to provide 120 machine-learning TFLOPS. Picture courtesy TR's anonymous Google I/O correspondent The new TPUs can be assembled into what Google calls pods. Each pod contains 64 second-generation TPUs and should be good for an aggregate 11.5 PFLOPS of compute power. The previous TPU was used for inference (execution tasks) only, but Google says the new TPU can be used for both training and inference tasks. As an example, the company says that a training task that required a full day for "32 of the best commercially-available GPUs" can be done in an afternoon on eight of the new TPUs. Google will be selling access to its TPUs through its Google Cloud Compute platform, where virtual machines can be used to group TPUs, Nvidia GPUs, and Intel CPU cores together as required to run the TensorFlow machine-learning framework. Gerbils who have used Shazam to identify a music track recently may have had results provided by a Nvidia GPU that is part of Google's Compute Cloud. While the majority of access to the Cloud Compute platform will be paid, the company will provide access to 1000 TPUs to machine-learning researchers as part of its TensorFlow Research Cloud. Tags: Systems Servers Log in | Register Tip: You can use the A/Z keys to walk threads. View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Threaded, dynamic (default)New replies push comment threads to the top. Threaded, chronologicalComment threads started first appear at the top. Threaded, reverse-chronologicalComment threads started last appear at the top. Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF Cryorig's H7 Quad Lumi CPU cooler is slim, trim, and colorful 2 Google's Cloud TPU is ready for training and inferencing 3 Gigabyte prepares a pair of pint-size Pascal pixel-pushers 4 MSI dispatches a squad of GeForce GT 1030 cards 3 AMD throws some Epyc shade on Xeon-powered servers 15 Spitballing the performance of AMD's Radeon Vega Frontier Edition graphics card 21 EVGA GT 1030 cards arrive in three flavors 9 Corsair T1 Race chair bolsters gamers in their most intense moments 11 Radeon Vega Frontier Edition packs 13 TFLOPS and 16GB of HBM2 33 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS RephRayne Pool cleaners. Or possibly Lifeguards. +43 Chrispy_ You know what name was good? Zen. +41 Kougar Soon to become unobtanium +33 Redocbew Feedback: Attempted to reproduce issue by tossing a random sample of people in t... +30 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
Follow us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter AOL Mail Click to Open Quick Navigation Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Search The Web Search Aol.com Search Business Careers Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate My Portfolios Resources Finance Collective Google will let you search LinkedIn, Monster, Facebook, and more job sites all at once Share Matt Weinberger May 17th 2017 4:41PM Google CEO Sundar Pichai just introduced Google for Jobs — a forthcoming initiative from Google that will let you search for jobs in your area, with listings pulled from sites like LinkedIn, Facebook, and CareerBuilder. When Google for Jobs launches "in the coming weeks," it will act as kind of a mega job-search engine that will let you sort through multiple career sites in one go. "I'm personally enthusiastic for this initiative because it addresses an important need, and perhaps our core competencies as a company," Pichai said on stage at the Google I/O conference in Silicon Valley. To get started with Google for Jobs, you just have to search for something like "retail jobs" in the Google search box. It'll pop up a bunch of job listings in your area. From there, you can sift by date posted, the type of job, experience required, when the job was posted, and job titles. Soon, Pichai says, you'll be able to sort by commute times, too. The idea is to use Google's artificially intelligent systems to classify jobs. As Pichai notes, "retail" can mean anything from sales, to store manager, to shop clerk, so Google is doing pattern matching to get you the exact kind of jobs you're looking for. It combines Google's mission around sorting information, with key AI technologies, Pichai says. It's interesting that Google is taking information from rival tech titans like Facebook and LinkedIn, a Microsoft subsidiary. At the same time, it's a new way for Google to make money by indexing their information, while also providing those same outside companies with a new source of job-seekers to peruse their listings. NOW WATCH: LinkedIn's gorgeous San Francisco offices are unlike anything we've ever seen See Also: I've tested over 100 headphones in the past year, and I keep coming back to this $26 pair 'A major scandal and abuse of power': Bombshell Comey memo could lead to a major escalation in the Trump-FBI saga James Comey created records of 'improper' phone calls and meetings he had with Trump SEE ALSO: Microsoft is finally fixing a notorious Outlook emoji problem that's plagued users for seven years Tags Facebook FB GOOG GOOGL Google LinkedIn MSFT Read Full Story Want more news like this? Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from business news to personal finance tips delivered directly to your inbox daily! Subscribe to our other newsletters Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe any time. Find your dream job Career Search jobs by From Our Partners Neighbors Kept Calling The Cops On This Dog Until His Owners Revealed The Adorable Truth That One Time the Entire Choir Showed up Late to the Explosion Secret Message On This Woman's Gravestone Has The Living Losing Their Minds The Latest from our Partners Pay no interest until July 2018 with this card Rack up unlimited miles with this astonishing credit card An incredible $200 intro bonus just for using this card Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt 2017 Mortgage Rates now at 3.12% APR (15 yr.) Transfer your debt to a card with 0% APR for up to 21 months With CD rates increasing, these banks are competing for your money Learn how you can earn 10x returns in your savings with these banks Compare savings accounts and open a new account today! Owe less than $300k on your home? Don't miss this unique opportunity How to pay down your home in half the time (If you owe less than $625k) Capitol Hill gives homeowners unique bailout The 25 highest-paying jobs in 2017 all pay at least $90,000 15 jobs that will be gone in 10 years Speeding ticket? 15 states where your insurance rate will spike the most Students 'Floored' By Yale Dean's Mean Yelp Reviews SC Home's Mystery Tenant Actually a Genius Man Calls His Date 'Threat to Civilized Society,' Sues Her Recommended For You Lyft is gunning for Delta customers by offering SkyMiles Man claims Siri saved him from dying in an explosion McDonald's just made an unprecedented move that customers are already obsessed with Stocks, dollar sink as investors rethink 'Trump trade' White House says full fiscal 2018 budget to be released on May 23 Report: Majority of military misconduct dismissals linked to brain injury, mental ... 4 misconceptions about Social Security Ford to cut 1,400 white-collar jobs in North America, Asia More to Explore From Our Partners Feds want to settle 'Wolf of Wall Street' fraud case CNNMoney Why WannaCry took down so many businesses CNNMoney President Orrin Hatch? Explaining a viral rumor CNNMoney The super rich aren't selling because of Trump CNNMoney Young travelers CNNMoney Wall Street troubled, not yet panicked over Trump CNNMoney Former Sony CEO's advice for ransomware victims CNNMoney Dollar takes a hit from Trump's latest crisis CNNMoneyBy PubExchange Thu, May 18 °F Set Your Location City, State, or Zip Change weather location Mail Search Sign In / Join My Account Log Out News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Games Video Shop Finance Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile Finance © 2017  AOL Inc. Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from breaking finance news to money-saving tricks delivered directly to your inbox daily! Finance Report Signup Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe at any time. No, I don't want more finance news delivered to my inbox daily
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Software LATEST NEWS GDP numbers likely to be revised higher: Nomura Pakistan hangs four more terrorists convicted by military courts Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Tech Hardware Software Internet ITeS Do Big Stories ET Home›Tech›Software 12:28 PM | 18 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,550-109.12 NIFTY 50 9,470-55.35 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,6256.00 USD/INR 64.340.19 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW What you should care about from Google's I/O conference By Bloomberg | Updated: May 18, 2017, 11.13 AM IST Post a Comment This immediately makes Assistant available to hundreds of millions more people, and it will give Apple loyalists a taste of Google's AI skills. Promote your Business on Economictimes.com for free and reach out to millions of potential Customers List Your Business Find Service Near You During a two hour keynote presentation at its I/O developer conference, Alphabet Inc.'s Google showed off its prowess in the technology world's hottest field: artificial intelligence. From its voice-based digital Assistant to photo sharing and automatic image recognition, AI is everywhere it can possibly be in Google's product portfolio. Here's what you should care about from the event's main stage on day one. Google Assistant is going everywhere: Google talked more about its previously announced Software Development Kit for Google Assistant. It will let third-party device makers inject the conversational technology into devices like dish washers, door locks, and vacuum cleaners. It's also going to be better integrated into TVs and get new skills like order-taking, payments and receipts. You'll also be able to type requests and questions, versus speaking -- which is great for situations where you want to ask Google something private. The Assistant is also coming to your iPhone: It's true. Google Assistant, which has been a key selling point of Google's own in-house Pixel hardware, is now available on Apple Inc.'s smartphone. This immediately makes Assistant available to hundreds of millions more people, and it will give Apple loyalists a taste of Google's AI skills. It'll have to work hard to rival Siri for iPhone users, though, as it can't be activated with the phone's home button. Instead it must be opened by tapping the app icon, so a voice command like "OK Google" won't wake it up either. The Google Home speaker can now take phone calls and stream music over Bluetooth: While Google didn't announce new Google Home speaker hardware, hot on the heels of the Amazon Echo Show, it did debut a few key new software features. One that got a "finally" reaction from some in the crowd: support for Bluetooth music streaming. Now, users of music apps not natively supported by Google Home, such as Apple Music, can stream audio over Bluetooth through the speaker. Another key addition: making hands-free phone calls with your regular cell number from Google Home. Google wants to take VR mainstream with standalone headsets: Facebook Inc.'s Oculus Rift and HTC Corp.'s Vive are cool products. They let you fully immerse yourself in gaming, video, and other forms of entertainment. But there's one key drawback of most modern virtual reality headsets: they require a tethered connection to either a PC or a smartphone. Google wants to change that with a standard set of components and accompanying design for standalone headsets in partnership with Qualcomm Inc.. Google says the first breed of standalone headsets with its underlying VR technology will hit the market later this year from Lenovo Group and HTC. In the meantime, Google's Daydream will be getting a big boost: Google says that it will be getting a pair of key new partners for its existing Daydream VR headset for smartphones: Samsung Electronics Co. and LG Electronics Inc. Samsung will open up its Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus phones to the headset (it already has a partnership with Oculus). LG will enable support in its next flagship smartphone, which is on track to launch later in the year. Google really wants to own digital photo management: Google's already injected AI across its Photos app, and now it's doing more. You'll be able to share libraries with people you choose and the system will use the company's new Lens technology to identify objects and places (similar to Samsung's Bixby). You'll also be able to order physical books of your favorite albums, starting at $9.99. You can now beta test the next major version of Android: It's still unnamed beyond "Android O," but now anyone can download an early beta version of the next major version of the Android operating system to test on compatible smartphones. Android O isn't a groundbreaking release, but it does have some key additions. Picture-in-picture mode will allow smartphone users to be more productive on the go (imagine watching a video while texting about it with a colleague), and battery life will get a boost with some underlying improvements to the software. For those on budgets, Google has some love for you, too: Google is trying again with a version of Android for cheaper devices. This time it's called Android Go, and the apps running on this version of Android are optimized for devices with under 1GB of RAM. It's also prime for those in environments with slow data connections. There'll be a section on the Google Play store for these devices that highlights apps optimized for Android Go. Comments(0)Add Comments What you should care about from Google's I/O conference To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Google warns of email scam that impersonates Google Docs Google launches Solve for India program Coursera collaborates with Google to offer Google Cloud Training courses In battle of digital assistants, Google heads to Apple turf Google rolling out arsenal of services, gadgets READ MORE ONQualcommLenovoiPhoneGoogleAmazonalphabet Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB This Collection Was Made For You Chico's Bal Harbour Shops Has Some Of The Worlds' Most Rare and St.. Bal Harbour Inspire a brighter future with five FREE digital stories. PNCMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES TERI DG Ajay Mathur conferred French distinction Spice conference stresses the need for traceability Google thinks beyond ads at annual developer conference From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Give Your Child Whole Life Insurance—Babyhood to Adultho.. Gerber Life Insurance Company Experience the New Geometry of Sound Engadget | Master & Dynamic PNC Agent View - PNC Agent Alliance PNC The Experiences That Spark Student Creativity Microsoft Hurriyat Conference not against dialogue: Mirwaiz NGT to hold global conference on environmental issues MIT India Conference to build on 'Startup India' initiative Google rolling out arsenal of services, gadgets Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Under new CEO Rajesh Gopinathan, TCS recasts service lines, reshuffles business heads A union for techies is slowly taking shape in Tamil Nadu WhatsApp malfunction affects users across globe IBM calls reports of sacking 5000 employees factually inaccurate If you are techie with 5-15 years experience & based in a small city, this should worry you More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebSRH vs KKR|Cannes Film Festival RERA|Amazon Sale BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Software LATEST NEWS GDP numbers likely to be revised higher: Nomura Pakistan hangs four more terrorists convicted by military courts Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Tech Hardware Software Internet ITeS Do Big Stories ET Home›Tech›Software 12:28 PM | 18 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,550-109.12 NIFTY 50 9,470-55.35 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,6256.00 USD/INR 64.340.19 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Google's voice-activated helpers need more assistance By Bloomberg | Updated: May 18, 2017, 09.00 AM IST Post a Comment But in a technology area Google should dominate, it hasn't captured people's attention and curiosity yet. Promote your Business on Economictimes.com for free and reach out to millions of potential Customers List Your Business Find Service Near You All around us, people are getting habituated to digital helpers, often controlled by their voices. They talk to Apple Inc.'s Siri to transcribe a text message to Mom. Tonight, people will ask their Echo speakers powered by Amazon.com Inc.'s Alexa software to order pizza. Microsoft put its Cortana voice assistant into hundreds of millions of computers. But Google's ubiquity in people's lives hasn't been much of a help in the battlefield for the emerging technology of voice-activated intelligent assistants. Google Assistant The company talked prominently about new features for its virtual helpers at its Google I/O conference, which started Wednesday. Of course, many people are Googling by voice, asking to hear the score of the Mets game, or telling Android Auto to pull up directions in a car. But Google's string of digital butlers -- the latest iteration is the Google Assistant for smartphones and the Google Home voice-activated speakers -- don't feel as if they have quite landed yet. Or they have landed even less than the other voice-activated assistants on the market. Market share for digital helpers isn't available. And the technology is so new that calling winners and losers is silly. But in a technology area Google should dominate, it hasn't captured people's attention and curiosity yet. It's hard to imagine "Saturday Night Live" would make a parody video about Google's voice-controlled digital helpers, the way the TV show did last week about the Amazon Echo speakers. So what is going awry in the campaign to make Google the most loved intelligent assistant in technology? Is Google being too careful? Siri and Amazon's Alexa are annoying but occasionally useful and available in many places. Amazon's digital helper is now spreading into an Alexa app for smartphones, the company's Fire TV streaming-video boxes and now a TV set, to home appliances, cars and more. Siri is hard-wired into the more than 215 million iPhones sold every year, plus Macs, iPads and Apple TV devices. Some of these voice-activated options are ridiculous and pointless, but ubiquity helps with awareness of intelligent assistants. Google's digital buddy is quite good but in fewer places. The company has tiptoed into putting Google Assistant into cars and TVs, but it is most prominent in two spots: A minority of Android phones (more on that below) and in the Google Home speaker. Usually Google is fond of throwing spaghetti at the wall and putting its technology everywhere. The Google search box is inescapable, for example. The company said on Wednesday that Google Assistant was available on more than 100 million devices and that it was pushing the technology into more TVs and appliances. The company is smart to now try to win over people by more aggressively pitching its Assistant in more places. Android is a mess, and the Assistant doesn't have a settled place. The Google Assistant is on the two most recent versions of Android, so it is theoretically built into roughly 38 percent of all Android phones. The problem is that not all Android phones work the same way or give Google technologies the same prominence or ability to access all the apps on the phone. Having a digital butler is only useful if it can notice that flight confirmation email for your coming holiday in Florida, put a reminder on your digital calendar and then suggest a fun restaurant on the beach. Google parent company Alphabet Inc. doesn't always have the ability to be that connective tissue on phones from companies such as Samsung that use Android's operating system but have their own ideas about which Google technologies get a prominent position on their phones. Google Assistant is coming to iPhones, too, but it's a good bet that it won't have free rein over iMessage or other non-Google apps. Does Google need a cutesy name? I personally detest the phenomenon of giving voice-activated assistants female names and identities like Alexa and Cortana. But it has a way of making the technology seem approachable and giving it a coherent brand. The name "Google Assistant" is so very bland. It might be time for Google to get the naming gurus on the case. Arguably, Android got a lift in its early days from a clever name and the "Droid" robot mascot. I will say that too much attention is devoted to which companies are "ahead" or "behind" in emerging areas of technology. If I had written a column five years ago about voice-controlled helpers, I might have written that Microsoft was leading because of its Kinect motion-and-voice controller for its Xbox video game console, TV sets and more. Kinect fizzled out. But something is happening. We are now expecting our technology to think for us a little, rather than be told what to do. Google talked Wednesday about handy tasks its digital butlers will be able to perform, such as buying concert tickets just by pointing a smartphone as a theater marquee. Our assisted future sounds exciting. But by being too few places without a coherent identity, Google Assistant needs some assistance to catch on. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. Comments(0)Add Comments Google's voice-activated helpers need more assistance To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Burger King's ad disabled for hijacking Google Assistant Gupshup, Google partnership to bring 'Actions' on Google Assistant Yuletide cheer! Now, Google Assistant can help you track Santa Disney's Pixar helped in making Google Assistant better: Report READ MORE ONMicrosoftGoogle assistantGoogleAmazonalphabet Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Engage Customers with the Best Omnichannel Strategy UPS This Collection Was Made For You Chico's Bal Harbour Shops Has Some Of The Worlds' Most Rare and St.. Bal HarbourMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Need to simplify ways for online safety: Google India With this Google Tech, you won't need to crawl on desi net Google takes on Siri, launches Assistant for iPhones From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Inspire a brighter future with five FREE digital stories. PNC Give Your Child Whole Life Insurance—Babyhood to Adultho.. Gerber Life Insurance Company PNC Agent View - PNC Agent Alliance PNC The Experiences That Spark Student Creativity Microsoft Exporters to get Freight Assistance For FY 16 in Haryana Japan to assist railways in strengthening safety measures Sebi ties up with Abu Dhabi counterpart for tech assistance Payworld launches Payworld Bazaar for assisted ecommerce Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Under new CEO Rajesh Gopinathan, TCS recasts service lines, reshuffles business heads A union for techies is slowly taking shape in Tamil Nadu WhatsApp malfunction affects users across globe IBM calls reports of sacking 5000 employees factually inaccurate If you are techie with 5-15 years experience & based in a small city, this should worry you More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebSRH vs KKR|Cannes Film Festival RERA|Amazon Sale BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Google Photos get suggested sharing, shared libraries and photo books Google announced three new features for Photos at the I/O 2017 conference that are aimed at making sharing easy. Google Photos is getting suggested sharing, shared albums and photo books. First up, Google Photos is getting suggested sharing that will use machine learning technology to automatically select the right photos, and even suggest who you should send them to based on who was in the photos. For example you if you have few photos of a friend from his birthday party, Google will suggest you to send those photos to that friend. All the sharing activities and suggestions will be seen in a new Sharing tab, which will be rolling out on Android, iOS and web in the coming weeks. Next up, Google is also bringing shared libraries to Google Photos. With Shared Libraries, you can automatically send and receive photos with one other person by giving them access to your full photo library. You can also share only photos of certain people or from a certain date forward. Similarly, when others share their library with you, you can automatically save the photos you want so they also show up in search and in the movies, collages and other fun creations. Finally, photo books will allow you to take a number of your photos and transform them into physical, giftable books. Once you select the photos, Google Photos will find the best shots for you by removing duplicates and poor quality images. Google revealed that more than 500 million people use Google Photos every month, backing up more than 1.2 billion photos and videos per day. Source Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using OnePlus 3T but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on May 18, 2017May 18, 2017Categories apps, Google Post navigation Previous Previous post: IFA Global Press Conference 2017 Summary Next Next post: Google adds Smart Reply to Gmail for Android and iOS Trending Phones OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Google Pixel Honor 6X Apple iPhone 7 Plus Nokia 6 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Google showcases new Visual Positioning Service for Project Tango Android GO experience coming to all entry-level Android devices with 1GB RAM or less in 2018 Android O beta registration goes live, O Developer Preview 2 factory images, OTA now available Google beefs up Android security with Play Protect Google adds Smart Reply to Gmail for Android and iOS Google Photos get suggested sharing, shared libraries and photo books IFA Global Press Conference 2017 Summary HTC VIVE and Lenovo are developing standalone Google Daydream VR Headsets Google Home to get hands-free calling, proactive assistance, Bluetooth streaming and more Google Assistant now lets you type, adds new languages, to get Google Lens visual AI intelligence CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G 5G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Digital Payments Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Google and AppsFlyer Formalize Official Collaboration, Offering Marketers Better App Measurement Capabilities than Ever Before /EINPresswire.com/ — SAN FRANCISCO, CA–(Marketwired – May 17, 2017) – AppsFlyer, the leading mobile attribution and marketing analytics company whose mission is to make the marketing industry more measureable, today announced its formal collaboration with Google as an App Attribution Partner. This measurement integration allows mobile advertisers to set up and run their Google campaigns in just a few effortless steps, making it faster, easier and more seamless for marketers to monitor and improve the performance of their campaigns. AppsFlyer’s integration with Google now empowers marketers with more robust data points and easier configurations as marketers continue to look to AppsFlyer to deliver more reliable and consistent performance data for their activities across a range of Google’s properties. With the formalization of AppsFlyer’s collaboration with Google, players throughout the mobile marketing ecosystem will benefit from a swifter, more straightforward setup, as well as enriched capabilities. Marketers will be able to better optimize their marketing activities, targeting different audiences. The robust integration will feature new data points and a much simpler configuration for clearer reporting, a simplified and unified layout and other enhancements. As an App Attribution Partner, AppsFlyer will offer advertisers many of the latest Google app measurement functionalities as soon as they are available, bringing new innovations to marketers around the world. Google will also be providing a dedicated support team to AppsFlyer for the benefit of advertisers. „The powerful combination of Google’s app marketing channels and AppsFlyer’s tools and advanced analytics gives marketers unprecedented opportunities to maximize their performance,” said Elad Mashiach, VP of Partner Development at AppsFlyer. „By measuring everything — from app installs, engagement, revenue and uninstalls — our collaboration empowers marketers with the insights, tools and reach they need to better understand and optimize their overall performance and omnichannel ROI.” According to the most recent AppsFlyer Performance Index, which ranks the top media sources in mobile advertising and has become a go-to resource for mobile marketers everywhere, Google continues to be a driving force for app marketers globally, across verticals, industries and regions, demonstrating massive scale and delivering quality mobile users. AppsFlyer and Google will continue to innovate together to provide marketers with the best solutions in the market. About AppsFlyer AppsFlyer’s technology is found on 98 percent of the world’s smartphones, making it the global leader in mobile attribution and marketing analytics. Data-driven marketers rely on AppsFlyer for independent measurement solutions and innovative tools to grow their mobile business. AppsFlyer’s platform processes billions of mobile actions every day, empowering mobile marketers and developers to maximize the return on their marketing investments. With AppsFlyer’s NativeTrack™ Attribution, Marketing Analytics Data, OneLink’s Deep linking capabilities and the Active Fraud Suite featuring DeviceRank, AppsFlyer is the go-to resource for the most successful mobile apps in the world. Trusted by Facebook, Google, Twitter, Snap Inc.,Tencent, HBO, Playtika, Waze, Alibaba, Kayak, Activision and 12,000+ other leading brands and partners, AppsFlyer has 12 global offices to support every app marketer around the world. To learn more, visit www.appsflyer.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Just Energy Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year Fiscal 2017 Results Next PostNext BISON Camping Equipment Launches Kickstarter Campaign For Bison Grill Search Recent Posts Global Bearingless Rotor Market Professional Survey 2022 Analysis by Top Players, Regions, Types & Application 2017-2022 Water Analytical Instruments Industry Professional Survey Global Analysis and Forecats Research Report Smart Helmet Market Professional Survey 2017-2022 Review & Forecasts Report Global Sewing and Embroidery Machine Market 2017 Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 2017 to 2022 Global PP Homopolymer Market Research Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google launching Google Play Protect, a new security solution for your Android device By John Hoff - May 17, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter With all the news of malware getting into the Google Play Store masquerading as legit apps, Android’s primary app market needs a boost in security so that consumers can feel safe as they download their apps. At Google I/O 2017, the mothership announced Google Play Protect, a new suite of services that will help secure your Android device with Google Play Services installed. Leveraging heavily on machine learning that scans almost 50 billion apps a day, Google Play Protect is a solution that can identify harmful apps and keeps you from installing them. The beauty of this is that it is embedded into Google Play, so you don’t have to add or install anything to use this. It is always scanning, always updating, and is very visible when you use the Play Store (see image below). And when you lose your device, Google has baked in the “Find my Device” feature, which people used to have a hard time finding when they lose their Android device. It’s not a novel concept, as Apple devices already have this. But now you can pinpoint, ring, lock down or wipe your device, including Android Wear smartwatches, without having to use third-party software to track down the phone you lost. In truth, this system has always been available with Google Play – the announcement at I/O 2017 was an attempt to make this feature more visible, give users a little bit more confidence in using Google Play Services. Security is a big issue in Android, and this goes a long way to keep users secure in their usage of Google’s platform. SOURCE: Google Story Timeline Google hunts down Android malware even when ‘Verify apps’ is disabled Google Play Store 7.8.15 update to add Android Instant Apps Google Play Store refreshes app and notification icons TAGS Android Google Play Protect Google Play Store security John Hoff Must Read HTC U11 Hands-on: squeezing every last measure available BlackBerry KEYone Review Samsung Galaxy S8 Review Community 922.5klikes 476.6kfollowers 85.9kcomments / Free WordPress Plugins and WordPress Themes by Silicon Themes. Join us right now! Latest Devices Amazon Fire HD 8 Kids Edition (2017) Amazon Fire 7 Kids Edition (2017) Amazon Fire HD 8 (2017) About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise RSS Feed © 2008 - 2017 Android Community
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Google Tech Google I/O Watch the Google I/O 2017 keynote in 10 minutes New, 1 comment by Natt Garun@nattgarun May 17, 2017, 11:33pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Google kicked off its three-day developer conference with a two-hour keynote. There were a lot of news and updates, notably to things like the Google Assistant, Google Home, and Google Photos, but if you don’t have 120 minutes to spend watching the entire thing, we’ve recapped the keynote for you in a snackable 10-minute supercut. Then, if you want to dive into more details on each of these news items, see our storystream for everything you may have missed. In this Storystream Google I/O 2017: highlights from the developer conference Watch the Google I/O 2017 keynote in 10 minutes Android O is shaping up to be exactly what Android needs View all 33 stories Next Up In Tech Android O is shaping up to be exactly what Android needs Google Photos for iOS gets Mother's Day movie feature, three days after Mother's Day Saying ‘OK Google’ is awful, but Google may be open to changing it Period-tracking app Clue will tell women what to do if they miss a birth control pill Google is finally replacing its bad emoji blobs in Android O The new Android TV home screen has the right ideas, but it's probably not enough This Article has a component height of 1. The sidebar size is ad. Loading comments... The Latest Kickstarter is launching in Japan later this year by Nick Statt 1 comment / new Android O is shaping up to be exactly what Android needs by Vlad Savov 32 comments / new Google Photos for iOS gets Mother's Day movie feature, three days after Mother's Day by Ashley Carman 18 comments / new Saying ‘OK Google’ is awful, but Google may be open to changing it by Dieter Bohn 34 comments / new The first trailer for Star Trek: Discovery is packed with action and shiny CGI by Andrew Liptak 36 comments / new Period-tracking app Clue will tell women what to do if they miss a birth control pill by Ashley Carman 2 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
_ Macworld Australia MAC iPad iPhone iSnap App Guide Gadget Guide mResell HOME NEWS FEATURES REVIEWS HELP/TIPS BLOGS Mac In Business Communications Productivity Security Workflow FORUM MAGAZINE Digital Subscription Current Issue Back Issues iPhone users can now install the voice-enabled Google Assistant for iOS Oscar Raymundo 18 May, 2017 View more articles fromthe author AAA Comments News The rumors came true: iPhone users will soon be able to tap into the increasingly powerful Google Assistant. Google announced during its I/O developer conference that its voice-enabled Assistant is coming iOS. The Google Assistant app is able to surface information from Gmail, find videos on YouTube, and perform Google searches. In addition, it’s compatible with a bevy of third-party services so you can even get lunch delivered from Panera. Google Assistant for iOS can be installed from the App Store now. “People sometimes ask if the Assistant is just a new way to search,” Scott Huffman, the VP of engineering for the Assistant, said during the I/O keynote. “But beyond finding information users are also asking the Assistant to do all sorts of things for them.” Third-party developers can create custom Actions for the Google Assistant, so that it goes beyond simply tapping into your Google apps on your phone. These Actions will now include controlling connected devices in your house. Google first launched the Assistant as a built-in feature of its Pixel phones, and soon expanded its reach to all Android devices. During I/O, Google also announced that the Assistant will also be available in several new languages, including French, German, Japanese, and Brazilian Portuguese. Google says that Italian, Spanish, and Korean will be added to that list by the end of the year. Why this matters: The Google Assistant for iOS sure sounds like a better voice-enabled assistant. Sorry, Siri. The Assistant is better at understanding conversational queries and contextualizing these requests based on previous information. For example, both Siri and the Assistant know who Amazon’s CEO is (Jeff Bezos), but if you ask them a followup questions, like how much he’s worth, the Assistant will surface a more appropriate answer. Siri still has a lot of advantages for iPhone users, however, including easy access via the Home button and “Hey Siri” hands-free activation. Plus, Apple is slowly opening up Siri to third-party services as well. But it’s being very meticulous about rolling out these type of integrations for the sake of user privacy and security. Which I guess we should be thankful for. Regardless, Apple will certainly feel more pressure to improve Siri now that iPhone users will get to experience the robust capabilities of the Assistant. Related Tags:  Share: Comments Related Posts Random Posts Firefox 9 adds support for Android and Lion Adobe Photoshop CS6 Extended Apple’s peaks and troughs Report: Apple’s iPhone event is 21 March, day before FBI court hearing Jobs health rumor hits Apple stock Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Please keep your comments friendly on the topic. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Comment Advertise with us Related Posts Apple collaborates with rivals to advance AI research Apple has joined rivals as it takes a step ahead to advance research and development of artificial intelligence technologies. After months of collaborating,... Google Calendar finally comes to the iPad Google’s Calendar app is making a long-awaited move to a new device: Apple’s iPad. You read that right: until Wednesday, the tech titan hadn’t... App Guide FotoJet Educe DoTalk Gadget Guide 3SIXT Bluetooth Studio Earbuds Advertise with us Advertise with us Mobile Phone Plans Prev Next Loading... Compare Mobile Phones & Plans Mobile phone plans & deals iPhone plans & deals Apple iPhone models Tablet plans & deals The New iPad plans & deals Guides and Articles Samsung Galaxy Mobile Phone Deals National Broadband Network NBN 12Mbps Plans Broadband Usage Guide Mobile Phone Plans Under $80 iPhone 5, iPhone 4S Deals - Compare Prices Deals powered by WhistleOut Advertise with us Advertise with us Subscribe to eNews Subscribe to RSS Receive our eNews Macworld AU Twitter Macworld AU Facebook Macworld AU Pinterest Macworld AU Fancy Macworld AU Youtube News Features Reviews Help Blogs News FORUM MAC iPad iPhone Play App Guide Gadget Guide MACWORLD AU Australian Macworld Copyright © 2017 Niche Media Pty Ltd. ABN 13 064 613 529 Terms Disclaimer Privacy Contact Sitemap All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Niche Media Pty Ltd is prohibited. Contact us
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Google Lens will change the way your smartphone camera sees the world Jacob Siegal BGR News May 17, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share On Wednesday morning in Mountain View, California, Google has taken the stage for its annual I/O developers conference. The first big announcement of the day comes in the form of Google Lens: a “set of vision-based computing capabilities” that will give Google Assistant the ability to analyze and detect the things that it sees through your smartphone’s camera. Don't Miss: If this OnePlus 5 rumor is true, just buy the Galaxy S8 instead During the keynote address at Google I/O, CEO Sundar Pichai demonstrated how the new feature could be used to identify almost anything. Point the camera at a restaurant and Google Assistant will tell you information about that restaurant. Point the camera at a flower and the Assistant will identify it for you. Point the camera at the Wi-Fi details on the bottom of a router and you’ll be automatically connected to the network. These are just a few of the ways that Google Lens upgrades the Assistant. With Google Lens, your smartphone camera won’t just see what you see, but will also understand what you see to help you take action. #io17 pic.twitter.com/viOmWFjqk1 — Google (@Google) May 17, 2017 As The Verge points out, this isn’t the first time that Google has added exciting new functionality to smartphone cameras. With the Google Translate app, users are able to point their smartphone cameras at text in different languages and see a translation on their screen almost instantaneously. This appears to be a similar technology, but with infinitely more possibilities than translating road signs. According to Google, the Lens feature will be available first for Google Assistant and Photos, but has yet to announce when the feature will actually be available for consumers to try out. Trending right now: Exclusive: The world’s first look at Apple’s final iPhone 8 design in real life Google Wifi is now the best-selling mesh wireless system on Amazon If this OnePlus 5 rumor is true, just buy the Galaxy S8 instead See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Meet this new apple-picking robot Yahoo Tech Another large-scale cyberattack underway: experts AFP Relax News Control your Roomba with just your voice via this new Alexa integration Yahoo Tech Exclusive: The world’s first look at Apple’s final iPhone 8 design in real life BGR News Pogue's Basics: How to create a search-and-replace macro in Word Yahoo Tech We noshed on Nougat, and Android 7.0 is Google’s sweetest update yet Yahoo Tech Google Earth’s new update will take you anywhere in the world Yahoo Tech Mars rover reaches site that scientists still can’t explain BGR News Build your own DIY video game console Yahoo Tech The first flying car is available for pre-order Yahoo Tech Scientists just discovered something incredible about the dinosaur-killer asteroid BGR News
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Microsoft is working on a new file sharing interface for OneDrive, coming this summer 23 minutes ago Netflix's latest update brings Dolby Vision content to the LG G6 39 minutes ago Gmail gets Google Allo-style Smart Reply feature on Android and iOS 3 hours ago Nintendo comes out on top in April selling 280,000 Switch consoles in the US 4 hours ago View all recent news Microsoft is working on a new file sharing interface for OneDrive, coming this summer 16 minutes ago South Park: The Fractured But Whole will arrive almost a year late, on October 17 5 hours ago Microsoft inadvertently reveals clue pointing to new Windows 10 'Control Center' 6 hours ago Air New Zealand considers Microsoft HoloLens to help cabin crew improve passenger service 7 hours ago View all Microsoft news Gmail gets Google Allo-style Smart Reply feature on Android and iOS 3 hours ago Google releases its first preview of Android Studio 3.0 4 hours ago First alleged image of the Lenovo Moto Z2 makes its debut 9 hours ago Android O promises big improvements for boot time, app performance, and device battery life 9 hours ago View all Google news Qualcomm sues Apple's contract manufacturers for withholding royalties 4 hours ago OneNote for iOS receives a major update with a redesigned interface May 17, 2017 Apple is reportedly phasing out the iPad Mini May 16, 2017 New renders derived from a reliable CAD file give us details about Apple's upcoming iPhone May 16, 2017 View all Apple news 360 Total Security 9.0.0.1196 13 hours ago AnyDesk 3.2.4 14 hours ago Opera 45.0.2552.812 15 hours ago FastRawViewer 1.4.1.1122 19 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Ultrabook review: No touchscreen, but has everything else [UPDATED] May 16, 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8+ (Exynos) review May 9, 2017 Moto G5 review: Nougat on a budget May 9, 2017 NOMU S30 review: A rugged smartphone that won't put a huge dent in your hip pocket Apr 24, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials HTC U Ultra unboxing and first impressions Apr 16, 2017 End of the road: Microsoft terminates support for Windows Vista today Apr 11, 2017 HP EliteBook x360 G2 unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 HP Spectre x360 with pen and 4K display unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 View all unboxings ExtraTorrent shuts down permanently 14 hours ago Yahoo Mail app for Windows 10 shutting down next week; users told to switch to web browser [Update] 19 hours ago Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Ultrabook review: No touchscreen, but has everything else [UPDATED] May 16, 2017 Microsoft inadvertently reveals clue pointing to new Windows 10 'Control Center' 6 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get The Crash Course Coding Bundle for just $39 (98% off) via Neowin Deals 18 hours ago Get Disconnect: Lifetime Premium Subscription for just $49 (90% off) via Neowin Deals May 16, 2017 Get this System Administration and Infrastructure Management Bundle for just $41 May 15, 2017 Pay What You Want for this Mobile Cross Platform Development Bundle via Neowin Deals May 12, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Gmail gets Google Allo-style Smart Reply feature on Android and iOS By Shreyas Gandhe News Reporter Neowin LLC @__shreyas · 3 hours ago with 1 comment Earlier today, Google announced that "Smart Reply", a feature already available in the Inbox by Gmail and Google Allo apps, is making its way to the Gmail app for Android and iOS. The app is said to support English language replies initially, with more languages to be added later. Smart Reply is gaining some traction among Inbox by Gmail users with roughly 12 percent of them using it on a regular basis. The feature uses machine learning to suggest appropriate responses to the content in the received mail. Once selected, a chosen response can be sent as-is or edited before sending. According to the Google Research Blog, the generated replies become more personally tailored as the machine learning algorithm takes into account the user's messaging styles when churning out suggestions. The system learns from the suggestions that are selected over time to improve its capabilities. The Smart Reply feature is currently rolling out to the Gmail app for Android and iOS. There is no word on whether it will be coming to the Gmail on the web anytime soon, but it's already available in the web version of Inbox by Gmail. Source and image: Google Tags Google Io 2017 Google io Android Gmail Gmail for android Gmail for ios Smart reply Ios Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Follow @TwitterDev Previous Story Nintendo comes out on top in April selling 280,000 Switch consoles in the US Next Story Netflix's latest update brings Dolby Vision content to the LG G6 Community Activity Refresh Samsung's refurbished Galaxy Note7 could arrive as the Note FE in Front Page News Microsoft's Joe Belfiore: "We're going to continue to support Windows phone" in Front Page News Microsoft is working on a new file sharing interface for OneDrive, coming this summer in Front Page News Android O promises big improvements for boot time, app performance, and device battery life in Front Page News Quick question regarding replacement USB cables for External Hard Drive in Hardware Hangout Is there a PC like Mac in quality & design ? in macOS Support Netflix's latest update brings Dolby Vision content to the LG G6 in Front Page News Air New Zealand considers Microsoft HoloLens to help cabin crew improve passenger service in Front Page News Advertisement Trending Stories ExtraTorrent shuts down permanently 14 hours ago with 19 comments Yahoo Mail app for Windows 10 shutting down next week; users told to switch to web browser [Update] 19 hours ago with 53 comments Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Ultrabook review: No touchscreen, but has everything else [UPDATED] May 16, 2017 with 16 comments Microsoft inadvertently reveals clue pointing to new Windows 10 'Control Center' 6 hours ago with 6 comments Related Stories Google releases its first preview of Android Studio 3.0 4 hours ago Google brings Android to the masses with Android Go 11 hours ago Google's Android O Beta Program is now live for supported devices 13 hours ago Google Assistant is now available on over 100 million devices - and it's coming to iPhones 13 hours ago Show Comments 1 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] deals The Ultimate Python Coding Bundle $428.24 $10.00 98% off VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $39.00 92% off Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert (MCSE): Server Infrastructure $790.00 $47.99 94% off Infinity VPN $499.99 $45.00 91% off Linux Power User Bundle $597.00 $19.00 97% off review Samsung Galaxy S8+ (Exynos) review galaxy review Moto G5 review: Nougat on a budget moto g5 build 2017 View our coverage from the show floor build 2017 Windows 10 build 16193 heads to Insiders in Fast Ring; ISOs also available fall creators update Microsoft's Joe Belfiore: "We're going to continue to support Windows phone" windows 10 mobile Microsoft's Cortana assistant comes to life in working hologram concept cortana VIDEO Andy and Rich tour the Hub at Microsoft Build 2017 build 2017 DISCUSS What did you think of Microsoft's Build 2017 dev conference? discuss AWKWARD MOMENT WhartonBrooks' Windows phone reaches just 3% of funding goal cerulean moment Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Software LATEST NEWS GDP numbers likely to be revised higher: Nomura Pakistan hangs four more terrorists convicted by military courts Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Tech Hardware Software Internet ITeS Do Big Stories ET Home›Tech›Software 12:28 PM | 18 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,550-109.12 NIFTY 50 9,470-55.35 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,6256.00 USD/INR 64.340.19 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Google to bring standalone VR headsets to market this year By Bloomberg | Updated: May 18, 2017, 10.49 AM IST Post a Comment Virtual reality immerses users in an artificial world and initially has been taken up most actively for gaming. Promote your Business on Economictimes.com for free and reach out to millions of potential Customers List Your Business Find Service Near You Alphabet Inc.’s Google plans to push virtual reality to more people by working with hardware partners on standalone headsets. At its I/O developer conference, the company said Wednesday it’s working with Qualcomm Inc. on a sample design so other manufacturers can build headsets that don’t require a connection to a smartphone or high-powered computer. Current VR headsets, including Facebook Inc.’s Oculus Rift and Google’s own Daydream system, require a PC or phone. Google is working on standalone headsets with Lenovo Group Ltd. and HTC Corp., the company said. The headsets are expected to begin hitting the market later this year. The company also will expand its Daydream headset, which was announced last year alongside the Pixel smartphone. Support for the VR system on Samsung Electronics Co.’s new Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus phones will be coming this summer, Google said. LG Electronics Inc.’s next flagship smartphone, expected this fall, will also support the Daydream device, Google said. Virtual reality immerses users in an artificial world and initially has been taken up most actively for gaming. Comments(0)Add Comments Google to bring standalone VR headsets to market this year To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Google warns of email scam that impersonates Google Docs Google launches Solve for India program Coursera collaborates with Google to offer Google Cloud Training courses In battle of digital assistants, Google heads to Apple turf Google rolling out arsenal of services, gadgets READ MORE ONSamsungQualcommLenovo GroupHTCGoogleGalaxyalphabet Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Engage Customers with the Best Omnichannel Strategy UPS Find Out For Yourself If These Are The Most Flattering Jea.. Chico's Bal Harbour Shops Has Some Of The Worlds' Most Rare and St.. Bal HarbourMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES VR headset market reaches $3.4 million in India India a critical market for Google Nexus: David Shapiro Publicis Media to bring two brands to India within a year From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Inspire a brighter future with five FREE digital stories. PNC Give Your Child Whole Life Insurance—Babyhood to Adultho.. Gerber Life Insurance Company PNC Agent View - PNC Agent Alliance PNC The Experiences That Spark Student Creativity Microsoft Acer aims 12.5% share in Indian PC market this year Pakistan markets 5-year US dollar sukuk to fund its budget 3 years of Modi government: It’s a buy call by market mavens Three years of Modi sarkar: Moves made by big market players Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Under new CEO Rajesh Gopinathan, TCS recasts service lines, reshuffles business heads A union for techies is slowly taking shape in Tamil Nadu WhatsApp malfunction affects users across globe IBM calls reports of sacking 5000 employees factually inaccurate If you are techie with 5-15 years experience & based in a small city, this should worry you More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebSRH vs KKR|Cannes Film Festival RERA|Amazon Sale BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Entertainment Video Reviews Find a Product Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login Android O has emoji you'll actually recognize First 'Star Trek: Discovery' trailer points to a fall release Facebook battles clickbait on a post-by-post basis Latest in Gear Microsoft's Template Studio codes your Universal Windows apps for you 1h ago View Android Device Manager has a new name: Find My Device 2h ago View Google speeds up transactions even without Android Pay 4h ago View Android O has emoji you'll actually recognize 4h ago View Image credit: Google save Save share Google speeds up transactions even without Android Pay Any saved card will now work across Android Pay, the Play store and Chrome. Andrew Dalton, @dolftown 4h ago in Internet Comments 320 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Google Another small, but significant update from today's I/O event comes courtesy of the Google Ads and Commerce team this afternoon. According to a blog post, the Google Payments API has been simplified to streamline things for users who might be confused about the difference between their Google Wallet, their Android Pay account and whatever cards they have saved in their browser. Effectively, the new streamlined system makes any credit or debit card saved anywhere in your Google account available for purchases through any merchant or developer using the Google Payments. That means any card you've used to make a purchase on the Play store or saved in Chrome can now work with Android Pay. The API also extends to third party apps and mobile sites, so vendors can accept payment directly from your Google-linked cards, and you can be spared the headache of keying in your card number on a mobile page for the umpteenth time. (You will, of course, have to confirm any payments via fingerprint first.)Besides saving users a couple keystrokes at checkout, the simplified payments also makes it easier for Google Assistant to work its magic and order Panera Bread for lunch without actually asking you to take out your wallet. On the other hand, the ease of use should be taken with a grain of salt: as with all things Google, that level of deep access to your purchase and spending history will likely lead to some eerily specific marketing opportunities or advertisements down the line. For all the latest news and updates from Google I/O 2017, follow along here Source: Google Inside AdWords In this article: androidpay, applenews, gear, google, googlepayments, internet, mobile, services 320 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 1h 1h ago in Personal Computing Microsoft's Template Studio codes your Universal Windows apps for you You provide the framework, then let the wizard handle the rest. By A. Dalton,  1h ago save Save share View 2h 2h ago in Mobile Android Device Manager has a new name: Find My Device Part of the Google Play Protect rollout is a new name for an old feature. By R. Lawler,  2h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in Security NSA would have to disclose its cyber exploit policies under new bill Ideally, before a global ransomware attack. By D. Lumb,  3h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago in Internet Google speeds up transactions even without Android Pay Any saved card will now work across Android Pay, the Play store and Chrome. By A. Dalton,  4h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago in Mobile Android O has emoji you'll actually recognize The days of strange blobs are almost over. By J. Fingas,  4h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Entertainment Gaming Video Podcasts Deals Find a Product Contribute Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google announces Daydream standalone VR headsets with beacon-free position tracking, HTC Vive and Lenovo onboard Jordan Palmer Follow View All Posts 2017/05/17 1:01pm PDTMay 17, 2017 8 Plus 1 on G+ 17 Share on Facebook 36 Share on Twitter Total Shares61 Daydream Google HTC Lenovo News Videos Vive Standalone VR VR has slowed in both improvements and public excitement recently. But that hasn't stopped Google from bettering its Daydream platform, its take on so-called "smartphone VR." Like Samsung's version, Daydream requires a phone to operate. As cool as this was, it led to some issues, notably battery life and heat. During this year's I/O keynote, Google announced the Standalone VR headsets that were rumored yesterday. As the name suggests, these devices won't require a phone to operate. Google is partnering with a few hardware manufacturers to get things started. Qualcomm will provide a reference design for future OEMs to build off of, but HTC Vive (which was previously rumored to be working on a new headset) and Lenovo will also be chiming in initially with their own devices later this year. Standalone has been designed exclusively for VR (and Daydream View wasn't?), down to the displays, optics, and sensors.   Also of VR note was the announcement of WorldSense, a new form of positional tracking for Daydream. Just this morning, we heard that Google had secured the trademark for that name. Now we know what it is: it allows the headset to track precise movements in space without the need for external sensors. This means that your view in the virtual world matches your movement in the real one — à la Tango, but in VR. WorldSense works anywhere that you are, further improving the UX. All of this marks another "platform approach" to VR for Google. From where I'm sitting, Standalone and WorldSense both mark the hopeful beginnings of something great for virtual reality as a whole. Press Release SAN FRANCISCO, May 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- At Google I/O 2017, it was announced that Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated (NASDAQ:QCOM), collaborated with Google to develop a Daydream standalone VR headset reference design powered by the Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 835 VR platform. This advancement in Daydream builds on the earlier work Qualcomm Technologies and Google collaborated on to enable Daydream on smartphone devices. "We are thrilled to once again work with Google and offer a powerful premium Snapdragon experience for devices on the Daydream platform," said Keith Kressin, senior vice president, product management, Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. "Our companies share the same vision: to make it possible for everyone to enjoy rich and immersive VR experiences on a smartphone device or a dedicated VR head-mounted display while being fully mobile, rather than being restricted by cables or limited to predefined rooms setup for outside-in tracking." This is in addition to the Fall 2016 announcement of the Snapdragon 821 and 820 processors supporting Daydream-ready devices. The fruits of this multi-year effort with Google now offer customers choice in Daydream headsets - from smartphone VR to standalone VR. "The Daydream standalone headset reference design created in close partnership with Qualcomm will enable manufacturers to build a whole new category of VR devices," said Clay Bavor, vice president, virtual reality, Google. "These headsets have everything needed for VR, built right into the headset itself and are as easy to use as picking them up. They'll feature WorldSense for positional tracking right out of the box without any external equipment. We're thrilled that headsets will begin to hit shelves later this year." The new Daydream standalone headset reference design includes custom specifications for tracking cameras and other sensors that make the best use of the Tango-based tracking technology Google has placed in the headset. The first of these headsets are expected to hit shelves later this year. Press Release Lenovo and Google Collaborating on Daydream Standalone VR headset Lenovo and Google are coming together again. This time, we’re collaborating on a new immersive virtual reality product that’s designed for everyday consumers. We’ll be giving an early preview of our upcoming Daydream standalone headset. It will be one of the first devices to feature WorldSense™ to allow you to move around and explore virtual environments as if you’re truly there: ducking, weaving and jumping for even more immersive experiences. This product represents our latest effort in collaboration between our companies: You may remember the Lenovo Phab 2 Pro, the world’s first Tango-enabled smartphone, launched in 2016. While the Phab 2 Pro makes a number of smartphone AR experiences possible, this standalone headset is built specifically for immersive VR. What’s a Standalone VR headset? Other similar VR devices require a complex setup that relies on external sensors (standalone headsets have built-in sensors). This standalone headset will streamline the experience: just pick up and play. And this is different from Daydream smartphone-based VR, since WorldSense brings natural movements into your 3D environment. Duck in a game of dodgeball or lunge sideways to evade enemies as they close in on your position. Casual consumers will soon be able to access immersive virtual reality experiences. Developers will now be able to unlock features that most consumers have never experienced before. We’re excited that easy-to-use, fully immersive virtual reality is coming to you very soon. We hope you are too. We’ll promise to share more. If you would like to stay updated on this development, please sign up here for updates. Source: Google, Lenovo, HTC Vive Tags daydream Google HTC io17 io2917 lenovo qualcomm video vive vive standalone VR subscribe ... Previous Story Google Photos is also getting Google Lens integration ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Smart Text Selection automatically highlights the right words at a ... Trending 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Heiro78 looks cool Stephen Sharp "Works with Steam Streaming" Yeah...I didn't hear that either. One can "Daydream" TechGuy22 Also S8 going to be daydream ready too which is amazing since i sold my S7 edge for 400 bucks and bought an S8 plus just last night. i'm excited. i'll keep my daydream headset and pixel :) Andy Yeah Google, whatever. I'll believe it when I see it. Willie Chalmers III I'm just happy Clay Bavor clarified what the news about that was. He's pretty calming to listen to. Follow Android Police 1.49M 469k 144k 115k Latest Deals 1 [Deal Alert] Celebrate the start of Google I/O with 9 temporarily free and 10 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/17 9:09am PDTMay 17, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $50 off the new HTC U11 with promo code 2017/05/17 3:40am PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 10 [Deal Alert] Get 20% off electronics on eBay with promo code 2017/05/16 4:18pm PDTMay 16, 2017 1 [Deal Alert] 23k gold-plated LG Watch Urbane Luxe is just $150 at B&H ($150+ off) 2017/05/15 9:01pm PDTMay 15, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 69 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 274 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 92 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 311 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 18 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 24 7 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/2/17 - 5/8/17) 2017/05/08 12:30pm PDTMay 8, 2017 9 21 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/26/17 - 5/2/17) 2017/05/02 5:43pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 YouTube mobile streaming is open to all, no longer has a subscriber requirement 2017/05/17 5:46pm PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Hands-on] Futurama Worlds of Tomorrow, a clone of a clone 2017/05/17 4:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 25 Any developer can now make Instant Apps for Android 2017/05/17 2:37pm PDTMay 17, 2017 20 The Google Home app now features customizable user-defined shortcuts for Assistant 2017/05/17 2:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 0 Google's education app Expeditions is getting a new AR mode 2017/05/17 1:17pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Blast from the Past 323 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Play Store Pre-Registration] Google Announces Allo, A Smart Messaging App Based On Your Phone Number 2016/05/18 1:15pm PDTMay 18, 2016 94 2 Years Ago Today Google App v4.6 Enables Translucent Status And Navigation Bars For Google Now Screen On Custom Launchers [APK Download] 2015/05/18 1:38pm PDTMay 18, 2015 46 3 Years Ago Today [New App] AllCast Receiver Hits Google Play, Lets You Stream Media To Any Android Device Using AllCast 2014/05/18 11:18pm PDTMay 18, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Release Candidate Rolls Out For The Sony Xperia Tablet Z [Update: Nightlies Too] 2013/05/18 5:36pm PDTMay 18, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Because We May – Coalition Of Game Developers Set To Offer Deep Discounts In Celebration Of Pricing Freedom 2012/05/18 6:20pm PDTMay 18, 2012 2 6 Years Ago Today Rumor: Dell Streak Pro 10-inch Tablet Packing Tegra 2, Keyboard Dock, Weighs As Much As a XOOM? 2011/05/18 8:40am PDTMay 18, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today DataViz Slated to Showcase Documents To Go 3.0 for Android at Google I/O 2010 2010/05/18 7:02pm PDTMay 18, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 104 [Update: Visa confirms, kinda] Android Pay launches seem imminent for Canada and Russia 2017/05/17 9:27am PDTMay 17, 2017 168 [Update: Factory images and OTA files] Android beta registration is back, O Dev Preview 2 rolling out now 2017/05/17 2:44pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 7 Days 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 475 Netflix confirms it is blocking rooted/unlocked devices, app itself is still working (for now) 2017/05/13 3:08pm PDTMay 13, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 30 Days 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 113 queries | 0.456s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Software LATEST NEWS GDP numbers likely to be revised higher: Nomura Pakistan hangs four more terrorists convicted by military courts Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Tech Hardware Software Internet ITeS Do Big Stories ET Home›Tech›Software 12:28 PM | 18 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,550-109.12 NIFTY 50 9,470-55.35 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,6256.00 USD/INR 64.340.19 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Google to offer new AI 'Supercomputer' chip via cloud By Bloomberg | Updated: May 18, 2017, 08.49 AM IST Post a Comment And despite official statements to the contrary, it may also threaten Intel Corp. and Nvidia Corp., the main suppliers of powerful semiconductors that run large processing tasks. Promote your Business on Economictimes.com for free and reach out to millions of potential Customers List Your Business Find Service Near You At the I/O developer conference last year, Google debuted its first chip. The company kept the component mostly for internal artificial intelligence needs. Today, version two arrived -- and Google is selling this one. Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai announced the new chip on Wednesday during a keynote address at the Alphabet Inc. unit’s annual I/O event. Normally, the gathering focuses on mobile software. This year’s spotlight on hardware underscores Pichai’s effort to transform the search giant into an "AI-first" company and a real cloud-computing contender. Companies will be able to purchase the hardware, called Cloud Tensor Processing Units (TPUs), through a Google Cloud service. Google hopes it will quicken the pace of AI advancements. And despite official statements to the contrary, it may also threaten Intel Corp. and Nvidia Corp., the main suppliers of powerful semiconductors that run large processing tasks. "This is basically a supercomputer for machine learning," Urs Hölzle, Google’s veteran technical chief, said. Machine learning, a method for deciphering patterns in reams of data, is behind Google’s recent progress on voice recognition, text translation and search rankings. But the approach cost a lot, and sucked up computing time in Google’s data centers. The latest chip was designed to address these issues, and executives said they saw dramatic improvements after putting the component to work on these internal tasks. Google wouldn’t divulge the chip’s price, what company manufactures it, or when the related cloud service goes on sale. Google still purchases processors from Intel and Nvidia. But by relying more on in-house designs, Google could trim its multi-billion-dollar annual computing bill. Google plans more chips like this, and sees the components as essential for success in the cloud -- a key part of Alphabet’s push to make money beyond digital advertising. Other non-advertising announcements from the conference included new voice-based commerce features for Google’s digital Assistant and physical photo books selling for $9.99 or more. "The field is rapidly evolving," Hölzle said. "For us, it’s very important to advance machine learning for our own purposes and to be the best cloud." During his morning keynote, Pichai also introduced a flurry of machine learning updates for Google products, and unveiled a new web portal housing all of the company’s AI efforts. Google’s cloud business grew by more than 80 percent last year, according to estimates from Synergy Research Group. But Amazon Web Services still has over 40 percent of the public cloud market, and continues to expand at a steady clip. Google is third, according to industry estimates. To gain share, Google is leaning on its AI prowess. The Cloud TPU chip won’t be sold to Dell Inc. and other makers of servers that power traditional corporate data centers. To get the benefits, customers will have to sign up for a Google cloud service and run their software tasks and store their data on Google’s equipment. If companies get on board, Google insists, they can plumb their own data for unseen efficiency gains and profit. AWS and no. 2 player Microsoft Corp., make similar cases. So Google’s pitch stresses performance. A single Cloud TPU device, composed of four chips, is nearly 12,000 times faster than IBM’S Deep Blue supercomputer, the famous chess victor from 1997, Hölzle said. Google is stringing 64 of the devices into "pods" that sit in its data centers. Google unveiled its chip at last year’s I/O conference, so why does it need another? First, the company is going up against rivals that develop and deliver faster processors on an annual cadence. To lock in customers, it must match that pace. In addition, the original chip only worked for "inference," processing data that’s already packaged in mathematical models. It’s akin to compressing large photos into tiny digital formats. For instance, a company could turn an algorithm for voice recognition into an app using inference chips. To create an algorithm from just raw voices, you need lots of data to train AI software. That takes massive computing power, forcing coders to wait days or weeks to see results. Google’s second chip speeds up the training process. In internal tests, it cut the time in half compared to commercially available graphic processing units, known as GPUs. Nvidia, the dominant GPU manufacturer, recently announced a new chip, called Volta, that handles training data like Google’s Cloud TPU. An eight-chip Volta module will sell for $149,000 starting in the third quarter. Google is less experienced at selling chips, so it’s being cautious about commercial deployment. "When you have something that’s really new, some of the tools occasionally break. You want to reach a certain level of maturity," Hölzle said. "We’re probably going to have a lot more demand than we can satisfy." Excessive demand inspired the creation of TPUs in the first place, according to company lore. Six years ago, Google saw an uptick in voice searches on phones. Just three minutes of conversation a day, per Android phone user, would have doubled the number of data centers Google needed, based on its technology at the time. TPUs were designed to handle the extra volume more efficiently. The second-generation chip accelerated Google’s own research. For its translation efforts, Google previously ignored more than eighty percent of its data at the training stage, according to Jeff Dean, who leads a Google AI research unit called Brain. With its new chip, they can use all the information. That means better trained and potentially more accurate AI software. The new chip may let researchers use image data that currently sits unused because of high computing costs, according to Fei-Fei Li, an AI expert who runs a machine learning group inside Google’s Cloud business division. Image classification is one of the machine learning tools Li’s team is offering cloud clients, and the new chip will make this more accessible and usable. EBay Inc. used Google’s cloud to develop ShopBot software that identifies items snapped on smartphone cameras. Today’s image-recognition systems have around ten percent accuracy, said R.J. Pittman, EBay’s Chief Product Officer. The new Cloud TPU, which EBay has not yet tested, could eventually increase accuracy to more than 90 percent, he added. Companies like EBay want AI to tag every physical good in existence. Li imagines businesses that may want to map every square inch on earth or each minute part of a human cell. Amazon and Microsoft have their own AI-powered cloud services too though, and both have committed to buy Nvidia’s Volta chips. "Nvidia is not standing still," said Pittman from EBay, which also buys Nvidia GPUs. Hölzle dismissed a direct rivalry. Nvidia’s chips are built for more general-purpose tasks, he said, while Google’s focus solely on machine learning. That won’t calm Intel and Nvidia investors, who worry about in-house chipmaking efforts by their largest customers -- data center operators like Google. Analysts are concerned that revenue and profitability at the two companies, both at historically high levels, may be dented. Even if Google doesn’t succeed in commercializing its own chips, it’s in a better position to negotiate on price. Google isn’t restricting cloud customers to its own chips. It has Intel and Nvidia processors running inside its data centers. Google’s pushing a Lego-like model -- corporate customers can chose their combination of software and hardware, and rent storage and computing power by the minute. It has to be flexible if it’s going to catch AWS and Microsoft. "Down the road, we make actually pick the hardware for you that minimizes your cost or maximizes your turnaround time or whatever you tell us is important to you," Hölzle said. "It becomes invisible to you." Comments(0)Add Comments Google to offer new AI 'Supercomputer' chip via cloud To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Google warns of email scam that impersonates Google Docs Google launches Solve for India program Coursera collaborates with Google to offer Google Cloud Training courses In battle of digital assistants, Google heads to Apple turf Google rolling out arsenal of services, gadgets READ MORE ONSundar PichaiMicrosoftGoogleDellAmazonadvertising Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Find a State Farm® agent near you! State Farm Insurance Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell Developers Earn profits with this unique investment option Property ShareMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Raymond to replace 10,000 jobs with robots in next 3 years 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Software Technology Parks of India to be set up in Odisha From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Inspire a brighter future with five FREE digital stories. PNC Start Your Child's Life Right with This Gerber Life insura.. Gerber Life Insurance Company PNC Agent View - PNC Agent Alliance PNC The Experiences That Spark Student Creativity Microsoft ESDS Software expects to triple revenue next year Gems and jewellery trade ready with GST software The Latest: Mueller accepts responsibility for Russia probe Fifteen stocks in focus on Thursday, 18 May 2017 Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Under new CEO Rajesh Gopinathan, TCS recasts service lines, reshuffles business heads A union for techies is slowly taking shape in Tamil Nadu WhatsApp malfunction affects users across globe IBM calls reports of sacking 5000 employees factually inaccurate If you are techie with 5-15 years experience & based in a small city, this should worry you More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebSRH vs KKR|Cannes Film Festival RERA|Amazon Sale BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Mobify Launches Accelerated Mobile Pages for Commerce, Delivers Fastest-Loading Ecommerce Beauty Site /EINPresswire.com/ — VANCOUVER, BC–(Marketwired – May 17, 2017) – Mobify®, the #1 provider of Progressive Web Apps (PWAs) for ecommerce, today announced early-access availability of Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) for customers of the Mobify Platform. Mobify has launched AMP for commerce pages with existing customer Lancôme. Early results show a four times faster load time for AMP pages — from 4 seconds down to 1 second. A new strategic partner case study launched today by Google details Lancôme’s Mobify-developed approach to delivering a high-conversion, app-like experiences on the mobile web.  „What Mobify has done is magic,” says Lancôme Vice President of Digital Marketing & Ecommerce Malik Abu-Ghazaleh. „With our internal mobile benchmarks showing that our site is even faster than Amazon, we’re confident shoppers discovering products from search engines are now getting the best possible first impression from our site.” With studies continuing to show the correlation between mobile website speed and conversion rates, the Mobify Platform leverages the two latest technologies for speed — AMP and PWA — combining them with optimization best-practices to achieve the fastest speeds available on the market. Mobify has already seen PWAs deliver mobile web speeds up to four times faster than adaptive or responsive web approaches. AMP for commerce extends speed even further by enabling pages to load almost instantly from search results. „Most retailers are struggling with flat or declining organic search traffic,” explains Mobify Chief Product Officer Peter McLachlan. „AMP turns the tide by promoting results for organic search terms to the top of the search engine result page.” Mobile shoppers clicking through from Google search typically experience slow initial page load times, causing customer drop-off before the page even loads. With AMP for commerce, versions of a website’s common landing pages are cached on Google’s servers, allowing those pages to be previewed directly in search results and load instantaneously. The Mobify approach to PWAs allows retailers to launch AMP variations of common landing pages with minimal effort, so that shoppers discovering products from search engines receive the best first impression when interacting with their brand. Lancôme’s mobile site takes advantage of Mobify’s unique approach to making mobile shopping friction-free. The new Lancôme site is a finalist in the Mobile Commerce category for the Internet Retailer Excellence Awards being held June 7 at the Internet Retailer Conference & Exhibition in Chicago. Additionally, Mobify is showcasing Lancôme’s site, along with the new Mobify Connector for Salesforce Commerce Cloud, at the Salesforce XChange conference in Las Vegas May 16-17. The conference will feature a presentation, The Beauty is in the Details: Lancôme’s High-Converting Mobile Commerce Strategy with Lancôme’s Abu-Ghazaleh and Mobify’s McLachlan. Available Immediately AMP is included as a new feature of the Mobify Platform. Core components include an AMP user interface kit containing best practices for ecommerce AMP-compliant designs, together with the Mobify software developer kit (SDK) for adding AMP pages to any PWA. A pre-built AMP component library and integration with ecommerce backends speeds time to market, while AMP analytics allow for tracking bounces, click-throughs, and conversions. With Mobify AMP-enabled PWAs, retailers can: Grow organic traffic by 10-20% with retail’s fastest loading landing pages, along with the speediest site navigations and smoothest paths to checkout Leverage design and implementation best practices based on the performance of major global brands experiencing high conversion rates from mobile Lower costs of development and maintenance to power rapid mobile innovation Mobify’s AMP solution for commerce joins other built-in solutions that make Mobify the most experienced vendor in creating seamless customer journeys, including Web Push Notifications for commerce and payment technologies such as Apple Pay and Google’s Payment Request API. Mobify’s recently launched Mobify Connector for Salesforce Commerce Cloud is also a built-in component of the Mobify approach, offering ecommerce customers a fast path to upgrading their sites to high-converting Progressive Web Apps. For more recent news about Mobify, visit: About Mobify Mobify is the #1 provider of Progressive Web Apps for ecommerce for retailers and brands that want to close the gap between desktop and mobile conversion rates, keep up with customer expectations and win loyal customer relationships. The Mobify Platform delivers a unified customer experience across mobile web and apps, while building customer relationships through push notifications and store drivers. Leading global brands including Lancôme, Crabtree & Evelyn, Paula’s Choice, Carnival Cruise Line, London Drugs, Burlington, PureFormulas, Superdry, Columbia, eXtra Electronics, and ThinkGeek generate extensive revenue through the Mobify Platform and rely on Mobify to grow their customer lifetime value. www.mobify.com Mobify® is a registered trademark of Mobify. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Onex to Host Annual Investor Day Next PostNext Cisco Reports Third Quarter Earnings Search Recent Posts Automotive Audio and Infotainment Market Global Analysis and Forecast 2017-2021 Fujitsu Develops Technology to Partition, Visualize Complex Business Application Structures by Function 2017 to 2022 Global Polybutylene Terephthalate (PBT) Market Research Analysis Report Equinox IT appointed Government Web Services Panel member Veeam Brings Powerful Innovations Designed to Deliver Seamless Digital Life Experience Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Software LATEST NEWS Pakistan hangs four more terrorists convicted by military courts Church Street awaits redemption as endless traffic delays work Sharad Pawar declines Sonia Gandhi's offer to be presidential candidate: NCP Anil Dave - A man passionate about river conservation ICJ to decide fate of Kulbhushan Jadhav today: All about India and Pakistan's big international face-off White House knew sacked adviser was under investigation: Report Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Tech Hardware Software Internet ITeS Do Big Stories ET Home›Tech›Software 12:03 PM | 18 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,549-109.33 NIFTY 50 9,472-53.95 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,6289.00 USD/INR 64.350.19 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Google thinks beyond ads at annual developer conference By Bloomberg | Updated: May 18, 2017, 10.46 AM IST Post a Comment Google got 87 percent of first-quarter revenue from ads, compared to almost 90 percent a year earlier. Google’s ad businesses keep growing. Promote your Business on Economictimes.com for free and reach out to millions of potential Customers List Your Business Find Service Near You Google has been trying to move beyond advertising for some time, with mixed results. At its annual I/O developer conference this year, the company multiplied efforts to make money in different ways. Google rarely mentions ads during its annual developer show. But products unveiled at past events usually fed that business, either directly or indirectly. This year, the most-important innovations support, or hint at, different revenue streams. Google got 87 percent of first-quarter revenue from ads, compared to almost 90 percent a year earlier. Google’s ad businesses keep growing, so its other revenue sources have to expand even faster. The first news Google Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai shared during his keynote on Wednesday was one of the company’s first chips designed in-house. A few years ago, that would have been used to improve online search results and generate more revenue from the text-based search ads that have been the company’s lifeblood. Instead, Pichai said the component will underpin new cloud-computing services that other companies will pay to rent. He also highlighted Google’s digital Assistant, saying the voice-based service is increasingly influencing how the company designs its search service. Later in the day, another Google executive, Valerie Nygaard, unveiled new features that let users order and pay for food and other items through the Assistant. That gives Google the chance to make money by taking a small cut of future voice-based transactions, rather than just relying on new types of ads. Indeed, Pichai said in a recent earnings conference call that business models for the Assistant "will be different than what we have today." The company’s popular Photos app got its first revenue-generating feature at the event, and it also has nothing to do with ads. Users will be able to order physical books of their favorite albums, starting at $9.99. Alphabet Inc.’s Google is pursuing different business models, in part because it has become so dominant in digital ads. That limits future growth opportunities. Online ads are prone to blocking technology, and can also be more sensitive to economic cycles than subscription offerings like cloud services. Looming over these initiatives is Amazon.com Inc., which is grabbing more lucrative shopping searches from Google and is more experienced generating revenue from non-advertising businesses like e-commerce and cloud services. Amazon is a particularly potent rival in the emerging voice-based commerce business. The company’s Alexa digital assistant is already taking orders though Amazon Echo speakers. It also has existing digital payments systems, a network of warehouses and multiple delivery options to get purchased goods to shoppers. Google wasn’t built on an e-commerce foundation, Michael Facemire, an analyst at Forrester Research said. "That holds them back." Comments(0)Add Comments Google thinks beyond ads at annual developer conference To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Google warns of email scam that impersonates Google Docs Google launches Solve for India program Coursera collaborates with Google to offer Google Cloud Training courses In battle of digital assistants, Google heads to Apple turf Google rolling out arsenal of services, gadgets READ MORE ONSundar PichaiGoogleAmazonalphabetadvertising Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Engage Customers with the Best Omnichannel Strategy UPS Linen You'll Love At First Sight (We Promise) Chico's Find All The Accessories You'll Need To Own At Bal Harbou.. Bal HarbourMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Google gains billions in value as YouTube drives ad growth India will develop when villages develop, says Kiren Rijiju The great jobs drought beyond software services From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Inspire a brighter future with five FREE digital stories. PNC Start Your Child's Life Right with This Gerber Life insura.. Gerber Life Insurance Company PNC Agent View - PNC Agent Alliance PNC The Experiences That Spark Student Creativity Microsoft Crude oil beyond $55 may hit Indian equities The great jobs drought beyond software services RSS to hold annual meeting for first time in J&K Government gives final chance to NGOs to file annual returns Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Under new CEO Rajesh Gopinathan, TCS recasts service lines, reshuffles business heads A union for techies is slowly taking shape in Tamil Nadu IBM calls reports of sacking 5000 employees factually inaccurate View: India needs to rethink strategy for the IT sector If you are techie with 5-15 years experience & based in a small city, this should worry you More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebSRH vs KKR|Cannes Film Festival RERA|Amazon Sale BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars DEV I/O 2017: Everything coming to Google Assistant Khari Johnson@kharijohnson May 17, 2017 8:06 PM Above: Scott Huffman, vice president of engineering for Google Assistant, describes how the service can be used on mobile phones at Google I/O on May 17, 2017. Today was hands-down the biggest day in updates and changes to Google Assistant since the intelligent assistant was announced a year ago. Here are the Assistant updates on the way that we’ve spotted thus far at I/O, from free Google Home phone calls and a standalone Google Assistant iPhone app to an App Directory and payments for Google Assistant voice apps. Google Assistant now on 100 million devices That number is likely to rise as Google Assistant becomes available later on Android phones in Portuguese, Japanese, German, and French. In addition to being available on Pixel smartphones and Google Home, Google Assistant came to iPhones today and Android phones earlier this year. Google Assistant launches App Directory The Google Assistant App Directory will showcase apps that interact with the Google Assistant. “Users can access the app directory with a single tap from the Google Assistant,” said Google Assistant product manager Brad Abrams. “It not only has categories, user ratings, it also allows users to try your app right from the directory.” Users can also create their own shortcuts to apps. Since the Action on Google platform opened to developers last December, roughly 250 Google Assistant actions have been created by third party developers. At F8 for Facebook and Build for Microsoft in recent weeks, both have taken steps to emphasize the need to improve bot discovery and create new ways to find bots. “Improving discoverability is important to all of us and you can expect ongoing investments and improvements in this area,” Abrams said. Google Assistant app for iPhone A standalone Google Assistant app will rolled out for the iPhone, Google announced today. Until now, Google Assistant has been available through the Allo chat app. Google Assistant was made available for Android devices with Marshmallow or Nougat installed in February. Altogether Google Assistant can now be found in 100 million devices. Google Home phone calls and push notifications Google Home devices will be getting the ability to make free phone calls within the United States. In the past week, Microsoft and Amazon had declared intentions to bring calls to their smart speaker devices for Alexa and Cortana. “You can call any landline or mobile phone in the U.S. or Canada completely free and it’s all done in a hands-free way,” said Google Home VP Rishi Chandra. Few details were offered about push notifications. Add events to calendar and type messages to Google Assistant Google Home can now add events to your calendar and type messages directly to Google Assistant instead of always needing to talk. Both these features were requested by users almost immediately after Google Assistant on Google Home became available last fall. Visual responses from Google Assistant on TV with Chromecast The ability to for Google Assistant searches to generate visual responses, Abrams said, will allow developers to “build apps for entirely new Assistant use cases, things that previously weren’t well suited to have voice-only interface, such as shopping for clothes or ordering food from a lengthy menu.” This new feature is expected out later this year. The Actions on Google platform for the creation of voice apps will be available outside the United States later this year in France, Canada, Australia, Germany and Japan. Google Lens for computer vision in the world Virtually all emphasis for Google Assistant in its first year was on voice as an interface, but with the new Lens service launch today, Google will bring computer vision to its assistant. Open the camera with Google Assistant and point at a business, flower, or object, and Lens will attempt to identify what it’s looking at. When held up to a theatre marquee during the keynote for example, Lens on Google Assistant was able to recognize the words on the marquee, then tell you how to buy a ticket or add the event to your calendar. If you take a screenshot of a phone number, just tap it inside Google Assistant to make a call. Lens will  be available initially for Google Assistant and Google Photos, and will be integrated into other Google products in the future. Google Assistant actions for Android and iPhone Until today, Google Assistant actions could only be interacted with on Google Home. As was mentioned earlier, the Google Assistant third party ecosystem of voice apps is still relatively new, with roughly 250 actions. That’s a far cry from the more than 13,000 in the Alexa Skills Store. All devices that use the Google Assistant software development kit (SDK) will be able to speak with Google Assistant actions in the future, Abrams said. Native payments for Google Assistant actions During the developer keynote address Wednesday, Abrams said, “For payments you can choose to use Google facilitated payments which are easy to integrate, allow you to leverage hundreds of millions of cards that users have already stored with Google and are available to developers for free, or you can choose to use a payment method that users have already provided you.” Payments on Google Assistant will have a dedicated area to allow users to track orders, modify an order, or place a new order. Google is getting smarter News was made in both speech recognition and tensor processing units today, two things to do with Google Assistant’s AI smarts. TPUs have facilitated AI at Google for a range of services from search queries to the new smart reply  The second-generation tensor processing unit, or the Cloud TPU, will reduce the amount of time necessary to train or run AI models from weeks to a matter of days or hours, AI leaders at Google said. The word error rate for speech recognition systems continue to improve, as Google’s speech recognition now enjoys a 4.9 percent error rate. That’s below the historical lows Microsoft reported last year. Software development kit partners A series of companies who intend to use the software development kit to place Google Assistant in their devices were briefly mentioned during the keynote address Wednesday. Take a look at the slide below and you may seem some new names of companies who intend to create their own devices with Google Assistant inside. The Google Assistant SDK was made available to developers for the first time last month. Above: Google Assistant software development kit (SDK) partners Smart home control for LG and GE appliances LG Electronics and GE Appliances can now be controlled by Google Assistant. The two join dozens of smart appliance offerings made available through Google Assistant. Integrations for August Home Lock, LIFX smart lightbulbs, and other popular smart home appliances were added in March. VB Recommendations Microsoft releases new Windows 10 preview with more My People features, only broadcast game audio option I/O 2017: Everything coming to Google Assistant AR/VR Weekly: Keep your stinkin’ corporate hands off the metaverse
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Google Android OS installed on 2 bn active devices Google Android OS installed on 2 bn active devices Source : Last Updated: Thu, May 18, 2017 08:20 hrs San Francisco, May 18 (IANS) Google's Android operating system has reached a milestone by powering 2 billion monthly active devices around the world, the company said. Google's vice president of engineering Dave Burke that Android has "the largest reach of any computing platform of its kind", Xinhua reported on Thursday. Based on the Linux kernel and designed primarily for touchscreen mobile devices, Android was first unveiled in 2007. It is now the operating system, namely the software platform that manages hardware and software , including applications, or apps, for more than 80 per cent of the world's smartphones. With its latest version released in August 2016, Android has been claimed by Google officials to be "across all screens:" watches, cars, television sets, Internet of Things (IoTs) and chromebooks, a class of low-coast laptop computers comprising nearly 60 per cent of laptops sold to K-12 schools in the US. Promising to make Android "even more useful," Burke announced a beta release of the operation system's newest version, Android O. Its formal release is scheduled for "later this year." Google also said its voice-powered digital assistant, known as Google Assistant, is available on Apple's iPhones starting immediately, in addition to its availability on more than 100 million devices. --IANS qd/ SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features In Pictures: Modi In Lanka Soldiers vs Stone Pelters Pakistan's betrayal hurts 56" Pakistan's BAT! Supreme Court vs Justice Karnan About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google Assistant expands to more devices and countries, also coming to iPhones By Rei Padla - May 17, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter The Google Assistant, has no doubt, overtaken Siri and Cortana. Its closest rival right now is Alexa but Google definitely has an advantage. Google knows it is smarter and we’ve proven time and again more especially when the Google Home was launched. The voice assistant can also be found in other devices and is currently being integrated with a number of products and services. Even Android Wear is about to get cozy with the Google Assistant. Google Assistant is more than just a smart voice assistant. Sure, it helps answer your questions and presents search results but it can also do more like check your calendar, add reminders, manage smart home devices from different brands (LG, Logitech, Honeywell, TP-Link, or August locks), call hands-free, stream your playlist or play videos, or enjoy Chromecast. Just say “Ok Google, blah blah blah” and the Google Assistant will do the work for you. Of course, you still need to follow specific commands so it will understand what you are saying. More streaming video partners have been added like Netflix, HGTV, CBS All Access, and HBO NOW. When it comes to music, there’s Spotify, Deezer, and Soundcloud. For the developers, you can make your own conversational apps for the voice assistant. Soon, we’ll be able to enjoy more third party apps and service integrations. The Assistant is also made smarter and more natural. It learns more as time goes buy and as many requests are being sent improve the conversation. It will also work with Google Lens so it can learn more about your surroundings. Even if you don’t have Google Home, you can use Google Assistant on your smartphones. Google announced that it is already available in over 100 million of Android devices worldwide. Even outside the Android community, people can enjoy the Google Assistant as it is coming to iPhones, as well as, to more countries like Canada, Australia, France, Japan, and Germany. This means the Google Assistant may replace the darling of iPhones. Siri better watch out. SOURCE: The Keyword (Google) Story Timeline Ask Google Assistant anything from your desktop PC, AutoVoice for Chrome makes it happen Google Assistant in Allo now has support for French, Spanish iDevices Connected Home Products now compatible with Google Assistant Google Assistant may be coming to iOS soon Google Assistant finally lets you type to chat, gets Lens TAGS Android Google Google Assistant Google Home Google IO Rei Padla Must Read HTC U11 Hands-on: squeezing every last measure available BlackBerry KEYone Review Samsung Galaxy S8 Review Community 922.5klikes 476.6kfollowers 85.9kcomments / Free WordPress Plugins and WordPress Themes by Silicon Themes. Join us right now! Latest Devices Amazon Fire HD 8 Kids Edition (2017) Amazon Fire 7 Kids Edition (2017) Amazon Fire HD 8 (2017) About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise RSS Feed © 2008 - 2017 Android Community
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Google Thinks Beyond Ads at Annual Developer Conference by Mark Bergen @mhbergen More stories by Mark Bergen May 17, 2017, 8:23 PM EDT Company’s digital Assistant embraces voice-based ordering A new chip feeds its cloud service, not the search business Sundar Pichai at the Google I/O Annual Developers Conference on May 17. Photographer: Michael Short/Bloomberg Google has been trying to move beyond advertising for some time, with mixed results. At its annual I/O developer conference this year, the company multiplied efforts to make money in different ways. Google rarely mentions ads during its annual developer show. But products unveiled at past events usually fed that business, either directly or indirectly. This year, the most-important innovations support, or hint at, different revenue streams. Google got 87 percent of first-quarter revenue from ads, compared to almost 90 percent a year earlier. Google’s ad businesses keep growing, so its other revenue sources have to expand even faster. Scott Huffman, Google’s vice president of engineering, explains how Google is improving AI. Source: Bloomberg The first news Google Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai shared during his keynote on Wednesday was one of the company’s first chips designed in-house. A few years ago, that would have been used to improve online search results and generate more revenue from the text-based search ads that have been the company’s lifeblood. Instead, Pichai said the component will underpin new cloud-computing services that other companies will pay to rent. He also highlighted Google’s digital Assistant, saying the voice-based service is increasingly influencing how the company designs its search service. Later in the day, another Google executive, Valerie Nygaard, unveiled new features that let users order and pay for food and other items through the Assistant. That gives Google the chance to make money by taking a small cut of future voice-based transactions, rather than just relying on new types of ads. Indeed, Pichai said in a recent earnings conference call that business models for the Assistant "will be different than what we have today." Sundar Pichai at the Google I/O Annual Developers Conference on May 17. Photographer: Michael Short/Bloomberg The company’s popular Photos app got its first revenue-generating feature at the event, and it also has nothing to do with ads. Users will be able to order physical books of their favorite albums, starting at $9.99. Alphabet Inc.’s Google is pursuing different business models, in part because it has become so dominant in digital ads. That limits future growth opportunities. Online ads are prone to blocking technology, and can also be more sensitive to economic cycles than subscription offerings like cloud services. Looming over these initiatives is Amazon.com Inc., which is grabbing more lucrative shopping searches from Google and is more experienced generating revenue from non-advertising businesses like e-commerce and cloud services.  Amazon is a particularly potent rival in the emerging voice-based commerce business. The company’s Alexa digital assistant is already taking orders though Amazon Echo speakers. It also has existing digital payments systems, a network of warehouses and multiple delivery options to get purchased goods to shoppers.  Google wasn’t built on an e-commerce foundation, Michael Facemire, an analyst at Forrester Research said. "That holds them back." Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read World's 500 Richest People Lose $35 Billion From Trump Turmoil Dow Falls 370 Points, Bonds Rally on Trump Turmoil: Markets Wrap Here's How Markets Are Reacting to the Trump-Comey Turmoil The U.S. Army Wants to Replace Its Helicopters With These Wall Street Wonders What’s Next After Trump Jolts Markets Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google will let you search LinkedIn, Monster, Facebook, and more job sites all at once Matt Weinberger May 17, 2017, 3:22 PM 7,613 facebook linkedin twitter email print A preview of Google for Jobs. Screenshot/Google Google CEO Sundar Pichai just introduced Google for Jobs — a forthcoming initiative from Google that will let you search for jobs in your area, with listings pulled from sites like LinkedIn, Facebook, and CareerBuilder. When Google for Jobs launches "in the coming weeks," it will act as kind of a mega job-search engine that will let you sort through multiple career sites in one go. "I'm personally enthusiastic for this initiative because it addresses an important need, and perhaps our core competencies as a company," Pichai said on stage at the Google I/O conference in Silicon Valley. To get started with Google for Jobs, you just have to search for something like "retail jobs" in the Google search box. It'll pop up a bunch of job listings in your area. From there, you can sift by date posted, the type of job, experience required, when the job was posted, and job titles. Soon, Pichai says, you'll be able to sort by commute times, too. The idea is to use Google's artificially intelligent systems to classify jobs. As Pichai notes, "retail" can mean anything from sales, to store manager, to shop clerk, so Google is doing pattern matching to get you the exact kind of jobs you're looking for.  It combines Google's mission around sorting information, with key AI technologies, Pichai says. It's interesting that Google is taking information from rival tech titans like Facebook and LinkedIn, a Microsoft subsidiary. At the same time, it's a new way for Google to make money by indexing their information, while also providing those same outside companies with a new source of job-seekers to peruse their listings. Get the latest Google stock price here. SEE ALSO: Microsoft is finally fixing a notorious Outlook emoji problem that's plagued users for seven years NOW WATCH: LinkedIn's gorgeous San Francisco offices are unlike anything we've ever seen Loading video... More: Google Facebook LinkedIn facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google will let you search LinkedIn, Monster, Facebook, and more job sites all at once Google will let you search LinkedIn, Monster, Facebook, and more job sites all at once Google CEO Sundar Pichai just... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Enterprise Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. Here's everything Google announced at its big I/O conference Julie Bort and Steve Kovach May 17, 2017, 6:03 PM 276,976 facebook linkedin twitter email print Google CEO Sundar Pichai on stage at the 2017 I/O conferenceGoogle On Wednesday, Google kicked off it annual conference for developers. Google CEO Sundar Pichai and a succession of company execs took the stage to talk up the latest milestones and to unveil new and upcoming products. Among the new goodies: updates to Android, Google Home, Google Assistant and YouTube. As well as nifty new services like Google Lens, which uses your smarpthone's camera to identify objects in the real world.  And Google highlighted the expansive reach of its platform, with its Android operating system now installed on 2 billion devices.  Here's all the new stuff Google unveiled at I/O 2017:   View As: One Page Slides Google is rolling out "Smart Reply" to over 1 billion users of Gmail on Android and iOS. The feature uses Google's machine learning capabilities to respond to emails for you. Google Google Lens is an impressive technology that allows your phone to recognize objects in the real world and take helpful actions. Point your phone at a WiFi router, for example, and Lens will show you the right password. Point your phone at a restaurant on the street and Lens finds online info about the restaurant. Lens isn't a standalone app, but rather a technology that will be baked into other Google apps, starting with Google Photos this summer. Google Read more about Google Lens here. By the way, Pinterest trolled Google I/O on Twitter over the announcement of Google Lens. Pinterest has already released its own app, called Pinterest Lens, which does a similar thing. Twitter/Pinterest Lens AI and machine learning is a big focus for Google. It announced "Cloud TPU" which is a cloud service for training machine learning apps. It is essentially a very fast, very big computer that app developers can rent as a cloud service. Google Autodraw. This is an "AI experiment" tool that was released a couple of weeks ago. It helps you learn to draw by automatically guessing what you sketched and serving up a better version. “Even I can draw with this thing," Pichai said. Google Google added a lot of new features to Google Assistant, Google's answer to Siri and Cortana. The big news: Assistant, which was released on Android last year, is now available on the iPhone. Google also added the ability to type to Assistant on your phone, so you don't need to talk out loud to it, and Google added support for more languages. Google Read more about Assistant for iPhone here. Google Assistant also now has a software development kit to let app developers connect their their services to Google Assistant (and to devices that use the virtual assistant like Google Home). Google is getting serious about taking on Amazon Alexa. Google Assistant will soon work with Google Lens, too. So you can point your phone at something, such as a concert hall marquee, and Google Assistant will add the event to your calendar. Business Insider And you can do entire transactions on Assistant, too, such as verbally ordering takeout from a restaurant that supports Assistant. Google handles all of it, including the payment and the receipt. Business Insider Google also added four new features to Google Home, its smart speaker that competes with Amazon Echo. Google added something called "Proactive Assistance," so that the device will automatically notify you of things like traffic delays and flight status changes. Google But the big news is Hands-Free Calling, available later this year Just say, "Call Mom" and Google Home will place a call to anyone in the US or Canada for free. It will recognize your voice, too. Google Read more about Google Home phone features here. Google Home has improved its music and entertainment options. You can now stream Spotify, Soundcloud and other music services on the sleek little speaker. All Home devices will also get Bluetooth features as well. Google Google Home now offers "Visual Responses" which allows it to interact with your TV. Tell Home what you want to watch, and the speaker will cue up the video on your TV. Ask Home about your schedule that day, and you can browse your calendar on the big screen. Google Google also added new features to Photos such as Suggested Share, which reminds you to share your best photos with the other folks pictured in the photo. There's also Shared Libraries, which lets you share all of your photos with another person, such as your spouse. And there's Photo Books, which lets you create hardcopy photo albums that Google will print out and send to you. Google YouTube introduced a new feature to its 360 Video app. It was available on phones and the DayDream VR headset before. But now you can can use it on your TV. Using your remote you can pan around the video. It's especially good for travel videos or concerts. YouTube also promised it will bring Live360 to TV programming, meaning watching live streamed events on the TV and being able to pan around the scene. YouTube 360 on TVBusiness Insider YouTube also updated its Super Chat feature for commenting on live videos, adding a way for the audience to actually control what happens in a video. Viewers of a video can pay to have things happen in a live broadcast (with the broadcaster's OK). YouTube demoed this with YouTube stars The Slow Mo Guys. They agreed to get pelted with water balloons to raise $500 for charity. Business Insider Google also showed off new features in Android O, the new version of Android coming this fall. It's not a major update, but there are some new things worth highlighting. For example, you can now use picture-in-picture video, so you can watch video or video chat while doing other stuff on your phone. Google Read more about the new Android O features here. Other features include, auto select where you can double tap on an address or phone number and it selects all of it, linked to maps or the phone app. Google IO Android O autoselectBusiness Insider Google also added new features in Android O for developers such as security and battery life improvements. The biggest news was that Google is adding support for a new developer language called Kotlin. You can download a beta version of Android O starting Wednesday if you have a Google Pixel phone. Business Insider Google also announced Android Go, a new program to make its mobile apps work better on low-end entry level phones. Google And it showed off virtual reality, too. The big news is that Google's Daydream VR platform now supports standalone headsets, not headsets that need to be powered by smartphones. HTC and Lenovo will be two of the first companies to make standalone Daydream VR headsets that launch later this year. Google Read more about Google's new VR headset here. Google also beefed up Expeditions with an Augmented reality mode. Expeditions is an app for classrooms launched 2 years ago. Now, using a phone with AR mode, pictures are overlaid on top of the images on the app. Google IO 2017 Expeditions AR Google Finally, Google introduced Google for Jobs, an app that takes data from job posting sites and makes it easier to search, using machine learning and AI to help narrow and personalize the search for you (such as figuring out your commute time). Google Read more about this feature here. Get the latest Google stock price here. SEE ALSO: Netflix is turning one of the world’s most popular games into a TV show — here’s what you should know about ‘The Witcher’ More: Features Google Google I/O Google IO 2017 Android Markets Insider Sundar Pichai facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Here's everything Google announced at its big I/O conference Here's everything Google announced at its big I/O conference On Wednesday, Google kicked off it annual... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The number of people who plan on buying a VR headset is still very low Jeff Dunn May 17, 2017, 6:09 PM 1,242 facebook linkedin twitter email print More Charts   Google kicked off its big I/O developer conference on Wednesday, and, among many other announcements, said it’s working to create “standalone” virtual reality headsets. As in, headsets that work independently, without having to be tied to a smartphone or PC. Google isn’t the first company to try this, but finding a middle ground between the toy-like nature of phone-based headsets like the Samsung Gear VR and expensive PC rigs like the Oculus Rift seems like a positive development for VR as a whole.  But when Google’s new headsets hit the market, they’re likely to face at least initial skepticism from potential buyers. According to a recent Nielsen study, very few US consumers say they’re likely to buy one of the big VR headsets on the market today. The Gear VR and Sony’s PlayStation VR lead the way, but with only 7% of respondents saying they’re interested. Google's existing Daydream headsets are at 4%. Meanwhile, according to a recent Thrive Analytics study, the main reason people say they don't own a VR headset is simply because they’re not interested. Nobody disputes that it’s early days for VR, but the way the market has splintered — expensive, complicated headsets on one side; technically compromised mobile headsets on the other — has helped sputter its launch. The numbers are improving, but Google will have plenty of work to do to drum up interest beyond niche users and enthusiasts. Skye Gould/Business Insider/Statista Get the latest Google stock price here. SEE ALSO: You may have heard of the Nintendo Switch, but your friends probably haven't NOW WATCH: 16 keyboard shortcuts only Mac power users know about Loading video... Follow Tech Chart Of The Day and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Tech Chart Of The Day and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: Chart Of The Day Virutal Reality Google Daydream VR VR VR headsets Video Games Gaming Nielsen Survey Tech BI Graphics facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The number of people who plan on buying a VR headset is still very low The number of people who plan on buying a VR headset is still very low Google kicked off its big I/O developer... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. Google is putting Android and its voice assistant inside of cars — here's your first look Steve Kovach May 17, 2017, 7:12 PM 9,536 facebook linkedin twitter email print Google MOUNTAIN VIEW, CALIF. — Android already runs on phones, tablets, and TVs. Soon, it will be in your car too. Google gave demos of two new Android-equipped automobiles at its I/O developer conference on Wednesday. This is different than Android Auto, the software that allows you to plug your phone into a car and basically control your phone through the car's built-in display.  In this case, Google has actually integrated Android directly into the car, so that you can do everything from accessing car-friendly apps like Spotify and Google Maps to controlling car settings like air conditioning.  It's also an extension of Google Assistant, the voice-powered digital helper that's Google's answer to Apple Siri. With Assistant in your car, you can use your voice to do things like adjust your seat, pick music tracks, or make a phone call.  In some cases, this feels like overkill — Is it really easier to tell your car to lower the air conditioning than to just turn a knob? But for things like navigation, phone calls, and the like, having a virtual assistant as your copilot could be helpful.  We sat inside a new Volvo V90 running Android on its infotainment system. Here's a quick look at how it all works: View As: One Page Slides This is the Volvo V90. It'll be one of the first cars to come with Android. The car has built-in LTE wireless connectivity to power the Android system. Steve Kovach/Business Insider This is the infotainment system's main screen running Android. It's been modified to match Volvo's design. Here, you see a list of contacts you can call on the touchscreen. Steve Kovach/Business Insider You can also run third-party apps like Spotify, Pandora, and podcast apps. Steve Kovach/Business Insider It also has all the controls you'd expect in a car from seat adjustments to air conditioning. Steve Kovach/Business Insider Here's what it looks like when you're listening to a podcast or music. Steve Kovach/Business Insider Google Maps is built right in. We were sitting in the back seat during the demo so we weren't able to test how well things like pinch to zoom work on the in-dash display. But it looked like the same version of Maps you're used to using on your phone. Steve Kovach/Business Insider Google Maps also gives you turn-by-turn directions for navigation. Steve Kovach/Business Insider But the real magic comes from Google Assistant. When you say the key phrase "Okay, Google," Assistant launches and responds to your commands. Steve Kovach/Business Insider That gray bar at the top of the screen means Google Assistant is listening to you. You can use Assistant to adjust the AC, choose a song, make a call, get directions, and just about anything else you'd expect to do in a car. Steve Kovach/Business Insider Android won't start showing up in cars until later this year. Audi and Volvo will be the first. Steve Kovach/Business Insider It's still early days for tech companies to take over cars. Many cars are also compatible with Apple's CarPlay or Android Auto, which let you plug your smartphone into the vehicle's USB port and light up the infotainment system with services from iOS or Android. But this is the first time we've seen a major mobile operating system running natively in a car like this. You don't even need a phone. It's also just one more way Google is injecting Google Assistant into every gadget you use. Get the latest Google stock price here. SEE ALSO: Here's everything Google announced at its big I/O conference More: Features Google Android Cars Audi Volvo Google I/O Infotainment Markets Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google is putting Android and its voice assistant inside of cars — here's your first look Google is putting Android and its voice assistant inside of cars — here's your first look MOUNTAIN VIEW, CALIF. — Android already runs... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google's next version of Android is now available in beta form — here's what it can do Jeff Dunn May 17, 2017, 3:45 PM 8,356 facebook linkedin twitter email print Google Good news Android fans: You can now test out a new version of the operating system with some fun features.  At its annual I/O conference on Wednesday, Google announced that the first public beta for Android O is now available to download. Google representatives didn't go too deep into new details about the software. The company previously revealed some of the features when it released a developer preview of Android O in March. Among the new features you'll see in Android O are: A picture-in-picture mode that lets you view YouTube videos and other apps in a tiny window that floats over whatever else you're doing. You can activate the feature by tapping the home button within a supported app.  "Notification dots," which are tiny badges placed on app icons that inform you when those apps have new notifications. Instead of pulling down the notification shade to view a particular alert, you can now view it by pressing and holding on the icon of an app that has a notification dot. Autofill support for more apps, so you don't have to manually enter frequently used info all time. Google gave the example of having your Twitter login data saved and automatically entered right from the app, just like it'd be with Google's Chrome browser. Smarter text highlighting, so you can select an entire name, phone number, address, or similar key items all at once by just double tapping on it. Depending on what you've highlighted, you'll then be able to act further. You can add a phone number to your contacts, for instance, or view a location in Google Maps. An example of how the smarter auto-select feature will work in Android O. Notice the Google Maps shortcut. Business Insider Google Play Protect, a security feature that the company says will automatically check your apps for vulnerabilities, then show you if everything is secure. A cleaner settings app that groups similar options together. Settings for WiFi, hot spots and mobile data, for example, are now collected together in a “Network & Internet” tab. More granular control over notifications, including the ability to “snooze” notifications for later. Promised improvements to battery life, Bluetooth, and general performance. Google says Android O will put stricter controls on how much apps do in the background, such as accessing your location, to save memory and battery life. It's also touting faster boot times. "Project Treble," which is said to allow device makers like Samsung or LG to issue their Android updates without having to wait for chipset makers like Qualcomm to certify their chips work with the latest versions of the software. Google has famously struggled to get people to actually update their phones to new versions of Android; only 7% of Android devices are using the eight-month-old Nougat update. This would be a big deal, but time will tell how much time it'll actually save. There are plenty other things, but the gist of the update is that it's focused more on addressing annoyances and fine-tuning performance than on offering flashy new features. Note that you can sign up for the Android O beta on only a handful of Google devices; the only phones on which you can install it are Google's Pixel, Pixel XL, Nexus 5P or Nexus 6P. As you should before installing any beta software, be aware of the potential downsides. The Android O beta likely has its share of bugs. And you should back up your phone before installing it, otherwise you risk losing your data if you try to revert back to a previous version of Android.  Despite all its new capabilities, one thing Android O still doesn't have is a name. Our money is on "Oreo." Get the latest Google stock price here. SEE ALSO: HTC's newest phone is gorgeous and squeezable, and it will have Amazon's Alexa assistant built in NOW WATCH: 6 things the iPhone can’t do that Android phones can Loading video... More: Google Android Android O Android 8.0 Software Smartphones Mobile Alphabet OS Phones Beta facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google's next version of Android is now available in beta form — here's what it can do Google's next version of Android is now available in beta form — here's what it can do Good news Android fans: You can now test out a... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Lenovo and HTC will sell Google standalone VR headsets later this year that don't need phones or computers Antonio Villas-Boas May 17, 2017, 3:52 PM 962 facebook linkedin twitter email print Google executive Clay Bavor Google Google announced that it would offer a new standalone virtual reality (VR) headset on Wednesday that doesn't use a phone, a computer, or cables like most existing VR devices. Everything that's needed to play VR content and apps will be built into the standalone headset itself, Google announced at its annual I/O developer conference.   That's a big difference from some existing VR headsets, such as the Samsung Gear and Google's own previous headset, which are basically fancy cases with special lenses that a user slides a phone into. Other VR headsets, like the Oculus Rift, must be connected to a PC with cables in order to operate. With Google's new standalone headset, the computing, the power, the display, and the lenses are all Incorporated directly into the headset. That could fix some of the biggest problems with today's VR experience. Google's standalone VR headset Google Cables, for example, are restrictive and frustrating to deal with when you're immersed in a virtual world and trying to move around while wearing a headset. And phones can be underpowered for certain VR experiences, and computer-based VR, like HTC Vive and Oculus Rift, require fairly expensive computers to run VR content and apps. That said, it will be important to see how long Google's standalone headset can last on a single battery charge. Google worked with Qualcomm to develop the design for the standalone headset. And Google is partnering with HTC and Lenovo to make different versions of the VR headset which will be available in late 2017.  Google didn't provide many details of what the actual finished product will look like, other than showing a very minimalist sketch. The device will work with Google's own Daydream VR platform where users can find and run VR content and apps to play through headsets. Google touted new and improved positional tracking with its "World Sense" technology, which is designed to sense your head movements so you don't need to add cameras and sensors throughout a room in your house just to do VR. Google HTC is one of the existing major players in the VR with its HTC Vive headset, and Lenovo has its own Tango technology that's centered around augmented reality (AR). Get the latest Google stock price here. SEE ALSO: Here's what happened during Google's biggest event of the year NOW WATCH: The newest flying car is backed by Larry Page — and you can buy it by the end of the year Loading video... More: Google VR Google I/O Virtual reality Daydream Standalone Lenovo HTC Markets Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Lenovo and HTC will sell Google standalone VR headsets later this year that don't need phones or computers Lenovo and HTC will sell Google standalone VR headsets later this year that don't need phones or computers Google announced that it would offer a new... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Google Search Will Soon Make Job Hunting A Bit Easier By Tyler Lee on 05/17/2017 19:58 PDT If you’re looking for a job, there are various job portals that you can visit to find something that might suit you. However it seems that Google wants to make it easier for you to find a job and in an announcement on its blog (via Engadget), they have launched a new initiative that will be rolling out in the next few weeks called Google for Jobs. According to Google, one of the reasons behind this initiative is because, “Almost half of U.S. employers say they still have issues filling open positions. Meanwhile, job seekers often don’t know there’s a job opening just around the corner from them, because the nature of job posts—high turnover, low traffic, inconsistency in job titles—have made them hard for search engines to classify.” They add, “As part of this effort, we will be launching a new feature in Search in the coming weeks that helps people look for jobs across experience and wage levels—including jobs that have traditionally been much harder to search for and classify, like service and retail jobs.” Now Google won’t be taking away or trying to compete with existing job search websites. It seems that Google will actually be partnering up with some of them such as Monster, CareerBuilder, LinkedIn, and Glassdoor to help provide additional context and details about jobs, and will use machine learning to help job seekers match what they want with what employers are looking for. Filed in General. Read more about Google, google i/o 2017 and google io. Related Articles 2017-05-17 Android Now Has 2 Billion Monthly Active Users 2017-05-17 Android’s Instant Apps Now Available To All Developers 2017-05-17 Google Lens Uses Your Camera To Make Searches In Real-Life 2017-05-17 Notification Dots Will Be Coming To Android O 2017-05-17 ‘Android Go’ Is A Lightweight Version Of Android For Low-End Devices Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles Pornhub Gives Its Visitors A Heart Attack With Its April Fool’s Prank Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Technology » News » Mobiles & Tablets Made in India iPhones to hit stores this month Business Standard Over 2 bn active daily users have Android OS on their smartphones: Google Based on Linux kernel and designed for touchscreen mobiles, Android was first unveiled in 2007 IANS  |  San Francisco  May 18, 2017 Last Updated at 08:00 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVkStY ALSO READ Google to conclude work on Android Nougat, Android 'O' Beta coming soon Soon, Google's Android may power your car, just like it runs on smartphone Android malware steals million Google accounts: Researchers Digitisation & public networks to boost IoT adoption in India Google's digital assistant comes to new Android phones Google's Android operating system has reached a milestone by powering 2 billion monthly active devices around the world, the company said. Google's vice president of engineering Dave Burke that Android has "the largest reach of any computing platform of its kind", Xinhua reported on Thursday. Based on the Linux kernel and designed primarily for touchscreen mobile devices, Android was first unveiled in 2007. It is now the operating system, namely the software platform that manages hardware and software , including applications, or apps, for more than 80 per cent of the world's smartphones. With its latest version released in August 2016, Android has been claimed by Google officials to be "across all screens:" watches, cars, television sets, Internet of Things (IoTs) and chromebooks, a class of low-coast laptop computers comprising nearly 60 per cent of laptops sold to K-12 schools in the US. Promising to make Android "even more useful," Burke announced a beta release of the operation system's newest version, Android O. Its formal release is scheduled for "later this year." Google also said its voice-powered digital assistant, known as Google Assistant, is available on Apple's iPhones starting immediately, in addition to its availability on more than 100 million devices. Read More On Google Android | Android | Internet Of Things | Iot | Apple | Iphones | Technology | Mobiles & Tablets PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Over 2 bn active daily users have Android OS on their smartphones: Google Based on Linux kernel and designed for touchscreen mobiles, Android was first unveiled in 2007 Based on Linux kernel and designed for touchscreen mobiles, Android was first unveiled in 2007 Google's Android operating system has reached a milestone by powering 2 billion monthly active devices around the world, the company said. Google's vice president of engineering Dave Burke that Android has "the largest reach of any computing platform of its kind", Xinhua reported on Thursday. Based on the Linux kernel and designed primarily for touchscreen mobile devices, Android was first unveiled in 2007. It is now the operating system, namely the software platform that manages hardware and software , including applications, or apps, for more than 80 per cent of the world's smartphones. With its latest version released in August 2016, Android has been claimed by Google officials to be "across all screens:" watches, cars, television sets, Internet of Things (IoTs) and chromebooks, a class of low-coast laptop computers comprising nearly 60 per cent of laptops sold to K-12 schools in the US. Promising to make Android "even more useful," Burke announced a beta release of the operation system's newest version, Android O. Its formal release is scheduled for "later this year." Google also said its voice-powered digital assistant, known as Google Assistant, is available on Apple's iPhones starting immediately, in addition to its availability on more than 100 million devices. IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Over 2 bn active daily users have Android OS on their smartphones: Google Based on Linux kernel and designed for touchscreen mobiles, Android was first unveiled in 2007 Google's Android operating system has reached a milestone by powering 2 billion monthly active devices around the world, the company said. Google's vice president of engineering Dave Burke that Android has "the largest reach of any computing platform of its kind", Xinhua reported on Thursday. Based on the Linux kernel and designed primarily for touchscreen mobile devices, Android was first unveiled in 2007. It is now the operating system, namely the software platform that manages hardware and software , including applications, or apps, for more than 80 per cent of the world's smartphones. With its latest version released in August 2016, Android has been claimed by Google officials to be "across all screens:" watches, cars, television sets, Internet of Things (IoTs) and chromebooks, a class of low-coast laptop computers comprising nearly 60 per cent of laptops sold to K-12 schools in the US. Promising to make Android "even more useful," Burke announced a beta release of the operation system's newest version, Android O. Its formal release is scheduled for "later this year." Google also said its voice-powered digital assistant, known as Google Assistant, is available on Apple's iPhones starting immediately, in addition to its availability on more than 100 million devices. IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Brisbane Times Technology Login Sign-up Become a Brisbane Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Brisbane Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News Queensland National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News WA News Sport NRL AFL Union Soccer Cricket Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz World Politics Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Comment That Thinking Feeling The Hermit Sisters in Law Entertainment Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Stage Books Your Brisbane Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports Home Tech News May 18 2017 - 12:03PM Save Print Google I/O 2017: Everything new about Android O Michael Nunez 43 reading now Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Today at the annual Google I/O developer conference, we learned about all the updates coming to the latest version of Google's mobile operating system, dubbed Android O for now — at least until its official release later this year. This is the eighth version of the OS (Android 8.0), and even though we've seen some of the additions in the developer preview that launched in March, there's a whole swath of new goodies that Google highlighted at the show. So, without further adieu, here are all the new updates coming to Android. The basics Eager fans will be happy to know that the Android O beta is being made publicly available for download today. The build is still unstable given that it isn't an official release, so we'd recommend against installing it on your primary device if you choose to start testing it out immediately. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Most of the updates coming to Android involve little tweaks.  Most of the updates coming to Android involve little tweaks to the operating system that make it perform better and easier to control. One of the easiest places to see these changes is in the completely overhauled Settings app. The new version of Android has fewer top-level options (making it easier to navigate) and slightly tweaked interfaces for things like battery usage. This should help combat the criticism that Android has too many menus and is difficult to navigate. One of the other major updates is the addition of picture-in-picture (PIP) mode. The new PIP mode lets users continue watching a video in the corner of the screen while simultaneously running another app. So, for example, you can watch a YouTube video while you're also writing an email, sending a text message, or taking notes The feature works similar to Samsung's multi-window support on newer Galaxy devices, but Google's version also lets users resize the window like they would on a normal desktop computer. Android O also makes notifications way better. This starts with Notification Dots that show up as a tiny dot on an app icon as alerts roll in. The cool thing about these new notifications is that you can long-press a Notification Dot and see the alert right from the home screen. You don't actually have to launch the app or pull down the notifications menu from the top of the screen. Advertisement In addition to dots, Android O adds Notification Channels that make it easier to sort through notifications of a specific type. For example, you could set up a channel to receive notifications for technology news only, so that you're not bombarded with political news all day long. Or you could bundle all of your Gmail notifications together, so that your lock screen isn't popping off with every little message you receive. Other tweaks include adaptive icons that will help the operating system look more uniform across devices, WiFi Aware that lets you transfer files over a Wi-Fi connection without the need for an internet connection, and Autofill APIs that will let you quickly type in information like addresses and phone numbers (similar to what's already available on Chrome). That brings us to the biggest (and least visible) update of them all. Android O will now include background execution limits that essentially limit what apps can do in the background to save battery life on your device. Google previously adjusted some of these limits in Android N, but the company is going a step further in this new update to squeeze more life out of Android phones. Altogether, these updates should make using an Android phone better and easier to personalise. Android security enhancements Google announced Google Play Protect, a service that's available on every Android O device out of the box. It scans your device on a regular basis in addition to scanning every app you decide to install to protect against malware. Google's director of product management at Android, Stephanie Saad Cuthbertson, said during the keynote that Google is already using machine learning to scan over a billion devices daily and more than 50 billion apps every day to prevent the spread of malware. Google Play Protect is basically a way to show phone owners how the operating system is keeping their device safe. Android Go for cheap phones Google is launching "Android Go" to make it easier for manufacturers to build cheaper phones for emerging markets like India, Brazil and Indonesia. The experience is essentially a few different optimisations that ship with any Android O devices with 1 GB or less of memory. First, Google will make the latest version of its operating system, Android O, work on phones with lower specs. This means the company will cut away some of the more demanding processes and animations. Of course, beyond the phone's performance, data cost and intermittent connectivity have proven to be among the greatest challenges faced in emerging markets. Google is targeting this problem by creating data management quick settings that can be accessed by pulling down the menu from the top of the screen. The company has also created an API that carriers can integrate with to make sure that you phone's not gobbling up too much of your pre-paid data. Google apps will also get smarter about data. The Chrome data saver feature that simplifies web pages, for example, will be turned on by default. The Android Go version of the app will also show users how much data they have saved by using this optimised version of Chrome. Additionally, Google introduced YouTube Go, which gives users a preview of videos before the whole thing is downloaded. It also has the ability to save videos while you're connected, so you can watch them later when you're offline. For more info on this project you can check out the Building For Billions developer page. Google's brain is getting way smarter Technically, the Google brain isn't part of Android specifically, but it will dramatically affect the way we use our Android devices, so it feels right to include here. One of the biggest announcements at this year's conference is the announcement that Google Assistant, the artificially intelligent competitor to Siri, is finally coming to the iPhone. The app is free for download in the US iTunes store starting today and integrates with other Google services like Calendar and YouTube. It's also getting a slew of new improvements. Android Auto speeds up Android Auto hasn't gotten much love or attention since it launched in March 2015, but that changed this year thanks to the tweaks made under the hood of Android O. The new operating system gives Android Auto a much-needed performance boost that means it will boot up faster and switch between applications more quickly in your car. It also means that things like notifications will be bundled together more nicely, making it easier to use your docked phone while you're driving. Google also announced that Audi and Volvo will be using Android as the operating system in upcoming cars. The obvious appeal here is all the new voice-control capabilities enabled through Google Assistant, which is already integrated into Android Auto. The key update is that now Assistant and Android will be able to control car functions like heating, cooling and seat positioning in cars from Audi and Volvo. Android Wear basically stays the same Sadly, we didn't see any major updates to Android Wear at this year's conference. Android Wear 2.0 only debuted in February, so it makes sense that Google is still working on getting the operating system on old smartwatches and polishing the latest release. Given the slow adoption rate of Android Wear, we have a feeling most people won't care about the lack of updates (yet) at this year's conference. Lifehacker Australia is your expert guide on how to get things done and do everything better. 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia Terrifying Looking T-Rex Ant Found ... Contains: External link Recyclable Cardboard Festival Tents Are ... Contains: External link Most Popular Everything new about Android O Have Apple and Microsoft traded places? Google Home smart speaker coming to Australia US government moves to weaken NSA secret-keeping Google Assistant is coming to iPhone Follow Digital Life Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Brisbane Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Technology Apple set to refresh laptops as Microsoft fights back Have Apple and Microsoft traded places? HTC unveils 'squeezable' new U11 smartphone Google Home smart speaker coming to Australia HP Spectre beats Surface at its own game Brisbane Times The Brisbane suburbs that will suffer 'extreme' temperature rises under infill Thanks a latte: NBN bureaucrats spend $437,000 on coffee CCC warns public servants not to 'peek' at private information Health funds accused of 'obscene' profit Queensland drug court could return, with alcohol also in the mix The Sydney Morning Herald 'You don't want to mess with us': AFP raid business in $165m fraud probe ATO Deputy Commissioner Michael Cranston to be charged over tax fraud The 25th Amendment solution to remove Donald Trump Prepare for commuter chaos as bus drivers hit back over 'outrageous attack' Surgeon gives evidence at inquiry into himself without knowing The Age ATO Deputy Commissioner Michael Cranston to be charged over tax fraud Cheesed off: King Island wants to be part of Victoria Rolf Harris accuser reduced to tears in court Melbourne's beloved gorilla Mzuri dies in France Health funds accused of 'obscene' profit Canberra Times UC student couldn't believe lecturer would be 'so sleazy' ATO Deputy Commissioner Michael Cranston to be charged over tax fraud Thanks a latte: NBN bureaucrats spend $437,000 on coffee Canberra's great public service wage slump 'My dad rewrote his will just before he died of cancer' WA Today Perth survey reveals post boom blues are hitting WA hard Fremantle youngster granted 'indefinite leave' from club Dark side of the high life: Cottesloe's hidden health costs The jobs that don't earn what you would expect Man fined $900 for repeatedly masturbating at Northam school Brisbane Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Brisbane Times Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google just took a direct shot at Siri with a new virtual assistant for the iPhone Kif Leswing May 17, 2017, 1:39 PM 3,276 facebook linkedin twitter email print Google A version of Google's software that reacts to the user's voice, called Assistant, is launching on iPhones, Google said at a conference in Mountain View, California on Wednesday.  The app is free, and users can download it from Apple's App Store. Currently, it's only available in English, but Google says it plans to localize it in other languages, including Spanish, German, and Korean, later this year.  You can download Google Assistant for iPhone here.  You can ask Google to search Google, control smart home appliances, and track packages, Google said. Users can also converse with Assistant by typing, not just by talking to your phone.  It sounds a lot like Apple's Siri, the voice assistant built into iPhones. Siri will always enjoy closer device integration on iPhones, but Google is hoping its edge in machine learning can make Assistant worth downloading separately.  Google said that Assistant was previously already available on 100 million devices before it launched on iPhone.  Get the latest Google stock price here. NOW WATCH: I won't trade in my iPhone for a Samsung Galaxy S8 — here's why Loading video... More: Google Apple Siri Google Assistant facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google just took a direct shot at Siri with a new virtual assistant for the iPhone Google just took a direct shot at Siri with a new virtual assistant for the iPhone A version of Google's software that reacts to... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site » Don't Miss: Excel 2016 cheat sheet Do IT certifications matter? Microsoft pulls plug on Win 10's debut version Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Read CW’s May digital magazine! How Veritas is getting its cloud on Buyers’ Guide: Prices dropping for data visualization software Windows Server 2016 Hyper-V: More secure, but not faster More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Emerging Technology Artificial Intelligence News Google preps Android for an A.I.-laden future TensorFlow is going on a diet to optimize for smartphones and other lightweight devices Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Blair Hanley Frank U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | May 17, 2017 5:26 PM PT Credit: Magdalena Petrova More like this Review: The best frameworks for machine learning and deep learning Google says its AI chips smoke CPUs, GPUs in performance tests Windows Server on ARM laptops is for Azure only Video Review: BlackBerry's KEYone phone brings back the keyboard The future of Android will be a lot smarter, thanks to new programming tools that Google unveiled on Wednesday. The company announced TensorFlow Lite, a version of its machine learning framework that’s designed to run on smartphones and other mobile devices, during the keynote address at its Google I/O developer conference. “TensorFlow Lite will leverage a new neural network API to tap into silicon-specific accelerators, and over time we expect to see [digital signal processing chips] specifically designed for neural network inference and training,” said Dave Burke, Google's vice president of engineering for Android. “We think these new capabilities will help power a next generation of on-device speech processing, visual search, augmented reality, and more.” The Lite framework will be made a part of the open source TensorFlow project soon, and the neural network API will come to the next major release of Android later this year. The framework has serious implications for what Google sees as the future of mobile hardware. AI-focused chips could make it possible for smartphones to handle more advanced machine learning computations without consuming as much power. With more applications using machine learning to provide intelligent experiences, making that sort of work more easily possible on device is key. Right now, building advanced machine learning into applications -- especially when it comes to training models -- requires an amount of computational power that typically requires beefy hardware, a lot of time and a lot of power. That’s not really practical for consumer smartphone applications, which means they often offload that processing to massive datacenter by sending images, text and other data in need of processing over the internet. Processing that data in the cloud comes with several downsides, according to Patrick Moorhead, principal analyst at Moor Insights and Strategy: Users must be willing to transfer their data to a company’s servers, and they have to be in an environment with rich enough connectivity to make sure the operation is low-latency. There’s already one mobile processor with a machine learning-specific DSP on the market today. The Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 system-on-a-chip sports the Hexagon DSP that supports TensorFlow. DSPs are also used for providing functionality like recognizing the “OK, Google” wake phrase for the Google Assistant, according to Moorhead. Users should expect to see more machine learning acceleration chips in the future, Moorhead said. “Ever since Moore’s Law slowed down, it’s been a heterogeneous computing model,” he said. “We’re using different kinds of processors to do different types of things, whether it’s a DSP, whether it’s a [field-programmable gate array], or whether it’s a CPU. It’s almost like we’re using the right golf club for the right hole.” Google is already investing in ML-specific hardware with its line of Tensor Processing Unit chips, which are designed to accelerate both the training of new machine learning algorithms as well as data processing using existing models. On Wednesday, the company announced the second version of that hardware, which is designed to accelerate machine learning training and inference. The company is also not the only one with a smartphone-focused machine learning framework. Facebook showed off a mobile-oriented ML framework called Caffe2Go last year, which is used to power applications like the company’s live style transfer feature. Related: Artificial Intelligence Mobile & Wireless Smartphones Google Google I/O 2017 Blair Hanley Frank is primarily focused on the public cloud, productivity and operating systems businesses for the IDG News Service. Follow Computerworld's IT Salary Survey 2017 results You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Editorial Beats Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO GameStar Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google is reinventing search itself as it moves past Android and into our crazy future Matt Weinberger May 17, 2017, 8:48 PM 14,320 facebook linkedin twitter email print Google Assistant with Google Lens Business Insider Google I/O is, far and away, Google's most important single event of the year, where CEO Sundar Pichai presents his grand vision for the company in the year to come.  So it was a little baffling, at first blush, that Google — a search company, which makes its money from search advertising — would spend so much time talking about Google Photos, its photo-sharing service, and camera-related apps in general.  At the same time, it makes perfect sense, in its own way. It's the same old Google, adapted for a world where cameras rule over keyboards. Way back in 2009, it launched an app called Google Goggles that let you snap a picture of, say, a book, and search for it online. On Wednesday the company brought the idea back with Google Lens, an evolved version of the concept. Google Lens will make its debut as a feature in Google Photos within the next few months, and come to the Google Assistant digital assistant by the end of the year.  And while Google Lens might just seem like a bunch of clever, questionably useful new tricks for your camera, it hints at so much more. Because while Android is the most popular operating system in the world right now, new technologies like voice assistants, virtual reality, and even smart appliances threaten the dominance of the smartphone. What we're seeing with Google Lens is the search giant grooming Assistant to be its failsafe in the event that the world moves on from the handheld computer.  Computer vision Lens is debuting as we consumers are increasingly using cameras and our voices to interact with our devices. Where you used to type things out on a keyboard, you might now just snap a photo. If you've ever taken a picture of a product label at the grocery store to help you remember it later, or sent a significant other a picture of a dropped mug so you didn't have to explain it in writing, you're already on the journey to this next big phase of computing.  With Google Lens system, you'll be able to get more information on a band that's playing a particular concert venue or watch their music videos by just taking a picture of the band's name on the venue's marquee. You'll also be able to automatically connect your phone to a WiFi network by simply snapping a picture of the password. Lens — and its underlying technology — could turn your photos into an incredibly valuable source of data for Google. Every photo you've taken, or will take, becomes something that Google can use to figure out where you were, who you were with, what brands you were wearing, what restaurant you were at, and so on.    Beyond text It's tempting to think of services like Google Assistant, Amazon Alexa, Apple's Siri, and Microsoft Cortana as just voice assistants that reside on particular devices like smartphones or smart speakers. But they're really just the most obvious parts of the huge, nebulous artificially intelligent systems that underly them, as the Verge points out. And we're only just starting to figure out where and how those systems will fit into our lives and how we'll interact with them. You can interact with Google Assistant by typing commands on your smartphone keyboard, by talking to your Google Home smart speaker or by snapping a picture on your phone. You can choose the way you interact with the data in Google Assistant, the same way that every faucet in your home connects to the same water main.  Google Lens Google When Google rolls Assistant out to cars, as is expected, it will be the same thing as what's on your phone. When Assistant gets integrated  — as it will — into fridges and lamps and thermostats and toasters, it will be the same Assistant. It's will be available on all of them, delivering the data you need to the closest device available. So if the smartphone dies, as Microsoft and Facebook expect it will, Google Assistant stands to actually outlive Android. It's a system for processing your data and delivering useful results that doesn't actually rely on any device. Whatever comes next, Google can have Assistant send answers through it, whether it has speakers, overlays images on the real world, or still uses an old-fashioned screen.  Google still has some things to work on when it comes to its intelligent assistant. Most notably, the vast majority of its revenue still comes from search advertising, but right now, there are no ads in Assistant. So Google has to figure out the business model if and as consumers move from its traditional text-based search page to searching with Assistant.  But if Google's mission is to keep users loyal through these turbulent technological times, Assistant is right on target.  Get the latest Google stock price here. SEE ALSO: Amazon's new Echo camera is weird and a little creepy — but it hints at Amazon's master plan to rule tech NOW WATCH: Here's a visualization of Elon Musk's tunneling project that could change transportation forever Loading video... More: Google Google Assistant facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google is reinventing search itself as it moves past Android and into our crazy future Google is reinventing search itself as it moves past Android and into our crazy future Google I/O is, far and away, Google's most... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google's new Lens product uses your phone's camera to do clever tricks, like connecting your phone to a WiFi network Antonio Villas-Boas May 17, 2017, 1:34 PM 2,214 facebook linkedin twitter email print Google Google announced its new Lens feature during its Google I/O event on May 17, which uses your mobile devices' cameras to give you information about what you're looking at. Google CEO Sundar Pichai demonstrated Lens' capabilities by showing how it could recognize a specific flower by using a phone's camera. Google Assistant then offered follow-up actions, like pointing you to the nearest florist. Another example Pichai offered was how Lens could recognize the context of what you're doing. During the demo, a phone's camera was pointed at a WiFi router's password label and WiFi network name, and Google Assistant automatically connected the phone to that WiFi network. Google Google It seems like an updated version of Google's previous Goggles app, which had similar functions as Lens. Combined with Google Assistant, Lens is far smarter and impressive. Get the latest Google stock price here. SEE ALSO: LIVE: Google's biggest event of the year NOW WATCH: 16 keyboard shortcuts only Mac power users know about Loading video... More: Google Google I/O Google Lens Augmented reality facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google's new Lens product uses your phone's camera to do clever tricks, like connecting your phone to a WiFi network Google's new Lens product uses your phone's camera to do clever tricks, like connecting your phone to a WiFi network Google announced its new Lens feature during... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Sydney Morning Herald News site of the year Technology Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News NSW News National Environment Health Education Investigations Good Weekend Galleries Clique Photos Victoria News Queensland ACT News WA News Sport NRL Union AFL Football Cricket Racing Motorsport Basketball Netball Cycling Tennis Scores Golf US Sports Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorials Column 8 Obituaries Peter Hartcher Ross Gittins Jessica Irvine Blunt Instrument Satire Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage What's On in Sydney Video Shop Art Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games eSports Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports Home Tech News May 18 2017 - 12:03PM Save Print Google I/O 2017: Everything new about Android O Michael Nunez 40 reading now Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Today at the annual Google I/O developer conference, we learned about all the updates coming to the latest version of Google's mobile operating system, dubbed Android O for now — at least until its official release later this year. This is the eighth version of the OS (Android 8.0), and even though we've seen some of the additions in the developer preview that launched in March, there's a whole swath of new goodies that Google highlighted at the show. So, without further adieu, here are all the new updates coming to Android. The basics Eager fans will be happy to know that the Android O beta is being made publicly available for download today. The build is still unstable given that it isn't an official release, so we'd recommend against installing it on your primary device if you choose to start testing it out immediately. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Most of the updates coming to Android involve little tweaks.  Most of the updates coming to Android involve little tweaks to the operating system that make it perform better and easier to control. One of the easiest places to see these changes is in the completely overhauled Settings app. The new version of Android has fewer top-level options (making it easier to navigate) and slightly tweaked interfaces for things like battery usage. This should help combat the criticism that Android has too many menus and is difficult to navigate. One of the other major updates is the addition of picture-in-picture (PIP) mode. The new PIP mode lets users continue watching a video in the corner of the screen while simultaneously running another app. So, for example, you can watch a YouTube video while you're also writing an email, sending a text message, or taking notes The feature works similar to Samsung's multi-window support on newer Galaxy devices, but Google's version also lets users resize the window like they would on a normal desktop computer. Android O also makes notifications way better. This starts with Notification Dots that show up as a tiny dot on an app icon as alerts roll in. The cool thing about these new notifications is that you can long-press a Notification Dot and see the alert right from the home screen. You don't actually have to launch the app or pull down the notifications menu from the top of the screen. Advertisement In addition to dots, Android O adds Notification Channels that make it easier to sort through notifications of a specific type. For example, you could set up a channel to receive notifications for technology news only, so that you're not bombarded with political news all day long. Or you could bundle all of your Gmail notifications together, so that your lock screen isn't popping off with every little message you receive. Other tweaks include adaptive icons that will help the operating system look more uniform across devices, WiFi Aware that lets you transfer files over a Wi-Fi connection without the need for an internet connection, and Autofill APIs that will let you quickly type in information like addresses and phone numbers (similar to what's already available on Chrome). That brings us to the biggest (and least visible) update of them all. Android O will now include background execution limits that essentially limit what apps can do in the background to save battery life on your device. Google previously adjusted some of these limits in Android N, but the company is going a step further in this new update to squeeze more life out of Android phones. Altogether, these updates should make using an Android phone better and easier to personalise. Android security enhancements Google announced Google Play Protect, a service that's available on every Android O device out of the box. It scans your device on a regular basis in addition to scanning every app you decide to install to protect against malware. Google's director of product management at Android, Stephanie Saad Cuthbertson, said during the keynote that Google is already using machine learning to scan over a billion devices daily and more than 50 billion apps every day to prevent the spread of malware. Google Play Protect is basically a way to show phone owners how the operating system is keeping their device safe. Android Go for cheap phones Google is launching "Android Go" to make it easier for manufacturers to build cheaper phones for emerging markets like India, Brazil and Indonesia. The experience is essentially a few different optimisations that ship with any Android O devices with 1 GB or less of memory. First, Google will make the latest version of its operating system, Android O, work on phones with lower specs. This means the company will cut away some of the more demanding processes and animations. Of course, beyond the phone's performance, data cost and intermittent connectivity have proven to be among the greatest challenges faced in emerging markets. Google is targeting this problem by creating data management quick settings that can be accessed by pulling down the menu from the top of the screen. The company has also created an API that carriers can integrate with to make sure that you phone's not gobbling up too much of your pre-paid data. Google apps will also get smarter about data. The Chrome data saver feature that simplifies web pages, for example, will be turned on by default. The Android Go version of the app will also show users how much data they have saved by using this optimised version of Chrome. Additionally, Google introduced YouTube Go, which gives users a preview of videos before the whole thing is downloaded. It also has the ability to save videos while you're connected, so you can watch them later when you're offline. For more info on this project you can check out the Building For Billions developer page. Google's brain is getting way smarter Technically, the Google brain isn't part of Android specifically, but it will dramatically affect the way we use our Android devices, so it feels right to include here. One of the biggest announcements at this year's conference is the announcement that Google Assistant, the artificially intelligent competitor to Siri, is finally coming to the iPhone. The app is free for download in the US iTunes store starting today and integrates with other Google services like Calendar and YouTube. It's also getting a slew of new improvements. Android Auto speeds up Android Auto hasn't gotten much love or attention since it launched in March 2015, but that changed this year thanks to the tweaks made under the hood of Android O. The new operating system gives Android Auto a much-needed performance boost that means it will boot up faster and switch between applications more quickly in your car. It also means that things like notifications will be bundled together more nicely, making it easier to use your docked phone while you're driving. Google also announced that Audi and Volvo will be using Android as the operating system in upcoming cars. The obvious appeal here is all the new voice-control capabilities enabled through Google Assistant, which is already integrated into Android Auto. The key update is that now Assistant and Android will be able to control car functions like heating, cooling and seat positioning in cars from Audi and Volvo. Android Wear basically stays the same Sadly, we didn't see any major updates to Android Wear at this year's conference. Android Wear 2.0 only debuted in February, so it makes sense that Google is still working on getting the operating system on old smartwatches and polishing the latest release. Given the slow adoption rate of Android Wear, we have a feeling most people won't care about the lack of updates (yet) at this year's conference. Lifehacker Australia is your expert guide on how to get things done and do everything better. 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia Terrifying Looking T-Rex Ant Found ... Contains: External link Recyclable Cardboard Festival Tents Are ... Contains: External link Most Popular Everything new about Android O Have Apple and Microsoft traded places? Google Home smart speaker coming to Australia Google Translate surges forward thanks to AI Google Assistant is coming to iPhone Follow Digital Life Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow SMH Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Technology Have Apple and Microsoft traded places? Apple set to refresh laptops as Microsoft fights back Google Translate surges forward thanks to AI Everything new about Android O HTC unveils 'squeezable' new U11 smartphone The Sydney Morning Herald 'You don't want to mess with us': AFP raid business in $165m fraud probe ATO Deputy Commissioner Michael Cranston to be charged over tax fraud The 25th Amendment solution to remove Donald Trump Prepare for commuter chaos as bus drivers hit back over 'outrageous attack' The jobs that don't earn what you would expect The Age ATO Deputy Commissioner Michael Cranston to be charged over tax fraud Cheesed off: King Island wants to be part of Victoria Armed gang smashes way into Malvern East jewellery store Rolf Harris accuser reduced to tears in court Melbourne's beloved gorilla Mzuri dies in France Brisbane Times The Brisbane suburbs that will suffer 'extreme' temperature rises under infill Thanks a latte: NBN bureaucrats spend $437,000 on coffee CCC warns public servants not to 'peek' at private information Health funds accused of 'obscene' profit Queensland drug court could return, with alcohol also in the mix Canberra Times UC student couldn't believe lecturer would be 'so sleazy' ATO Deputy Commissioner Michael Cranston to be charged over tax fraud Thanks a latte: NBN bureaucrats spend $437,000 on coffee Canberra's great public service wage slump 'My dad rewrote his will just before he died of cancer' WA Today Perth survey reveals post boom blues are hitting WA hard Fremantle youngster granted 'indefinite leave' from club Dark side of the high life: Cottesloe's hidden health costs The jobs that don't earn what you would expect Man fined $900 for repeatedly masturbating at Northam school Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Sydney Morning Herald Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition SMH for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters Sydney Morning Herald Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money How To Buy A Puppy Without Getting Scammed How The Australian Bank Levy Will Affect You, The Customer Hump Day Deals: Best Of Click Frenzy Ask LH: Is Netflix Increasing Its Prices In Australia? Home How To Buy Your First Home In 15 Steps [Infographic] I Bought A Pair Of Overalls And Now I Will Never Wear Anything Else  McDonald's Now Has Its Own Mobile Ordering App The Grown-Up Kitchen: How To Make A Pan Sauce Entertainment Ten Tips For Successful Online Dating Why The Game Of Thrones Books Will (Probably) Never Be Finished Watch: Every Music Video From The 2017 Eurovision Song Contest How To Watch The 2017 Eurovision Song Contest In Australia Online And Free Travel Australian Government Contemplates In-Flight Laptop Ban Would You Wear A 'Baby On Board' Button To Get A Seat On The Train?  New Google Maps Update Makes It Even Harder To Get Lost Why You Fart More On An Aeroplane (And What You Can Do About It) Health What To Look For In A Sports Bra When You're Large Chested Lovehacker: I Banged Someone In My Professional Network. What Now? How To Enjoy Sushi Without Getting Infested With Parasites Tough Love: How To Stop Being A Lazy Piece Of Garbage  Design Have Apple And Microsoft Traded Places? Watch Apple's New Video Series On iPhone 7 Photography How To Take Selfies That Don't Look Like Selfies Aldi Is Selling A $499 3D Printer This Weekend Work Productivity Everything New About Android From Google I/O The Best And Worst Of Google I/O 2017 (So Far...) The 8-Bit ZX Spectrum Is Making A Comeback The Body Is Not A Computer, So Stop Thinking Of It As One Communicate Dealhacker: Save 40% On Kogan Mobile's 12-Month Prepaid Plans How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds The Best Value Mobile Broadband Plans In Australia How To Get A Refund From Telstra For Slow NBN Speeds Organise Briefly: Fantasy Noir, Aussie Wage Freeze, Trump FBI Bombshell Are Tesla Solar Tiles Worth The Money? Briefly: E3 Schedule, Flight Hacks, Pac-Manicures Ask LH: How Can I Train Myself To Be More Punctual? Career How To Write A Resume From Scratch [Infographic] 15 Signs You're Underpaid At Work 'Don't Be A Know-It-All; Be A Learn-It-All' Ask LH: How Can I Make My Workspace More Inspiring? Business Travel Here's What The Hook By Your Aeroplane Tray Table Is For Brace Yourself: The US Wants To Ban Electronics On All European Flights Nvidia Wants To Make All Cars Autonomous Zones Provides Easy Time Zone Conversion On The IPhone Security Meet The Cop Behind NSW Police's Hilarious Facebook Page Change Your Passwords Right Now: 560 Million Email Credentials Have Been Leaked  Too Many Australians Are Still Using Windows XP HTTP Cookies: Fact Vs Fiction Small Business & Startups Optus' Latest SMB Service Wants To Slay PABX Telephony Systems Should Your Business Be On Instagram? Elevator Pitch: Energy Locals How To Make Sure People See Your Page's Facebook Posts IT Pro Cloud Veeam Annouces Updated Office 365 Backup And Faster VM Recovery Deals: Get 1TB Of Cloud Storage For Life Megaport Boosts Trans-Pacific Network Capacity Amazon Announces EC2 Price Cuts IT Career What You Need To Do Right After Graduating University How To Deal With Weird Job Interview Questions What Is The 'Net Promoter Score' And Why Should You Care? Veeam's Recruitment Mantra: Hire Hungry, Humble And Smart IT Security WannaCry Is The Tip Of The Iceberg DDos Attacks Are Getting Smarter Microsoft Says Fighting Cyber Attacks Is A Team Effort WannaCry Costs: The Ransom Is Just The Beginning Developer Four things You Need To Know From Google I/O Deals: This Is How You Can Build Smart Home Apps Microsoft Build Tour Coming To Australia In June WhatsApp Coming To Windows Store Deployment It's 2017. Why Are Windows PCs Still Infested With Bloatware? Review: Synology RT2600ac Router Apple Acquires Lattice Data As Their AI Ambitions Grow Why It Makes Sense To Give Factory Robots AI Servers Synology Boosts VM Support With New Virtual Machine Manager Here's One Way To Build A Cheap Mini NAS Buy Your Personal Domain Name... Before A Troll Does The Best Add-Ons For Protecting Your Gmail Account Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers Four things You Need To Know From Google I/O McDonald's Now Has Its Own Mobile Ordering App Deals: This Is How You Can Build Smart Home Apps Change Your Passwords Right Now: 560 Million Email Credentials Have Been Leaked  Four things You Need To Know From Google I/O Anthony Caruana May 18, 2017, 12:30pm ⋅ Filed to:  android ar Australian Stories feature google google io mobility security vr Share Image: Getty Images Google I/O is the search and advertising giant's annual shindig for developers. This year, you could tick a few items off your buzzword bingo cards as they made a number of big announcements about mobile, security, AI - even Gmail received some love. Here are a few of the key announcements. #1 Google goes hard on AR and VR Augmented and virtual reality have been at the forefront of a number of critical areas in technology over the last couple of years. I think we've finally started to see massive movement in this area because we now have access to enough compute power, both in the cloud and locally. During I/O, Google discussed the Cloud TPU - a custom-built computer for machine learning. 64 of these devices can be networked into a TPU pod delivering an 11.5 petaflop ML supercomputer. The TPU (Tensor Processing Unit) was revealed a few weeks ago and delivers plenty of processing grunt per watt, exceeding many GPUs and CPUs. Access to that tech is via beta process devs can sign up for. #2 Rogue Android apps under attack Play Protect is what Google says will further their security commitment to Android. In their words "Android has been built with security in mind" - something a few folks I know in the security business might not agree with. Nevertheless, Google Play Protect is part of every device that can use the Google Play Store. Even though apps from the Play Store have been vetted and curated, Google says Play Protect will identify dodgy apps from other sources. So side-loaded apps are flagged if they are deemed unsafe. Play Protect will integrate the Find My Device feature as well as a number of other security functions. #3 Google Assistant wants to rule all your devices Google Assistant has received a boost with the ability to schedule appointments in your calendar through voice recognition, broader support in a number of home appliances and third-party app support from the likes of Spotify and Netflix. Developers can also build conversational apps that can get answers from third party services as well as Google. And Google Lens will use your smartphone's camera to identify information and provide you with further information. For example, if you see a poster for an upcoming concert, Google Lens will identify the text and try to direct you straight to the ticketing agency. The applications for this are quite wide. For example, I can imagine it being used for helping someone administer first aid. #4 All your base belong to Google Well, perhaps not all your base but Google is reporting some very impressive numbers when it comes to the expansion of their platforms. With operating systems covering everything from watches, to notebook computers, the company now boasts two billion monthly active users. I'm not sure there's been a tech company anywhere with a broader reach. If it has a screen it has or can have a Google service running. If you want to watch any of the event sessions you can visit the Google I/O website. WATCH MORE: Tech News Also on Lifehacker Is It Cheaper To Buy A Samsung Galaxy S8 On A Plan Than An iPhone 7? Is It Cheaper To Buy The Galaxy S8 Outright Or On A Plan? The Best NBN 50 Plans (From ISPs You’ve Never Heard Of) Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now It's 2017. Why Are Windows PCs Still Infested With Bloatware? Anthony Caruana 16 May 2017 12:30 PM I'm currently testing the fourth Windows laptop in my quest to find a replacement for the iPad Pro. After trialling a Lenovo MIIX 510, Dell XPS 13 2-in-1, Microsoft Surface Pro 4 and now a HP Spectre, I'm remembering one of things that really annoyed me about Windows computers. All the extra software that I didn't ask for. How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds Daniel Saffioti 17 May 2017 9:30 AM Poor bandwidth makes downloading content and working in the cloud impractical. Like many Australians, these are two activities that have become critical to the way I live my life. When the NBN skipped my house because it was in the older stages of the estate I live in, I decided to take matters into my own hands. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Up Your Photography Game With This Course Deals: Get 1TB Of Cloud Storage For Life Deals: Because Every Job Can Benefit From Project Management Training Deals: Protect Your Privacy Anywhere In The World With This VPN Trending Articles 1 It's 2017. Why Are Windows PCs Still Infested With Bloatware? 2 How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds 3 Meet The Cop Behind NSW Police's Hilarious Facebook Page Google Translate Talks The Talk, Thanks To AI Neural Networks 'Molecular Condoms' Could Be The Best Form Of Birth Control Yet SpaceX To Perform Its Most Heartwarming Mission Yet Winners! Tickets For The Upcoming Sherlock Exhibition! The Thing Injustice 2 Gets Right About Harley Quinn That Suicide Squad Got Wrong Sims 4 Mod Lets You Square Up With Your Toddlers Watch The Destiny 2 Reveal Here The JB Hi-Fi Review Has A Pretty Good Tekken Joke How Much Salt Is It OK To Eat? What To Look For In A Sports Bra When You're Large Chested What You Need To Do Right After Graduating University WannaCry Is The Tip Of The Iceberg 15 places where engineering majors dream of working DELOITTE: More than 80% of UK financial chiefs are struggling with high levels of Brexit uncertainty It was another ugly session for Asian markets, but it could have been worse The 10 most important things in the world right now © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google Home to add hands-free calling, personalizes the experience Paul Quinn Follow View All Posts 2017/05/17 11:07am PDTMay 17, 2017 53 Plus 1 on G+ 68 Share on Facebook 46 Share on Twitter Total Shares167 Google Home News You'll soon be able to make free hands-free calls using your Google Home to any landline or mobile number in the U.S. or Canada. Google announced the feature today and leaped over the Amazon Echo with its ability to call anyone and personalize the experience. Since your Home can recognize who is talking to it, you'll be able to access you own contacts when making a call. So, when you ask it to call mom, it will call your mom and not your roommate's mom. They've already created some great videos spots. Here are all of the new Google Home features packaged in one video. Google's announcement was unclear on what phone line you would be using to make the call, but it looks like the call can come from a private number or you can set it up to use your own mobile number. With this and the other substantial features announced today, Google is solidifying its commitment to the Home platform. We'll update this post as soon as we get more details on this feature. Source: Google Tags google home Google smart home Hands Free Calling io17 io2017 video subscribe ... Previous Story Google Home will now let you schedule calendar appointments, reminders coming soon ... Next Story The Actions on Google platform spreads to phones, with new payment support and a ton of new features Trending 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Ryan J I've held out on buying a home, but this just sold me. Joseph "...or you can set it up to use your own mobile number." Please work with Google Voice, please work with Google Voice... Ryan Yeah if this works off of my google voice number this is a big F'ing deal. Joseph https://obamadiary.files.wordpress.com/2014/03/anigif_enhanced-12660-1395936983-16.gif?w=577&h=315 surethom I bet everything Google mentions today will be America only for months, but they don't ever mention this, Apple atleast tells it users if its USA only. Paul Quinn Just added that they did say US and Canada only. Yeah, sucks. raddacle And idea if its using our carrier service or using the google voice platform and spoofing the call to display our phone number? mchalakov It's displayed as a private number by default. You can connect it to your existing phone number if you want. mchalakov You also forgot to mention that calling is for free. John Bush Apple only has USA users. Defenestratus Best. Announcement. Ever. (Seriously my verizon signal is nonexistent in my house so this is fuckin awesome news. I hope it's able to receive calls as well) F4LL0U7 Hopefully it uses Google Voice. Curt UK. UK. UK. Andrew Palmer No mention of us sadly. We don't have Google Voice though. At least let us do it by using Bluetooth via our phone Google? mchalakov Well now Google crushed Amazon... Roy R.I.P amazon eco show or not. JG Google's announcement was unclear on what phone line you would be using to make the call I was under the impression that Home was becoming a VoIP service. It won't use our personal mobile (or landline) account. That's how Google is able to offer free calling - and not have to worry about those of us who may still have limited talk time plans. I'm assuming it'll probably route through whatever back-end Google has for Voice and/or Fi. Probably similar to how Google sends SMS messages to non-Allo users. The recipient will get the SMS (or in this case voice call) but it'll come from some random number. It'll probably just show up as "A Google Home User" or whatever generic name Google chooses, If you link your number via the Home app, then Google could send your personal info instead allowing the call to look like its actually coming from you. Follow Android Police 1.49M 469k 144k 115k Latest Deals 1 [Deal Alert] Celebrate the start of Google I/O with 9 temporarily free and 10 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/17 9:09am PDTMay 17, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $50 off the new HTC U11 with promo code 2017/05/17 3:40am PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 10 [Deal Alert] Get 20% off electronics on eBay with promo code 2017/05/16 4:18pm PDTMay 16, 2017 1 [Deal Alert] 23k gold-plated LG Watch Urbane Luxe is just $150 at B&H ($150+ off) 2017/05/15 9:01pm PDTMay 15, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 69 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 274 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 92 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 311 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 18 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 24 7 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/2/17 - 5/8/17) 2017/05/08 12:30pm PDTMay 8, 2017 9 21 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/26/17 - 5/2/17) 2017/05/02 5:43pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 YouTube mobile streaming is open to all, no longer has a subscriber requirement 2017/05/17 5:46pm PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Hands-on] Futurama Worlds of Tomorrow, a clone of a clone 2017/05/17 4:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 25 Any developer can now make Instant Apps for Android 2017/05/17 2:37pm PDTMay 17, 2017 20 The Google Home app now features customizable user-defined shortcuts for Assistant 2017/05/17 2:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 0 Google's education app Expeditions is getting a new AR mode 2017/05/17 1:17pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Blast from the Past 28 1 Year Ago Today Google Cast v1.15 Reveals A New Firmware Preview Program And Some Possible New Hardware Categories [APK Teardown] 2016/05/17 3:42pm PDTMay 17, 2016 70 2 Years Ago Today Popular Xposed Framework Module GravityBox Updated To Work With Android 5.1 2015/05/17 12:59pm PDTMay 17, 2015 26 3 Years Ago Today gReader Hits Version 3.7, Brings New Themes, Custom Notifications, And More 2014/05/17 6:50pm PDTMay 17, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today Facebook Pages Manager App Updated To 1.4 With Photo Albums, Drafts, And The Mighty Banhammer 2013/05/17 7:21pm PDTMay 17, 2013 255 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Verizon Clarifies] Verizon Will End Unlimited Data Grandfathering If You Buy A 4G Phone From This Summer Onward 2012/05/17 2:58pm PDTMay 17, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Vodafail: The Story Of The Stolen Xperia Play Shipment In New Zealand Is Fake, Just A [Tasteless] Marketing Ploy 2011/05/17 9:19pm PDTMay 17, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today Exclusive: Could These Features Be Coming To The Next-Next Generation Of Android Market? [Leaked Rumors] 2010/05/17 8:06pm PDTMay 17, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 104 [Update: Visa confirms, kinda] Android Pay launches seem imminent for Canada and Russia 2017/05/17 9:27am PDTMay 17, 2017 167 [Update: Factory images and OTA files] Android beta registration is back, O Dev Preview 2 rolling out now 2017/05/17 2:44pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 7 Days 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 475 Netflix confirms it is blocking rooted/unlocked devices, app itself is still working (for now) 2017/05/13 3:08pm PDTMay 13, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 30 Days 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 118 queries | 0.321s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Suggested Sharing, Photo Books, and Shared Libraries in Google Photos utilize machine learning to group photos together Richard Gao Follow View All Posts 2017/05/17 12:05pm PDTMay 17, 2017 20 Plus 1 on G+ 44 Share on Facebook 42 Share on Twitter Total Shares106 Google News Videos Google Photos is something many people use every day; the automatic backup feature is so convenient, and the free unlimited storage is a major selling point. At I/O 2017, Google unveiled three new features: Suggested Sharing, Shared Libraries, and Photo Books. All of these use Photos' excellent machine learning technology to group faces together. Suggested Sharing Reminding people to share photos they've taken is a common thing, and Google knows that. To alleviate this issue, the Suggested Sharing feature reminds you to share, groups photos with common faces together, and even suggests who the photos should be sent to based on the faces that it recognizes in those photos. After sharing, your friends and family will obviously be able to see the photos from a certain event or occasion. That's not all, though; they'll also get reminded to add their own pictures, too. Suggested Sharing will roll out to Android, iOS, and the web in the 'coming weeks,' and it'll call the new Sharing tab its home. Shared Libraries If there's one person who you share everything with, whether it be your significant other or just a great friend, Shared Libraries may be for you. This enables you to share your entire photo library to be shared with another person, or only photos of certain people or photos taken after a certain date. In addition, when another person shares their library with you, you can select which photos/videos that you want saved to your personal library. Shared Libraries will also be rolling out in the next few weeks to Android, iOS, and the web. Photo Books People used to spend loads of time organizing photos and putting them in albums, but services such as Google Photos negated the need for much of that. But if you still have to have physical copies of your pictures, Photo Books may be of interest to you. They can even be made straight from your phone, with the Photos app pre-grouping photos by face, location, or some other characteristic. On top of that, Photos can automatically remove pictures you don't want, like duplicates or blurry ones. Google will also be able to suggest Photo Books that could be printed based on trips or family time, but that won't be available at launch. Softcover Photo Books will start at $9.99, and hardcovers at $19.99. It's available today in the US on the web, and will be coming to Android and iOS in the coming weeks. Photo Books will come to other countries soon as well. Fun fact: I/O participants are receiving free ones. Source: Google Tags Google I/O google+ photos io17 io2017 machine learning photo books shared libraries suggested sharing video subscribe ... Previous Story You can now make photo books with Google Photos ... Next Story Play Protect brings Google's app scanning to the foreground in the Play Store Trending 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments surethom Hope this works here in the UK apart from photo book, using VPN hack to enable face detection? Vlad Using VPN once seems to have enabled face detection for me for good. I've had it for over an year and haven't used any kind of proxy/VPN since I've enabled it. Fresh360 After Gmail, Photos is Google's best app and it keeps getting better. Suicide_Note In my experience I'd rate Photos number one, and everything else a distant second. Fresh360 and you know what I can't really disagree...Viva La Photos! Régis Knechtel I'd put Maps as a close second. mxwp the one thing i would love (but it's niche so i doubt Big G will ever implement it) is the ability to sort photos in albums by filename. it was there in picasa. Fresh360 The search is so powerful within Photos that there is really no need 2 sort, that's 1 of the reasons I really love it. I don't change filenames on my pics so to sort would just be numeric order. Mikael Jakobsson self am left Google Photo, dont relly like to need to open broswer surf to a webpages for find some photos when man are close to a PC, and Microsoft Story Remix look very awsome. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bPaIRyfYeoo Lars Jeppesen U drunk? Daeshaun If shared libraries work with pets, I'm going to need that. KChristainsen Why can't goggle ever have the app ready and release it when it gets announced. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner It allows them to gauge interest and gather feedback even before the development cycle is done, so they can make last minute adjustments to the products if they want. In extreme examples, they can even scrap a project before they go to production with it. (e.g. Nexus Q) Ciorius And still shifting the date of DSLR or non GPS photos if taken in a different timezone Artem Russakovskii I want shared libraries so badly. Was just thinking that unlike with Dropbox's shared folders, there's no good way for my wife to share her photos with me. The freedom Google Photos will give us here (share all, share all after certain date, share only when certain people are recognized) is amazing. ZettabyteGamer The photo books are pretty nifty too! whispy_snippet Yeah I think they'll make a killing with these. Follow Android Police 1.49M 469k 144k 115k Latest Deals 1 [Deal Alert] Celebrate the start of Google I/O with 9 temporarily free and 10 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/17 9:09am PDTMay 17, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $50 off the new HTC U11 with promo code 2017/05/17 3:40am PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 10 [Deal Alert] Get 20% off electronics on eBay with promo code 2017/05/16 4:18pm PDTMay 16, 2017 1 [Deal Alert] 23k gold-plated LG Watch Urbane Luxe is just $150 at B&H ($150+ off) 2017/05/15 9:01pm PDTMay 15, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 69 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 274 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 92 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 311 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 18 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 24 7 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/2/17 - 5/8/17) 2017/05/08 12:30pm PDTMay 8, 2017 9 21 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/26/17 - 5/2/17) 2017/05/02 5:43pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 YouTube mobile streaming is open to all, no longer has a subscriber requirement 2017/05/17 5:46pm PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Hands-on] Futurama Worlds of Tomorrow, a clone of a clone 2017/05/17 4:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 25 Any developer can now make Instant Apps for Android 2017/05/17 2:37pm PDTMay 17, 2017 20 The Google Home app now features customizable user-defined shortcuts for Assistant 2017/05/17 2:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 0 Google's education app Expeditions is getting a new AR mode 2017/05/17 1:17pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Blast from the Past 28 1 Year Ago Today Google Cast v1.15 Reveals A New Firmware Preview Program And Some Possible New Hardware Categories [APK Teardown] 2016/05/17 3:42pm PDTMay 17, 2016 70 2 Years Ago Today Popular Xposed Framework Module GravityBox Updated To Work With Android 5.1 2015/05/17 12:59pm PDTMay 17, 2015 26 3 Years Ago Today gReader Hits Version 3.7, Brings New Themes, Custom Notifications, And More 2014/05/17 6:50pm PDTMay 17, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today Facebook Pages Manager App Updated To 1.4 With Photo Albums, Drafts, And The Mighty Banhammer 2013/05/17 7:21pm PDTMay 17, 2013 255 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Verizon Clarifies] Verizon Will End Unlimited Data Grandfathering If You Buy A 4G Phone From This Summer Onward 2012/05/17 2:58pm PDTMay 17, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Vodafail: The Story Of The Stolen Xperia Play Shipment In New Zealand Is Fake, Just A [Tasteless] Marketing Ploy 2011/05/17 9:19pm PDTMay 17, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today Exclusive: Could These Features Be Coming To The Next-Next Generation Of Android Market? [Leaked Rumors] 2010/05/17 8:06pm PDTMay 17, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 104 [Update: Visa confirms, kinda] Android Pay launches seem imminent for Canada and Russia 2017/05/17 9:27am PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Amazon announces new $50 Fire 7 and $80 Fire HD 8 tablets, with kids models for both 2017/05/17 7:48am PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 7 Days 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 475 Netflix confirms it is blocking rooted/unlocked devices, app itself is still working (for now) 2017/05/13 3:08pm PDTMay 13, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 30 Days 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 120 queries | 0.393s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Google Play Protect has been protecting Android devices for years JC Torres - May 17, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Machine learning was the pervading theme of Google’s keynote at I/O 2017, and it has found ways to inject it into almost every nook and cranny possible. Case in point is the “all new” Google Play Protect, which uses machine learning to weed out malicious Android apps and keep them from harming your device. As impressive as that might sound, this something Google has actually been doing on Android for years now. At least those Android devices with Google Play Services. Unlike Apple, Google’s doesn’t scrutinize each and every submission to the Play Store app market. That doesn’t mean, however, that it isn’t keeping an eye out for harmful apps. Like true-blooded engineers, they simply opted to automate the process rather than do things manually. The system has gone by many names but now Google is formally putting it to the foreground as Google Play Protect. Protect’s duties start right before an app is posted publicly on Play Store. It scans apps and puts a stop to them right then and there if they are deemed to exhibit unwanted behavior. At the same time, Google Play Protect is also at work on your device itself, routinely scanning apps in the background, whether they were installed from Play Store or via sideloading, and identifies and blocks errant apps. You can even manually trigger a scan if you so wish. So where does the machine learning come in? Since it would be logistically impossible for Google to screen apps now (unless it overhauls its entire dev ecosystem), the only way automated systems like Protect can identify malicious apps is by learning what constitutes bad behavior. It does so by comparing the behavior of nearly 50 million apps installed over 1 billion devices and learns the good from the bad. Not directly related to misbehaving apps but still under the “protecting your device” heading, Google has relocated what was once known as “Android Device Manager” to Play Protect. It is now called “Find My Device”, unsurprisingly, but pretty much functions in exactly the same way. Except now it can lock down and remotely erase smartwatches, too! SOURCE: Google Tags AndroidgoogleGoogle IOGoogle Play Storemobile Must Read Bits & Bytes This is what Embedded Android is like in Audi’s Google I/O concept car Everything from the Google I/O 2017 opening keynote Go-tcha Review for Pokemon GO [Auto Update Auto-Catch Time!] After 20 years, HTC reveals how the sausage is made HTC U11 hands-on: The Android flagship you want to squeeze Latest Headlines Xiaomi Mi 6 teardown examines waterproofing, clear back option May 18, 2017 Nintendo unloads more juicy ARMS tidbits for the Switch May 17, 2017 This is what Embedded Android is like in Audi’s Google I/O concept car May 17, 2017 Google Calendar and Todoist get real-time task and event syncing May 17, 2017 Arrested Development season 5 is officially inbound for Netflix May 17, 2017 Latest Reviews 808 Audio CANZ Glo portable wireless speaker mini Review May 17, 2017 Go-tcha Review for Pokemon GO [Auto Update Auto-Catch Time!] May 16, 2017 Elgato Stream Deck Review: Too useful just for Twitch streamers May 15, 2017 Lenovo Yoga 720 Review — a slim, premium laptop with Thunderbolt May 10, 2017 Hulu Live TV Review: The promise of good things to come May 7, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Android’s Instant Apps Now Available To All Developers By Tyler Lee on 05/17/2017 19:19 PDT At last year’s Google I/O event, the company announced an upcoming feature called Instant Apps, however fast forward to this year and that feature has yet to roll out in earnest, although recent reports have suggested it could be soon. Turns out the reports were right as Google has announced that Instant Apps will now be available to all developers. For those who are unfamiliar with Instant Apps, basically these are apps that can be launched within your mobile device’s browser. The idea is that it will save users time and data from having to download and install the app, especially if this is an app that they might only plan on using a couple of times. For example if you’re traveling in a foreign country and there is a country-specific app you want to use, you won’t need to download it as you will be able to access it via your browser there and then. Of course this will require developers to make sure that it is Instant App compatible, which is what Google’s announcement at this year’s I/O event is all about. For developers who are interested in making their apps compatible, just head on over to the Android Developer website where there are details and instructions on how to do just that. Filed in Cellphones. Read more about Android, Apps, Google, google i/o 2017 and google io. Related Articles 2017-05-17 Notification Dots Will Be Coming To Android O 2017-05-17 ‘Android Go’ Is A Lightweight Version Of Android For Low-End Devices 2017-05-17 Google Play Protect Will Help Make Android Devices More Secure 2017-05-17 Possible Nokia 8/9 Flagship Android Smartphone Spotted In Video 2017-05-12 Google I/O 2017: What to Expect 2016-05-19 Google Play Will Have An ‘Early Access’ Section For Open Betas Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google hits major milestones, Android now has 2bn global monthly users By Rei Padla - May 17, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Ever wondered how many active Android users are there in the world? We’re guessing hundreds of millions but at this week’s Google I/O Conference, the tech giant announced that there are already two billion monthly active devices. It’s a giant milestone after a decade of existence. Android as a platform has since grown into more than just a brand. Others are saying it’s already a lifestyle since it is integrated with numerous products and services in and outside the home. Android has a large user base not only in the United States but all over the world. The mobile computing platform is run on hundreds of device models in the market with the OS available in different versions. Google shared a number of important information about how Android and other related platforms are doing and will further advance. For example, Android Wear is getting new partners. This means more smartwatches will be introduced to the wearable market. Brands like New Balance, Emporio Armani, and Movado are announcing their smarwatch entries soon. When it comes to Android TV, the platform sees a million device activations every two months. Android TV is being enhanced with a new channel-based experience on the home screen. The Android Auto platform has grown ten times since 2016 and more vehicles are now supported. About 300 models from different brands support Android Auto. Chromebooks are not just Chrome OS-powered notebooks. Some of the latest models have Google Play Store support which means they can run Android apps. In the United States, about 60% of K-12 laptops sold are Chromebooks. Outside the country, there was a 75% increase. Android users have installed 82 billion mobile apps and games on their devices in the past year alone. As for the smart home arena through the Internet of Things, Google will soon launch Android Things. Google now has a pool of thousands of developers from over 60 countries using the connected device platform. Google also showed off the Android O. The tech giant said the new platform will offer more fluid experiences to mobile devices with vital improvements on security and battery life. Some changes include picture-in-picture so you can do two tasks at a time. Copy-paste function has been enhanced with the Smart Text Selection. This Android O is designed to make any phone and app startup faster than before. Battery improvements are also expected with Android O. When it comes to security, the Google Play Protect will made Android device safe and secure. It’s a new built-in comprehensive security service for Android phones that deletes possibly harmful apps. There’s also the Find My Device feature so you can locate or lock missing devices. Last but not the least, Google has introduced ‘Android Go’ made especially for entry-level phones with less memory. For devices with 1GB or less of memory, Android Go will help users by optimizing the features. This is ideal for those who speak multiple languages and have very limited data connectivity. More popular apps like Gboard, Chrome, and YouTube Go will also be improved so they can be used with less memory. Google I/O just started. We know you’re all excited to discover what Google developers have prepared for the Android community this 2017 and beyond. Feel free to follow our posts tagged with Google IO. SOURCE: The Keyword (Google) Story Timeline Google now open to ticket applications for Google IO 2017 TAGS Android Google Google IO Internet of Things Smartphone Rei Padla Must Read HTC U11 Hands-on: squeezing every last measure available BlackBerry KEYone Review Samsung Galaxy S8 Review Community 922.5klikes 476.6kfollowers 85.9kcomments / Free WordPress Plugins and WordPress Themes by Silicon Themes. Join us right now! Latest Devices Amazon Fire HD 8 Kids Edition (2017) Amazon Fire 7 Kids Edition (2017) Amazon Fire HD 8 (2017) About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise RSS Feed © 2008 - 2017 Android Community
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Google Assistant wants to be the next Venmo The virtual assistant will let you make peer-to-peer payments through voice command. Mobile by Jennifer Bisset May 17, 2017 7:02 PM PDT Claudia Cruz/CNET Google really wants to make buying things easier, adding a transactions function to its virtual assistant that will enable payments, identification, notifications, receipts and account creation. Plus, you'll also be able to send peer-to-peer payments with your voice. At Google I/O, the search giant's annual conference for developers, it was announced that Google Assistant will let you send cash digitally to friends. Google Assistant is available for iPhones (!) and Android phones running Android 6.0 Marshmallow or higher. Details are scant at the moment, and it's not yet known if the feature will be available on Google's Home speaker. Other companies like Venmo and Square Cash let both Apple and Android phone users transfer money. Venmo is getting more popular among millennials, and mid-2017 will see the launch of Zelle, a new payment service from a handful of banks. Google has not yet announced the launch date for the new feature. Catch the Google I/O livestream and check out all the news from latest Google I/O news. CNET Magazine: Check out a sampling of the stories you'll find in CNET's newsstand edition. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Google I/O 2017 Mobile Tech Industry Google CNET Review Google Pixel XL The Google Pixel XL serves up a superior camera and Google Assistant in a bigger, sharper display. $769.00 See it Google I/O 2017 All the news from the annual Google I/O event, including the latest on Android. May 18 Google Assistant wants to be the next Venmo May 18 Hell froze over: Google Assistant is on the iPhone May 18 Find your lost Android device with Google's Find My Device May 17 How Google injects speed into the mobile web All Google I/O 2017 Stories More stories Hell froze over: Google Assistant is on the iPhone How Google injects speed into the mobile web Google Photos is better at sharing your photos than you are Google Lens vision recognition tells you what you're looking at Close   Discuss: Google Assistant wants to be the next Venmo Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Why Android is likely safe from a WannaCry-like attack 5 new features on Android O Google's Android O has several new features that aim to give you a more fluid phone experience, including picture in picture and faster copy and paste. 3:22 New Apple laptops coming, Instagram Stories gets face filters The biggest tech headlines of the day include word that new Apple laptops are coming, Google's Assistant heading to iOS and Instagram Stories getting face-recognition filters. by Jeff Bakalar 1:08 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Digital Trends Home > Mobile > Google will soon use machine learning to help you… Google will soon use machine learning to help you find the right job By Adam Ismail — May 17, 2017 2:25 pm Subscribe Share Julian Chokkattu/Digital Trends Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you With Google for Jobs, Google is trying to make it easier for everyone to find a job that is right for them. Google wants to make your next job search a lot less painful. That is one of the initiatives the company addressed during the keynote presentation of this year’s Google I/O conference in Mountain View, California, on Wednesday. It is called Google for Jobs and it embeds powerful and intuitive job search tools right in Google Search for faster, more relevant results. Google demoed the feature during the presentation. A quick search for “retail jobs” brought up a list of nearby positions, which could then be filtered by category, title, date posted, and even commute times. You are even able to turn on job alerts based on the criteria you set. The project was driven by a desire to solve what Google CEO Sundar Pichai termed a “complex, multifaceted problem” — the disconnect between talent shortages at employers and an abundance of people looking for work. “Just like we focused our contributions on teachers and students through Google for Education, we want to better connect employers and job seekers,” Pichai said on stage at I/O. To that end, Google’s CEO says the company has invested the past year in developing a machine learning-based solution — a cloud jobs API provided to employers that Google says has already produced promising results in testing. Johnson and Johnson, for example, cited an 18 percent increase in applicants through the use of Google’s API. Pichai says the list of employers using that API is growing, but the real magic begins when job seekers type their desired position into Google Search. “We realized the first step for many people when they start looking for a job is searching on Google,” Pichai said. “So we built a new feature in search with the goal that no matter who you are, or what kind of job you’re looking for, you can find the job postings that are right for you.” The CEO made a point to reiterate that Google’s solution is designed for employees of all wage and experience levels, as well as those working positions that have been historically difficult to classify or search for online. Even better, Google is using machine learning to clear up the confusion created by employers using a wealth of different titles to describe similar positions, and job seekers being unable to adjust to the terminology used by each hiring office. So a search for “retail jobs” will produce results for store clerks, sales representatives, customer service associates, and more. Tapping a listing will bring you to a Google-designed general overview page detailing basic information about the position, as well as a Maps window showing the location. An “Apply” button will send you instantly to the listing on the employer’s hiring site. “Whether you’re at a community college looking for a barista job, a teacher who’s relocating across the country and you want teaching jobs, or someone who’s looking for work in construction, the product should do a great job of bringing that information to you,” Pichai said. The feature should roll out to users in the U.S. in the coming weeks, with the rest of the world to follow.
Digital Trends Home > Home Theater > Move over, Netflix. Google wants YouTube to take… Move over, Netflix. Google wants YouTube to take over your living room By Brendan Hesse — Updated May 17, 2017 2:36 pm Subscribe Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you Watching YouTube on your TV is now easier and more enticing with 360 degree video support, and Chromecast voice control via Google Home integration. One of the main takeaways from Wednesday’s Google I/O 2017 press conference was that Google wants YouTube to take center stage on the biggest screen in your home. While YouTube’s one billion hours of video content streamed each day is done primarily on mobile devices at present, Google claims TV viewing is growing at a rate of 90 percent per year — and the company hopes to continue to increase that number. During Wednesday’s press conference Google’s head of Living Room Products, Sarah Ali, took to the stage to present several new YouTube features you’ll be able to enjoy on your TV. First, Chromecast is joining the Internet of Things in a big thanks to integration with Google Home. Those with Google Home speakers, for instance, will be able to control a Chromecast or Chromecast Ultra using Google Assistant on your Google Home device just as you would any other Home-integrated device. That means calling up videos and TV content from YouTube’s live TV service, YouTube TV, without lifting a finger. As an example, Google showed Modern Family’s Phil Dunphe using a Google Home speaker to call up a video about pirates and badminton with nothing more than a random voice command. One of the other cool announcements was that YouTube’s 360 video feature will be coming to YouTube apps for TVs, streaming devices, and gaming consoles, instead of having to use your phone or a VR headset to watch. The stage demo showed off a beautiful video of the Aurora Borealis in Alaska as an example, and Ali was able to move around her location with an Android TV remote. Live 360 videos from live-streamed events like Coachella, and other events will also be supported. Finding this content will work just like searching for other content in the YouTube app, and allows for voice assistance to make pinpoint searches — in theory, anyway. We haven’t seen the new feature in action just yet. In addition, Google gave a live demo showing how the previously launched Super Chat feature can be used by YouTube streamers and content creators to connect better with one another. Super Chat gives viewers the ability to purchase special messages for a price of $1-$500, which will be highlighted in the live video chats. To show off the feature Google showed a way to use Super Chat to fundraise for a charity, in this case with each dollar equaling one water balloon being lobbed at popular YouTube content creators the SloMo Guys. It’s an interesting, albeit goofy, method for supporting creator and audience interactions, but many YouTubers will likely find more creative ways to use it. We’ll find out more as Google I/O continues, and we’ll hopefully be adding some hands on experience with the new features from the floor of the event, so stay tuned.
Digital Trends Home > Android Army > Android Instant Apps and Progressive Web Apps load… Android Instant Apps and Progressive Web Apps load instantly on your phone By Julian Chokkattu — Updated May 17, 2017 2:27 pm Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you No more cluttering your phone with one-off apps — Google's Instant Apps will load when you need them without taking up space. Every company has an app. Want to buy a camera? Buy one through B&H’s app. Want to refill your parking meter? Download the app and make sure your car doesn’t get towed. Sure, some of these actions can be done via a mobile site, but they don’t always offer the best user experience —  and most people don’t want to install an app for a one-time scenario, like when you visit a museum or want to pay for parking. That’s why Android will soon be able to open apps without the need for users to install them. It’s called Android Instant Apps, and it launched in limited preview on Wednesday at Google’s I/O developer conference. Google took the wraps off Instant Apps last year, at I/O 2016. But it formally announced an Instant Apps software development kit (SDK) at a session on Google’s Mountain View campus in May. (Developers using Google’s Android Studio 3.0 Canary 1 preview should get it today.) It’s available on the “latest Android devices” in more than 40 countries starting today. Instant Apps work by downloading only the parts of the app that are needed — when you tap a URL, it appears to launch instantly. This way, rather than having to download and keep the B&H retail app installed on your device, you’ll be able to access it via a link any time you browse through or decide to purchase a camera. Instant Apps go hand-in-hand with Google’s Progressive Web Apps (PWA) effort. In the coming months, users will be able to add a link to PWAs — web apps that behave like native apps, in essence — to their device home screens, app drawers, settings menu, and notifications. They’re under 1MB in size — 10-20 times smaller than the average Android app. Google Play product manager Ellie Powers said that the company’s partners (including HotPads, Jet, the New York Times, Vimeo, and One Football) have launched 50 instant apps so far, and that some had seen double-digit increases in purchases and videos watched as a result. “As a developer, you won’t need to build a new, separate app,” according to the Android blog post. “It’s the same Android APIs, the same project, the same source code. You’ll simply update your existing Android app to take advantage of Instant Apps functionality. In fact, it can take less than a day to get up and running for some developers, though the effort involved will vary depending on how your app is structured.” If you do want to keep the app, you’ll be able to download it via a button in the Instant App. Developers will have to upgrade their existing apps to implement Android Instant App’s features — but it can only be a boon for both developers and consumers. Developers get free advertising for their apps, which people may have never known existed. And users will be able to gain a fast, well-designed experience specific to mobile. You also won’t have to re-enter your credit card information to make payments in Android Instant Apps, unlike how you would have to if you installed the app outright. For people who can’t have too many power-hungry apps due to using an older device, this is also a solid benefit since it’s one less app to have installed. Google demoed the integration through a device running Android KitKat. Android Instant Apps works through Google Play, so it will only work on devices that have Google Play Services enabled — that rules out devices in China and Amazon’s Android tablets. Article originally published May 2017. Updated on 05-17-2017 by Kyle Wiggers: Added news of Android Instant Apps SDK launch and Progressive Web Apps. 
Digital Trends Home > Android Army > Asus Zenfone 4 smartphones: Rumors and News Asus Zenfone 4 smartphones: Rumors and News Project Tango-powered Asus Zenfone AR arrives this summer, Google says By Andy Boxall — Updated May 17, 2017 12:48 pm Share Andy Boxall/Digital Trends Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you Asus is rumored to replace its sprawling Zenfone 3 range with new, higher specification models in the next months. Asus certainly made the most of the Zenfone 3 range in 2016 and even early 2017, having launched a wide variety of spin-off devices, including the Zenfone 3 Deluxe, Zenfone 3 Laser, and most recently, the Zenfone 3 Zoom. Where does it go from here? Rumors are beginning to spread about the arrival of the Zenfone 4, Asus’ replacement to the Zenfone 3. Details are slim at the moment, but here’s what we think we know about the company’s upcoming phones so far. A range of devices The Zenfone AR, developed in tandem with Google’s Project Tango augmented reality initiative, will release this summer. That’s according to Clay Bavor, Google’s vice president of virtual reality development, who made the announcement during the keynote address of Google’s I/O conference on May 17. Tango gives devices improved motion tracking and depth perception capabilities. It also allows for area learning, so the Zenfone AR can remember the key features of a physical space, and even measure out the size of objects with unprecedented accuracy. The Zenfone AR may also give us a hint at what’s to come from the Zenfone 4 series. A January 2017 report published by DigiTimes, which has a hit-and-miss reputation with rumors, says the new phones will have higher specifications than Zenfone 3 models, but will end up costing more to buy. First announced during CES 2017, the Zenfone AR is an impressive device, with a Snapdragon 821 processor, a giant 8GB of RAM, and a big 5.7-inch Super AMOLED screen with a 2560 x 1440 pixel resolution. If just one Zenfone 4 model takes after the Zenfone AR, we’ll be excited. The DigiTimes report also stated that Asus planned to launch the Zenfone 4 range in May. The information was apparently sourced from the supply chain in Taiwan. It’s interesting to note we’re told Asus will launch “smartphones,” plural, which points to another set of Zenfone devices, rather than a single model. The Zenfone 4 phone launch may coincide with the Zenfone AR being put on sale. At the end of 2016, and then again after the New Year, an Asus phone with the model number X00GD was spotted after it was registered on China’s TENAA regulatory board website. Believed to be a mid-range member of the Zenfone 4 family, its standout feature is a large 4,850mAh battery, which, considering it’s only powering a 5.2-inch, 1280 x 720 pixel screen and a 1.5GHz octa-core processor, should provide plenty of standby time. Other specifications include a 13-megapixel rear camera, and either 2GB or 4GB of RAM. If Asus follows the Zenfone 3 range, we should see a standard Zenfone 4 and a Zenfone 4 Max, along with an even larger Zenfone 4 Deluxe. Although the Zenfone 4 name is being used at the moment, Asus has used it before, back in 2014 when the number four was used to denote the screen size of the phone. It’s not certain the company will want to reuse it this time. Zenfone 4 Max A GFXBench leak, discovered by GizmoChina, alongside a brief listing on Asus’ support website that has since been taken down, have given us what could be our first look at the upcoming Zenfone 4 Max. The GFXBench report deals with an Asus device code-named X00ID, and the device that was mentioned on Asus’ site is known as ZC554KL. As GSMDome notes, the latter follows in Asus’ device-naming strategy, indicating a successor to last year’s Zenfone 3 Max, which was dubbed ZC553KL. The handset named X00ID is rumored to feature a 5.5-inch 1280 x 720 display powered by a 1.4GHz Qualcomm quad-core processor. The GPU on board is an Adreno 505, and the device has 3GB of RAM to work with, alongside 32GB of storage — 9GB of which are taken up by the operating system. More interestingly, the spec sheet mentions two rear-facing cameras — a 12-megapixel shooter capable of recording 4K video, and another 5-megapixel shooter. The camera at the front is said to be 7 megapixels. GSMDome states that the name ZC554KL indicates a number of characteristics about the device — a primary one being the 5.5-inch display, as designated by the “55” in the name. If this is indeed the case, both reports may point to the same device — however, they disagree as to the nature of the processor. GSMDome believes a midrange Snapdragon 625 or 660 system-on-a-chip could be in the cards for the Zenfone 4 Max, while GizmoChina speculates it will see a Snapdragon 430. The 625 was featured in the Zenfone 3 line, and the 660 is an updated version that was revealed in early May. The 660 is rumored to debut in the upcoming Nokia 8, as well as Xiaomi’s Mi Max 2. The lower-powered 430 is featured in the Nokia 6, and GizmoChina expects to see it in the Zenfone 4 Max based on the Adreno 505 GPU listed on the GFXBench spec sheet. It’s still early days in terms of news about the Zenfone 4 Max; as always, take these rumors with a grain of salt. We’ll keep you updated with Zenfone 4 news and rumors here, so check back often. Article originally published on 01-20-2017 by Andy Boxall. Article updated on 05-17-2017 by Adam Ismail: Added Zenfone AR release news.
Digital Trends Home > Mobile > Google’s new Visual Positioning System takes… Google’s new Visual Positioning System takes learning, navigation to new levels By Brad Bourque — May 17, 2017 1:17 pm Subscribe Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you Google has unveiled its Visual Positioning System, which could usher in new ways for navigating the world and learning. As Google rolls out a slew of new features for Android and Daydream, one stood out as a triumphant convergence of a number of projects from parent company Alphabet, including Project Tango, Google Maps, and Lens. It’s called the Visual Positioning System, or VPS, and it uses internal sensors and cameras to help you navigate the world around you. The practical use is simple, even if the underlying technology isn’t. Users can walk into a store and point their phone’s camera in front of them. After identifying what it is you’re looking for, VPS will kick in, using visual data and previous sessions to point you in the right direction. Google showed it off in a hardware store, but it’s not hard to imagine how the technology could be extended to malls, large stadiums, theme parks, or museums. As it turns out, learning is one of the main goals for the VPS, as well as Google’s augmented reality plans at large. Through what Google is calling Expeditions, kids, and really any curious minds, can explore intangible or difficult to visualize scientific concepts as if they were right in front of them. While Expeditions has been around for two years, it was previously based on virtual reality utilizing Google Cardboard. Now, using compatible phones, students were shown wandering about a classroom examining lungs, volcanoes, and strands of DNA. Google says the tech works as described now, and the Asus Zenphone coming later this year will be the first to implement the new and improved Project Tango. While it may not seem like the most exciting tech, Google’s VPS takes the troubled Project Tango and cements it into a real, usable feature with a huge amount of potential. Beyond just preventing everyday users from awkward conversation about where to find “that one thing with the handles” at Costco, it could help users with limited sight or mobility navigate complex areas, or bring artwork and learning experiences into classrooms where they might not fit through the door.
Digital Trends Home > Virtual Reality > Google reveals stand-alone mobile VR headset for… Google reveals stand-alone mobile VR headset for its Daydream platform By Kevin Parrish — Updated May 17, 2017 1:46 pm Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you Google's Daydream virtual reality platform is taking another step forward. Google is conjuring up a stand-alone mobile VR headset. Google launched its Daydream platform for Android in 2016, enabling specific Android phones to support virtual reality content. It followed that up with the Daydream View headset for those phones in October 2016. At Wednesday’s Google I/O keynote, it was revealed that Google is conjuring up a stand-alone mobile VR headset. For starters, Daydream View requires a compatible smartphone to be physically inserted into the headset, which generates all the visual on-screen content. While the number of compatible phones is limited, Clay Bavor, vice president of Google’s Virtual Reality division, indicated that additional manufacturers such as LG have jumped on the Daydream bandwagon. LG will introduce a compatible phone later this year. Samsung has its own Gear VR headset that works only with a handful of Galaxy smartphones, including the new S8 and S8 Plus, but come this summer, those two phones will also support Google thanks to a software update. But the big surprise in Bavor’s announcement was that Google is working on a stand-alone mobile VR headset that doesn’t require a smartphone, a PC, or the associated cables. Google worked with Qualcomm to create a reference design that will be used by Lenovo and HTC. That’s right, the creator of the popular Vive headset for PC-based virtual reality is working on a mobile VR headset too. “Vive will be making a stand-alone VR product for the Google Daydream Platform,” an HTC representative said after the reveal. “Vive represents the best VR experience in market, whether it is PC-powered or stand-alone devices. We’ve been working with developers and consumers for years to ensure Vive offers the best VR solution, no matter what form it takes.” According to Bavor, getting into VR will be as simple as throwing the headset on. Since the hardware isn’t centered around a smartphone, the design is optimized for tether-free virtual reality. It uses what Google calls WorldSense, a precise positional tracking system that relies on a “handful” of sensors to keep track of the user’s surroundings. That eliminates the need for external sensors and a setup process to establish the playing area. Of course, that also means users can move about and experience virtual worlds without having to worry about a tethered connection, or bumping into people and objects. Users will have the ability to jump, duck, weave, and do whatever they physically want without constraints. In turn, developers can create experiences that go beyond the traditional PC-based and phone-based limitations. Lenovo and HTC aren’t coughing up the hardware specifics about their upcoming headsets, but they will share additional details soon. Both units will presumably rely on a Qualcomm Snapdragon processor based on the reference design mentioned by Bavor. HTC said that its model will provide “a deeper and more immersive portable VR experience than ever before.” Headsets built by Lenovo and HTC will arrive in late 2017 to take on Microsoft’s Mixed Reality headsets for Windows 10. Lenovo said on Wednesday that it plans to offer an early preview of its upcoming Daydream-based headset, so stay tuned for that.
Digital Trends Home > Android Army > Everything you need to know about Google Daydream Everything you need to know about Google Daydream Stand-alone headsets, Galaxy S8 support are on the way to Google Daydream By Julian Chokkattu — Updated May 17, 2017 3:18 pm Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Daydream, Google’s high-quality virtual reality platform for Android, is here — and so is the search giant’s headset, Daydream View. The platform is Google’s strongest attempt yet at muscling into a market that competitors like Facebook’s Oculus, HTC’s Vive, and others have already begun to corner. And more broadly speaking, it’s a show of confidence in a burgeoning medium that some say has the potential to upend entire industries. Wondering what’s up with Daydream? Not to worry. We’ve rounded up all the pertinent details and fresh-off-the-press news for your perusal. Bookmark our handy guide to Google’s VR and never wonder again about which phones and headsets support it, or which apps are debuting on it. Daydream stand-alone  At Google I/O 2017, the search giant announced a new category of Daydream devices: Stand-alone VR headsets. Stand-alone Daydream headsets are entirely self-contained, Google said, thanks to new WorldSense positional tracking technology that tracks movements in space. The company partnered with Qualcomm on hardware that doesn’t require any external sensors. “These devices build on what’s already great about smartphone-based VR, and make the experience even easier and more comfortable with WorldSense,” Google explained. The new headsets are fully compatible with Daydream’s other new component: Visual Positioning Service (VPS). Using the depth-sensing IR Tango sensors on phones like the Lenovo Phab 2 Pro, Google-built software can map indoor locations so that devices can understand their position in real time. Daydream View The Daydream View is Google’s virtual reality headset, in which Daydream-ready phones can sit to provide a VR experience. The first Daydream-ready phone was the Google Pixel, but others have followed suit. The whole Daydream setup is similar to Samsung’s Gear VR system, only Google’s Daydream View headset is not locked to specific phones from a specific manufacturer. Users simply open the front flap and insert their compatible Android phone. That makes the headset extremely inexpensive when compared to the PC-based Oculus Rift and HTC Vive, as the smartphone provides all of the hardware necessary for an engulfing VR experience. Not only that, but users can now replace the Daydream View’s facepad, or the part of the headset that rests against your face. That’s helpful for those that use the headset a lot, and means you can do away with your old and dirty facepads without having to replace the entire headset. The facepad costs $15, and can be bought from the Google Store. The design of the Daydream View is built around one thing — comfort. And, it’s the byproduct of a collaboration between Google and a number of clothing manufacturers. The end result is a product featuring soft fabrics and a 30 percent lower weight than competing products on the market. This should be great on the phone as well, preventing possible scratches on the screen. On top of that, customers can also wear the headset over their glasses. There are also no wires getting in the way, as the headset connects to the compatible Android phone wirelessly. Three color variations are available: Slate, Snow, and Crimson. In addition to the headset, there’s also the Daydream View controller. It is small, sporting rounded edges and only two buttons. The peripheral includes motion sensors so that users can interact with the virtual environment, such as draw, shoot aliens, and so on. This controller can be stored in the headset itself when not in use thanks to a little snap-based compartment built into the headset’s flap. The headset is available on the Google Store as well as specific retailers. In the U.S., it will cost $79 and will be available at Verizon and Best Buy. In Canada, the headset will cost $99 and will go on sale at Bell, Rogers, Telus, and Best Buy. In the U.K., you can grab a Daydream at EE and Carphone Warehouse for 69 pounds. In Germany, it costs 69 euros and is only available at Deutsche Telekom, and in Australia, it will set you back $119, but you can grab it at Telstra and JB Hi-Fi. You can read our review of Daydream View here. Next Page 1 of 5 Daydream stand-alone  Third-party headsets Daydream phones Daydream software  What is Google Daydream?
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Hell froze over: Google Assistant is on the iPhone Google brings Assistant over to iOS with all its powerful features. Sorry, Siri. Mobile by Patrick Holland May 17, 2017 6:30 PM PDT It's official, you can now use Google Assistant on the iPhone. And it looks and works pretty much just as it does on Android. At Google I/O, the company's annual developer conference, it was announced that there is now an iOS version of Google Assistant available for the iPhone. Starting today, we're bringing the #GoogleAssistant to iPhones. Whether at home or on the go, your Assistant is here to help. #io17 pic.twitter.com/a6T20HwnU9— Google (@Google) May 17, 2017 "> Famously the iPhone comes with Siri, Apple's own digital assistant which may make you wonder why you'd want Google Assistant. Though Siri is built into iOS 10, Google Assistant can handle more complicated tasks and questions than Siri and do so in a very conversational style. The Google Assistant app even comes with a nifty iOS widget for quick access. Here are some things Assistant can do on your iPhone: Make quick phone calls Type or ask Google Assistant queries Use Google Maps instead of Apple Maps Send emails, SMS and iMessages Set reminders and calendar events Play music Ask it pretty much anything you'd search on Google Interact with it like you're having a conversation: "Will I need an umbrella today?" And here are some things Assistant can't do on the iPhone: Can't be accessed from the home button Saying, "OK, Google" won't work Assistant can't set alarms 32 All the cool stuff Google announced at I/O This is a win-win for iPhone users. You can now choose between using Siri, Google Assistant and Alexa (through the Amazon app). The iOS Google Assistant app is available now for download from the App Store. Just a heads up, the app takes up 256 megabytes and works only on iOS 9.1 and higher. Check out the rest of CNET's Google I/O coverage. CNET Magazine: Check out a sampling of the stories you'll find in CNET's newsstand edition. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Google I/O 2017 Mobile Google Siri iOS 10 Google I/O 2017 All the news from the annual Google I/O event, including the latest on Android. May 18 Google Assistant wants to be the next Venmo May 18 Hell froze over: Google Assistant is on the iPhone May 18 Find your lost Android device with Google's Find My Device May 17 How Google injects speed into the mobile web All Google I/O 2017 Stories More stories Google Assistant wants to be the next Venmo How Google injects speed into the mobile web Google Photos is better at sharing your photos than you are Google Lens vision recognition tells you what you're looking at Close   Discuss: Hell froze over: Google Assistant is on the... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Why Android is likely safe from a WannaCry-like attack 5 new features on Android O Google's Android O has several new features that aim to give you a more fluid phone experience, including picture in picture and faster copy and paste. 3:22 New Apple laptops coming, Instagram Stories gets face filters The biggest tech headlines of the day include word that new Apple laptops are coming, Google's Assistant heading to iOS and Instagram Stories getting face-recognition filters. by Jeff Bakalar 1:08 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Digital Trends Home > Android Army > Android O Beta: Our first take Android O Beta: Our first take You can install a beta version of Android O on your phone right now By Kyle Wiggers — Updated May 17, 2017 3:40 pm Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Why it matters to you Your next phone is likely to run Android O -- and based on our tests, it sure looks sweet. Android Oreo, anyone? Or maybe it’s Android Oatmeal Cookie? Whatever Google ends up calling it, the Mountain View, California, company is prepping its next major Android release: Android O. On March 21, it made everything official except the name. Just like last year, Google is offering developers (and intrepid users) the opportunity to test drive the new version of Android before it launches publicly later this year. That means it’s unfinished (and a little unstable), but packs most of the features that will make it into the final version. The first Beta is available for the Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P, Nexus Player, Pixel, Pixel XL, and Pixel C. It’s not available as an over-the-air update — it has to be installed manually, which isn’t for the faint of heart. Luckily, Google’s spilled the details about Android O in a lengthy blog post. And after many trials and tribulations, we managed to get Android O up and running on a dusty old Nexus 6P. Here’s everything we’ve learned, and everything you need to know. Android O is now in beta Google I/O is here and at the show, Google announced Android O is in beta — meaning that if you’re a developer, or just an Android hobbyist, you can now get the latest and greatest version of Android on your phone. Keep in mind, the operating system is in beta mode so you should expect bugs and probably should not install it if you don’t know what you are doing. You can sign up for the Android O beta by heading to the signup page. While Google didn’t necessarily announce any new features for O at Google I/O, it did highlight a few aspects of the operating system. For example, the company mentioned Project Treble, its new initiative aimed at pushing updates to Android far faster. Project Treble essentially allows manufacturers to easily push low-level firmware updates to Android without having to update the operating system as a whole. Google is also speeding up Android, in general. The company announced that through a number of operating system optimizations, boot time is now faster and apps should run a lot better. It is also implementing “wise limits” on apps that run in the background — ensuring they do not take up too much battery life and processing. Revamped notifications and Notification Dots Android O’s gaining Notification Dots, iOS-like indicators that show a preview of incoming messages, emails, and more. The appear as small dots on an app’s icon, advising that the app has new content. The previous version of Android, Android Nougat, added the ability to prioritize certain notifications over others. Android O tweaks that behavior. Users can snooze alerts and schedule them to reappear at a later time, and developers can change the background color of notifications and cause notifications to dismiss themselves after predefined time increments: 15 minutes, 30 minutes, or 1 hour. The snooze feature is perhaps the most obvious change, and it works rather well. After dragging a notification to the right-hand side of the notification shade, a clock-shaped icon appears, and tapping on it brings up the aforementioned list of time increments. In our testing, Gmail, Slack, Allo, and Hangouts notifications all reappeared without issue. A word of warning, though: It’s easy to accidentally dismiss notifications while pulling up the Snooze menu. Drag slowly. Of course, not all notifications are compatible. For example: “Persistent notifications” or ongoing notifications that can’t be dismissed can’t be snoozed, either. There’s a new prioritization feature in Android O called Notification Channels. More details are forthcoming, but here is Google’s description of how it works: If an important email from a colleague comes in among a flood of junk mail, the colleague’s message will appear on top. Depending on how users tweak Android O’s notification settings, they may not see the junk emails at all. App developers can also choose to aggregate alerts of the same kind in a single Notification Channel. If you get several “tech news” updates across a handful of apps, for example, they’ll show up bundled in a single channel — much like Google’s Gmail sorting, which offers granular control over what emails users receive notifications for. The onus is on developers to implement Notification Channels. We’ve yet to see an app that supports them, because Android O is so fresh out of the oven. We expect to hear more as the new version of Android progresses. Battery and Vitals Android Nougat introduced Doze, a battery-saving feature that automatically “hibernated” apps running in the background. With Android O, Google has taken that idea one step further with Vitals and Wise Limits, news components that optimize the operating system’s core framework. Vitals speeds up Android’s boot time dramatically — it’s twice as fast as Android Nougat, Google said. And Wise Limits place strictures on background apps — specifically those that update location of background services. Android O can impose “execution limits” on the latter, which limit system access to certain processes when the app isn’t being used. Location limits, on the other hand, prevent apps that access a device’s location (via GPS or Wi-Fi) from doing so gratuitously. Google’s calling it a “significant change” to the way Android manages apps. We’ll have to run Android O through its paces to figure out how dramatically the under-the-hood changes impact battery life. Copy Less One new Android O feature combines machine learning (software that self-improves without human intervention) and computer vision  (software that extracts and analyzes data from images) into a single labor-saving feature. It’s called Copy Less, and it aims to cut down on the number of times you have to copy text from one app to another. If you’re having a Facebook Messenger conversation with a friend about where to have dinner and switch to Yelp for recommendations, Copy Less will recognize the context — it’ll “know” that you’re looking for a nearby place to eat, and use that information to save you time. Once you’ve settled on a spot and switched back to the chat interface, Copy Less will suggest relevant replies to your friend’s questions. It’ll also recognize names and addresses. When you receive a message with a street address, for example, Copy Less will identify the text as an address — if you tap on it, it’ll show its coarse location in Google Maps. Enhanced Privacy and Security Android O focuses on privacy. Google Play Protect, a new security management platform, is making its debut with Android O. Every app that’s installed from Google Play or a third-party app store is continuously scanned for malware and viruses. And the Security menu in the Settings screen now shows a list of apps that’ve been scanned recently, and how long each scan took. It also includes Find My Device, a new feature that’ll let you pinpoint, ring, lock down, or wipe your smartphone or Android Wear smartwatch. Developers can’t use Android ID, the unique software identifier that fingerprints individual devices, to track users any longer. Instead, Google’s offering its advertising APIs as a safer, more transparent alternative. High-quality Bluetooth audio Wireless Bluetooth headphones, earbuds, and speakers are all the rage these days, so it’s not all that surprising that Android O brings major improvements to wireless audio. New Bluetooth audio codecs promise to make music crisper, clearer, and richer than on Android versions of the past. Android O supports Sony’s LDAC wireless codec, which promises big audio performance gains. Here’s the gist: it lets phones transfer roughly three times the amount of data (990kbps) over the same Bluetooth connection as the average smartphone. That’s more than twice as fast as Spotify’s requirement for Hi-Fi streaming (320kbps), and just short of Tidal’s lossless quality (1,411kbps). LDAC has been around a while — Sony introduced it at the 2015 Consumer Electronics Show, and has since built it into its high-end Walkman music players, Xperia smartphones, and MDR-1000X headphones. But Android O will mark the first time the codec’s made available on non-Sony devices. Unfortunately, not everyone will be able to take advantage. LDAC requires that both the sending device (a smartphone) and receiving device (a pair of headphones) support it — if you don’t have cans with LDAC, you’re out of luck. AptX, another low-latency Bluetooth streaming format, is also in tow. It’s hardware-dependent, but an increasing number of flagships — including those running Qualcomm’s latest Snapdragon processors — support it. Android O’s audio is a dramatic upgrade from Android 7.0 Nougat for wireless fans. Adaptive icons, picture-in-picture mode, and UI tweaks Android O is relatively light on UI tweaks and changes, but there are a few notable ones in tow. The status bar is cleaned up. In Android O, new icons indicating your phone’s Wi-Fi and mobile connectivity status sit next to the battery icon. The Settings menu has been overhauled. Compared to Nougat, there are roughly half the number of top-level menu options thanks to aggressive consolidation. Google has done away with the slide-out menu. Android’s System UI Tuner gained a bunch new features. Just tap and hold the settings gear at the top of Android’s Quick Settings menu. Once you’ve held it for a few seconds, the gear will begin to spin and a little wrench icon will appear next to it, indicating that the System UI Tuner has been enabled. From now on, you’ll see it near the bottom of Android’s Settings menu. Android O gives you full control over the navigation bar’s appearance and behavior. You’re free to change the layout of the buttons, or add an extra right and left button. A new Compact mode squishes them closer together. If you’re the methodical type, you can assign buttons custom codes that trigger actions like launching the calendar app, pausing/playing music, and opening the default dialer. Not all of them work equally well. We were able to add a custom button for the Calendar (code 208) and Dialer (5), but others like the Camera (27) and Calculator (210) seemed buggy. We expect Google to fix these sorts of niggles in betas to come. A second welcome addition to the System UI Tuner is lockscreen shortcuts, which allow you to add shortcuts to your phone’s lockscreen. You can add a dedicated button for Chrome tabs, or a shortcut to the settings menu — the sky’s the limit, really. A feature called Adaptive Icons let developers adjust the look and shape of app icons depending on what home screen theme users select. If a user swaps Android’s default theme to a custom pack they downloaded from the Google Play Store, for example, app icons that tap Adaptive Icons will automatically switch to match the styling and color scheme of said theme. There’s growing evidence that Android O will introduce support for themes. In the display settings, there’s a section for “Device theme” and two options: Inverted and Pixel. The former, as you might expect, swaps the color palette of every Android settings menu — white icons become gray, and grey backgrounds become white. Google didn’t announce themes as part of the first Android O Beta, but we wouldn’t be surprised to see the feature fleshed out down the road. Also in tow with Android O is support for iOS-style home screen badges. Apps that support them will show animated notifications for things like the number of unread messages in your email inbox or the number of mentions you’ve gotten on Twitter. Android O packs a picture-in-picture mode for videos, too, plus support for launching activities on a secondary (or even tertiary) display and a pop-up window for third-party apps. It’s already working for apps like YouTube, but enabling it is not exactly a walk in the park. Here’s how to do it: Head to Settings > System UI tuner and add a cursor button to the navigation bar. Map it to keycode number 171, and when you’re in a compatible app, press it to enable PiP mode. Press it again to disable PiP. An optional “wide-gamut color” promises to make apps more vibrant and colorful than ever on high-contrast screens — including 16 bit PNG, ICC profiles in JPEG/PNG/WebP. It’s incumbent on developers to support Adaptive Icons, home screen badges, picture-in-picture mode, and wide-color gamuts — as of now, there doesn’t appear to be a way to manually enable them. We’ll keep searching, but it seems we’ll have to wait for developers to do their part. Android TV Android TV is gaining a new home launcher and support for the Google Assistant with Android O. The interface has been substantially streamlined. Up top are the apps you’ve installed, as well as recommended content from Google Play. Now, apps scroll vertically, in rows. Some categories are displayed by default, like Apps, and others are generated by apps installed on the device. A new Watch Next feature — similar to Continue Watching Recommendations for the Fire TV — displays the next episode in a series of TV episodes, and provides shortcuts to shows you’ve started watching but haven’t finished. And a new search box in the top-left corner of the screen provides quick access to the Google Assistant. Other conveniences Android O is also packed with miscellaneous goodies aimed at addressing longstanding annoyances. It’s easier to add custom ringtones, alarm sounds, and notification sounds in Android O. Head to the ringtone selector in the Settings menu and select Add ringtone. Then, you can select an audio file you’ve downloaded. Good news if you’re a frequent Skype user: Android O’s “telecom framework” will let you swap out your phone’s default dialer for a third-party VoIP alternative. A new Networking Aware Networking feature will allow Android devices to communicate directly with each other over Wi-Fi, even if the network isn’t connected to Wi-Fi, GPS, or cellular data. There’s a low-power connection mode that allows for sharing small bits of data like sensor readings, location, and more. New keyboard shortcuts including “arrow and tab button navigation” will make using physical keys a little less painful. An autofill API will make it easier for password, address, and user name managers to register themselves as the system’s official autofill app. When a user encounters a password field, they’ll be able to paste a stored password from a list. Apps installed from outside the Play Store now have to be granted permission manually. In Android Nougat and older, a toggling a universal “Install from unknown sources” option was enough to permit any third-party app access to your phone’s internal storage. Now, you’ll be prompted every time an app attempts an install. Next Page 1 of 2 Android O is now in beta Future features
Digital Trends Home > Mobile > Google now lets you pay for things on your phone… Google now lets you pay for things on your phone with any of your saved cards By Christian de Looper — May 17, 2017 3:32 pm Subscribe Share Google Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you Having to pull out your credit card every time you want to pay for something on Android can be a bit frustrating but soon you may not need to. Google wants to make it a little easier to pay for things through third-party apps and through Google Assistant. However, to date, you’ve only been able to use your pre-loaded Android Pay cards to do so. Not anymore. Google is expanding the Google Payments API to allows users to pay for things with any cards that they have used with their Google account — not just the cards that have been integrated with Android Pay. “The Google Payment API enables merchants and developers to turbocharge checkout conversion by offering your users an easy way to pay with credit and debit cards saved to their Google Account,” Google said in a blog post. “Users will have multiple Google payment options at their fingertips, like a credit or a debit card previously saved via Android Pay, a payment card used to transact on the Play Store or a form of payment stored via Chrome.” The news is not all that surprising. Android Pay has not been as popular as Apple Pay and forcing customers to use it could be limiting the extent to which they pay for things. While Android Pay is certainly growing, it still has a long way to go before it is used by a majority of Android users. Google has, of course, collected data from millions of credit cards in its time, and not all of those were collected through Android Pay. Some cards are instead collected through the Google Play Store, YouTube, Google Drive, or really any Google service in which you have to pay for something. Now, you can choose from any of those used cards to pay on Android — which means you won’t necessarily have to pull out your card every time you need it. The announcement is just one in a slew of announcements Google has made at Google I/O 2017, its annual developer show. You can keep up to date with all of our Google I/O coverage here.
May 17, 2017 | 77° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obits Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE 2016 Election Results Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home 2016 Election Results Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Top News Google Assistant takes on Siri on your iPhone By Bloomberg News Posted May 17, 2017 May 17, 2017 Updated May 17, 2017 4:25pm COURTESY GOOGLE Google said it’s launching the Assistant as an application for Apple Inc.’s iPhone. The app can now converse in French, German, Brazilian Portuguese and Japanese. By the end of the year, the system will understand Italian, Spanish and Korean. Google’s artificial intelligence-based voice Assistant is on more than 100 million devices now, and the company is leveraging a longtime competitor to expand the technology to even more people. At its developer conference today, Alphabet Inc.’s Google said it’s launching the Assistant as an application for Apple Inc.’s iPhone. The app will support many of the same functions as the service does on Google devices. Users will be able to integrate with Gmail and control home appliances, Google said. The application will become available first for users in the U.S. and support English. Other countries and languages will come later. Google also discussed a software development kit for the Assistant, which will allow third-party hardware makers to integrate the tool into their own products. Google said the expansion of the Assistant to the iPhone and various other third-party products should increase its reach beyond the current 100 million devices. The Assistant can now converse in French, German, Brazilian Portuguese and Japanese. By the end of the year, the system will understand Italian, Spanish and Korean, Google said. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Official admits he stole $3 million from school New gate at Portlock brings years-old issue to forefront Man gets life sentence for murdering Oahu real estate broker Worst treatment by media ever, Trump says; Dems demand probe Federal judge blocks restriction on immigrant legal help Comments () By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. Flag comments if you believe they do not follow our guidelines. Click here for more information on our commenting system. Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us כ"ב אייר תשע"ז  -  ל״ז בעומר   |   Wednesday, May 17, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Business Briefs – May 17, 2017 Business Briefs – May 17, 2017 Wednesday, May 17, 2017 at 10:13 pm | כ"א אייר תשע"ז Target Locked In Game of Shipping Tag With Wal-Mart, Amazon NEW YORK (AP) – Target, Wal-Mart and Amazon are locked in a game of shipping tag, each trying to adjust their free threshold and other shipping strategies to a level that can lure shoppers away from one another. Target has been testing new services but it has a long way to go to catch up to its rivals. Google Unveils Latest Tech Tricks As Computers Get Smarter MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. (AP) – Google’s computer programs are gaining a better understanding of the world, and now it wants them to handle more of the decision-making for the billions of people who use its services. CEO Sundar Pichai and other top executives brought Google’s audacious ambition into sharper focus Wednesday at an annual conference attended by more than 7,000 developers who design apps to work with its wide array of digital services. Among other things, Google unveiled new ways for its massive network of computers to identify images, as well as recommend, share, and organize photos. It also is launching an attempt to make its voice-controlled digital assistant more proactive and visual while expanding its audience to Apple’s iPhone, where it will try to outwit an older peer, Siri. The push marks another step toward infusing nearly all of Google’s products with some semblance of artificial intelligence — the concept of writing software that enables computers to gradually learn to think more like humans. Apple, Qualcomm Spat Intensifies; Manufacturers Drawn In SAN DIEGO& (AP) – Manufacturers that build Apple’s iPhone and iPad are being drawn in to an escalating dispute between the tech giant and the chipmaker Qualcomm. Qualcomm said Wednesday that it has filed a breach of contract complaint against Apple manufacturers who it says have been pressured by Apple not to pay royalties to Qualcomm for technology that it says it owns. Qualcomm Inc. has filed suit against FIH Mobile Ltd. and Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Pegatron Corp., Wistron Corp. and Compal Electronics Inc. It has filed a separate claim against Cupertino, California-based Apple, for interfering with the license agreements between Qualcomm and the manufacturers. Last month Apple Inc. began refusing to pay any royalties for some of the technology in the iPhone and is fighting Qualcomm in court. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has also filed a lawsuit alleging that Qualcomm has been imposing unfair licensing terms on manufacturers. San Diego-based Qualcomm depends on licensing fees for a large portion of its revenue. Business, Leisure Travelers Ponder Flying Without Lap NEW YORK (AP) – International air travelers might soon rediscover magazines, paperbacks and playing cards. Airline passengers have become hooked on their laptops and tablets to get work done or just kill time during long flights. But U.S. aviation-security officials appear determined to ban large electronic devices in the cabin of flights from Europe. Business travelers are worried about lost productivity, laptops in checked baggage being stolen or damaged, or even leaving the machine home if their employer won’t let them check it on a plane. Parents are pondering how to keep children occupied. Business travelers are keenly interested in the outcome. Michael McCormick, executive director of the Global Business Travel Association, said he believes the threat identified by security officials is real, but the laptop ban will hurt business travel, at least in the short term. Print Email Gmail Related Apple, Qualcomm Spat Intensifies; Manufacturers Drawn In Business Briefs – January 22, 2017 Business Briefs – March 23, 2017 Business Briefs – January 31, 2017 Business Briefs – January 25, 2016 More in Business Banks Tighten Auto Lending as More Borrowers Fall Into Default What Amazon Could Do to the Business of Selling Prescription Drugs Stocks, Bond Yields Drop Washington Turmoil Rattles Markets Apple, Qualcomm Spat Intensifies; Manufacturers Drawn In U.S. Household Debt Tops Pre-Recession Peak OP-ED Lessons From A Massive Ransomware Attack Misrepresenting Israel POTUS and the Piñata Not or Knot? A Political Ax Murder The Birth of American Nationalism The Friend of My Enemy Defining the Terrorist Threat A Sinkhole Sounds a Nuclear Warning Even as It Takes Shape, Trumpcare’s a Sure Bet to Beat Obamacare A Matter of Influence The Firing of James Comey Let the Ears Hear What the Mouth Is Saying The Only Thing That Matters Features Nichum Aveilim 21 Iyar/May 17 This Day In History 21 Iyar/May 17 What Color Is English? ID Required Sudoku – May 17, 2017 World of Wonders – May 16, 2017 The Odd Side – May 16, 2017 This Day In History 20 Iyar/May 16 Nichum Aveilim 20 Iyar/May 16 Editorial Cartoon – May 16, 2017 Sudoku – May 16, 2017 Circular Reasoning This Day In History 19 Iyar/May 15 Nichum Aveilim 19 Iyar/May 15 Weather » Brooklyn 84°F Clear See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 6,011.24 -158.63 (-2.57%) S&P 500 2,357.03 -43.64 (-1.82%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.8956 GBP 0.7705 ILS 3.6099 CHF 0.9785 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Expand to Asia Contact Jobs Advertise Team About Categories Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers IS HAPPENING NOW Watch Live Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info TNW Conference is happening now. Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Google introduces Lens, an AI in your camera that can recognize objects by Rachel Kaser — in Google Credit: Google 772 shares Google announced at it’s I/O conference today that it’s working on a new form of AI called Google Lens, which understands what you’re looking at and can help you by providing relevant responses. With Google Lens, your smartphone camera won’t just see what you see, but will also understand what you see to help you take action. #io17 pic.twitter.com/viOmWFjqk1 — Google (@Google) May 17, 2017 “This event was off the charts” Gary Vaynerchuk was so impressed with TNW Conference 2016 he paused mid-talk to applaud us. FIND OUT WHY With Lens, Google’s Assistant will be able to identify objects in the world around you and perform actions based on Google’s various apps. For example, Lens can help you identify a flower you’re looking at using Google image search, or provide you with restaurant recommendations based on your location in Google Maps. The service seems very ambitious and versatile. Scott Huffman, Vice President of Engineering for Assistant, mentioned using Lens to translate a Japanese street sign and using it to identify a food he didn’t recognize. Huffman said Lens facilitates a conversation between the user and Assistant using visual context and machine learning. Some of the features are even more complex and helpful. If you want to connect to WiFi on your phone, you can just point your camera at the security credentials, and the Assistant will do the rest of the work. Read next: Google brings the Assistant to iOS to compete with Siri CESGoogleTech Share on Facebook (411) Share on Twitter (231) Rachel Kaser is a reporter from Texas. Happy to hear your thoughts on rachel@thenextweb.com or @rachelkaser on Twitter. Rachel is a writer and former game critic from Central Texas. She enjoys gaming, writing mystery stories, streaming on Twitch, and horseback riding. Check her Twitter for curmudgeonly criticisms. Contact Mail Tweet Location Texas Posts 298 Posts / mo. 88.61   All posts by Rachel > The latest articles around Google Android Go is Google's new streamlined OS variant for low-spec devices Napier Lopez New Google Daydream headset will require no PC or phone Rachel Kaser Google's new Photo Books uses AI to make printing your pictures dead simple Napier Lopez Here's some more distraction Minecraft is getting a change to protect real parrots Rachel Kaser Shady online diamond dealer proves ‘conflict-free’ is no guarantee Bryan Clark 2017 predictions for Big Data, IoT, and AI Jamie Tolentino 5 strategies to manage unexpected business growth William Watterson FCC Chairman Ajit Pai reading Mean Tweets is just as cringeworthy as it sounds Rachel Kaser iPhones are being turned into fidget spinners, for some reason Rachel Kaser Comments Recommended Why outsourcing isn't a bad word Lauren Gilmore Most popular 1 Massive database containing over 560 million passwords discovered Rachel Kaser 2 Twitter co-founder Biz Stone is rejoining the company after six years Rachel Kaser 3 The WannaCry savior is rewarded with a year's free pizza and $10,000 for saving the Internet Matthew Hughes 4 France fines Facebook 0.002% of revenue for breaking privacy law Rachel Kaser 5 Apple might show off 3 updated MacBooks next month Abhimanyu Ghoshal Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Latest 1 Sweden's Twitter account blocked and unblocked 14,000 people Rachel Kaser 2 Facebook Live will now stream professional CrossFit Rachel Kaser 3 Android Go is Google's new streamlined OS variant for low-spec devices Napier Lopez 4 New Google Daydream headset will require no PC or phone Rachel Kaser 5 Google's new Photo Books uses AI to make printing your pictures dead simple Napier Lopez Bill Gates Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning. Share Upcoming Events TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.76M followers 1M likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Expand to Asia Contact Jobs Advertise Team About Categories Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers IS HAPPENING NOW Watch Live Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info TNW Conference is happening now. Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Google brings Smart Reply to Gmail on Android and iOS so you never have to type again by Napier Lopez — in Google 191 shares If you’re the type of person who can seemingly never get to Inbox Zero, let alone actually reply to every message, Google has an update for you. At its I/O event today, the company announced that Smart Reply – a feature to creates automated responses based on email content and your writing style – is coming to Gmail on Android and iOS. Smart Reply first launched for Google’s Gmail offshoot, Inbox, as well as its newest chat app, Allo. It works pretty decently too, as long as you only need basic few-word responses. The tool learns from your typing style to know whether you tend to write “thanks!” or “Thanks.” Ever been to a tech festival? TNW Conference won best European Event 2016 for our festival vibe. See what's in store for 2017. LEARN MORE Smart Reply shows three options at the bottom of your emails to choose from. Once you pick one, you can either send it immediately, or modify it to your liking. The feature is rolling out globally on Android and iOS for English speakers first. It will arrive in Spanish “in the coming weeks,” with more languages on the way. Read next: Google Photos just made sharing photos a lot easier AndroidAppsGmailGoogleGoogle I/OiOS Share on Facebook (15) Share on Twitter (130) Napier Lopez is a reporter from New York City, US. Happy to hear your thoughts on napier@thenextweb.com or @napilopez on Twitter. Napier Lopez is a writer based in New York City. He's interested in all things tech, science, and photography related, and likes to yo-yo in his free time. Follow him on Twitter or his blog. Contact Mail Tweet Location New York City, US Posts 2129 Posts / mo. 45.63   All posts by Napier > The latest articles around Google Android Go is Google's new streamlined OS variant for low-spec devices Napier Lopez New Google Daydream headset will require no PC or phone Rachel Kaser Google's new Photo Books uses AI to make printing your pictures dead simple Napier Lopez Here's some more distraction Minecraft is getting a change to protect real parrots Rachel Kaser Shady online diamond dealer proves ‘conflict-free’ is no guarantee Bryan Clark 2017 predictions for Big Data, IoT, and AI Jamie Tolentino 5 strategies to manage unexpected business growth William Watterson FCC Chairman Ajit Pai reading Mean Tweets is just as cringeworthy as it sounds Rachel Kaser iPhones are being turned into fidget spinners, for some reason Rachel Kaser Comments Recommended Why outsourcing isn't a bad word Lauren Gilmore Most popular 1 Massive database containing over 560 million passwords discovered Rachel Kaser 2 Twitter co-founder Biz Stone is rejoining the company after six years Rachel Kaser 3 The WannaCry savior is rewarded with a year's free pizza and $10,000 for saving the Internet Matthew Hughes 4 France fines Facebook 0.002% of revenue for breaking privacy law Rachel Kaser 5 Apple might show off 3 updated MacBooks next month Abhimanyu Ghoshal Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Latest 1 Sweden's Twitter account blocked and unblocked 14,000 people Rachel Kaser 2 Facebook Live will now stream professional CrossFit Rachel Kaser 3 Android Go is Google's new streamlined OS variant for low-spec devices Napier Lopez 4 New Google Daydream headset will require no PC or phone Rachel Kaser 5 Google's new Photo Books uses AI to make printing your pictures dead simple Napier Lopez @unmarketing Twitter is not a technology but a conversation. It's happening with or without you. Share Upcoming Events TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.76M followers 1M likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search 429 Calm down Error 429 Calm down Calm down Guru Meditation: XID: 698361577 Varnish cache server 429 Calm down Error 429 Calm down Calm down Guru Meditation: XID: 698361578 Varnish cache server
Error 429 Calm down Calm down Guru Meditation: XID: 701104135 Varnish cache server 429 Calm down Error 429 Calm down Calm down Guru Meditation: XID: 701104136 Varnish cache server News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Expand to Asia Contact Jobs Advertise Team About Categories Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers IS HAPPENING NOW Watch Live Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info TNW Conference is happening now. Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Google brings the Assistant to iOS to compete with Siri by Napier Lopez — in Google 429 shares At its I/O keynote today, Google announced that its Google Assistant is now available on iOS. The news had been rumored earlier this week, so its not terribly surprising. Win a trip to Amsterdam! We've teamed up with Product Hunt to offer you the chance to win an all expense paid trip to TNW Conference 2017! CHECK IT OUT Google hasn’t specified whether it’s via its a new app or if its just integrated into the main Search app – most likely the latter. And of course, Google doesn’t have the native integration Siri has on iOS devices, so it won’t be nearly as convenient as Apple’s native tool. Still, Google’s apps are ubiquitous enough that it might just convince some people to use the Assistant over Siri, especially if Google starts integrating it directly into its apps down the road. I’m curious to see how Apple will respond. Read next: Google brings Smart Reply to Gmail on Android and iOS so you never have to type again AppsCESGoogleiOS Share on Facebook (261) Share on Twitter (110) Napier Lopez is a reporter from New York City, US. Happy to hear your thoughts on napier@thenextweb.com or @napilopez on Twitter. Napier Lopez is a writer based in New York City. He's interested in all things tech, science, and photography related, and likes to yo-yo in his free time. Follow him on Twitter or his blog. Contact Mail Tweet Location New York City, US Posts 2129 Posts / mo. 45.63   All posts by Napier > The latest articles around Google Android Go is Google's new streamlined OS variant for low-spec devices Napier Lopez New Google Daydream headset will require no PC or phone Rachel Kaser Google's new Photo Books uses AI to make printing your pictures dead simple Napier Lopez Here's some more distraction Minecraft is getting a change to protect real parrots Rachel Kaser Shady online diamond dealer proves ‘conflict-free’ is no guarantee Bryan Clark 2017 predictions for Big Data, IoT, and AI Jamie Tolentino 5 strategies to manage unexpected business growth William Watterson FCC Chairman Ajit Pai reading Mean Tweets is just as cringeworthy as it sounds Rachel Kaser iPhones are being turned into fidget spinners, for some reason Rachel Kaser Comments 429 Calm down Error 429 Calm down Calm down Guru Meditation: XID: 701104137 Varnish cache server Most popular 1 Massive database containing over 560 million passwords discovered Rachel Kaser 2 Twitter co-founder Biz Stone is rejoining the company after six years Rachel Kaser 3 The WannaCry savior is rewarded with a year's free pizza and $10,000 for saving the Internet Matthew Hughes 4 France fines Facebook 0.002% of revenue for breaking privacy law Rachel Kaser 5 Apple might show off 3 updated MacBooks next month Abhimanyu Ghoshal Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Latest 1 Sweden's Twitter account blocked and unblocked 14,000 people Rachel Kaser 2 Facebook Live will now stream professional CrossFit Rachel Kaser 3 Android Go is Google's new streamlined OS variant for low-spec devices Napier Lopez 4 New Google Daydream headset will require no PC or phone Rachel Kaser 5 Google's new Photo Books uses AI to make printing your pictures dead simple Napier Lopez @lisastone In between goals is a thing called life, that has to be lived and enjoyed. Share Upcoming Events TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.76M followers 1M likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search 429 Calm down Error 429 Calm down Calm down Guru Meditation: XID: 701104138 Varnish cache server 429 Calm down Error 429 Calm down Calm down Guru Meditation: XID: 701104139 Varnish cache server
Error 429 Calm down Calm down Guru Meditation: XID: 693452386 Varnish cache server 429 Calm down Error 429 Calm down Calm down Guru Meditation: XID: 693452387 Varnish cache server News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Expand to Asia Contact Jobs Advertise Team About Categories Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers IS HAPPENING NOW Watch Live Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info TNW Conference is happening now. Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Google’s new Photo Books uses AI to make printing your pictures dead simple by Napier Lopez — in Google 288 shares Google Photos is coming to the real world. At its I/O keynote today, Google announced a new Photo Books feature, which is exactly what it sounds like: it lets you print physical picture albums from your Photos app. Win a trip to Amsterdam! We've teamed up with Product Hunt to offer you the chance to win an all expense paid trip to TNW Conference 2017! CHECK IT OUT But this is Google of course, so AI is involved. Rather than simply letting you pick and choose images (which you can nevertheless still do) Photo Books is able to automatically create photo albums based off of your best images. After all, one of the biggest hurdles to printing images is the menial work of curating and properly formatting images. Think of it like Photos’ automated photo collages and albums, just brought to the the real world. You can currently choose from just two options, a 7-square inch softcover book with 20 pages for $10, or a 9-inch square hardcover for $20. That’s pretty limited, especially compared to a proper printing services like Shutterfly, but that’s not the point – Google is aiming for convenience. It’s also possible the company will add further options down the line – I’d love it if it could integrate its AI photo selection with existing printing services in the future. Read next: New Google Daydream headset will require no PC or phone AppsGoogleGoogle I/O Share on Facebook (92) Share on Twitter (152) Napier Lopez is a reporter from New York City, US. Happy to hear your thoughts on napier@thenextweb.com or @napilopez on Twitter. Napier Lopez is a writer based in New York City. He's interested in all things tech, science, and photography related, and likes to yo-yo in his free time. Follow him on Twitter or his blog. Contact Mail Tweet Location New York City, US Posts 2129 Posts / mo. 45.63   All posts by Napier > The latest articles around Google Android Go is Google's new streamlined OS variant for low-spec devices Napier Lopez New Google Daydream headset will require no PC or phone Rachel Kaser Google Photos just made sharing photos a lot easier Rachel Kaser Here's some more distraction Minecraft is getting a change to protect real parrots Rachel Kaser Shady online diamond dealer proves ‘conflict-free’ is no guarantee Bryan Clark 2017 predictions for Big Data, IoT, and AI Jamie Tolentino 5 strategies to manage unexpected business growth William Watterson FCC Chairman Ajit Pai reading Mean Tweets is just as cringeworthy as it sounds Rachel Kaser iPhones are being turned into fidget spinners, for some reason Rachel Kaser Comments 429 Calm down Error 429 Calm down Calm down Guru Meditation: XID: 693452388 Varnish cache server Most popular 1 Massive database containing over 560 million passwords discovered Rachel Kaser 2 Twitter co-founder Biz Stone is rejoining the company after six years Rachel Kaser 3 The WannaCry savior is rewarded with a year's free pizza and $10,000 for saving the Internet Matthew Hughes 4 France fines Facebook 0.002% of revenue for breaking privacy law Rachel Kaser 5 Apple might show off 3 updated MacBooks next month Abhimanyu Ghoshal Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Latest 1 Sweden's Twitter account blocked and unblocked 14,000 people Rachel Kaser 2 Facebook Live will now stream professional CrossFit Rachel Kaser 3 Android Go is Google's new streamlined OS variant for low-spec devices Napier Lopez 4 New Google Daydream headset will require no PC or phone Rachel Kaser 5 Google's new Photo Books uses AI to make printing your pictures dead simple Napier Lopez @unmarketing If you do not have great content it does not matter at all how you deliver it. Share Upcoming Events TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.76M followers 1M likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search 429 Calm down Error 429 Calm down Calm down Guru Meditation: XID: 693452389 Varnish cache server 429 Calm down Error 429 Calm down Calm down Guru Meditation: XID: 693452390 Varnish cache server
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Review: Huawei Watch 2 loses the charm of its predecessor [Video] Trending in Google How to install & run Google Assistant on your Mac or PC desktop [Video] Trending in Google Best Android smartwatches you can buy [May 2017] Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [May 2017] Trending in Google Review: The BlackBerry Keyone is a step back in time that I really want to love [Video] Trending in Google Review: Acer Chromebook 11 N7 is a rugged, affordable laptop for students [Video] Yesterday GOOG: 919.62 -23.38 Unreleased redesigned Google Pixel Launcher shows up at I/O sandbox [Video] Stephen Hall - May. 17th 2017 6:47 pm PT @hallstephenj Google I/O 2017 Android Pixel Launcher View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Sometimes Google can be a bit of a leaky ship, and its latest accidental leak relates to the Pixel Launcher. We spotted a phone being demoed at a Google I/O Sandbox with an as-yet unreleased version of the Pixel Launcher installed, and it packs some interesting new features… Everyone can use an Echo Dot: Just $50! The first and most obvious new feature of the app is that the usual Google Search UI looks different. It’s been relocated, and the new design ditches the more solid white look of the current “pill” and replaces it with a semi-transparent gray bar. As you can see, it now sits below the dock app icons. The second feature is expanded search functionality. Whereas previously the Launcher would allow you to search the apps already on your phone, the new version also lets you search the Play Store to find an app you might want to install. You can also see this shown off in the video below. The demo where we found the new launcher was actually for Android Instant Apps, so this new launcher is presumably an updated version that includes support for that feature. It just so happens that this future version has more than just support for Android Instant Apps, as you can see. It’s unclear at this point when (or if) this version will go public, but it’s possible we could see it launch with Android O later this year or perhaps even the Pixel 2. It goes without saying that the launcher could change completely, however, and it’s also possible this version be pushed out before then. Who knows. Stephen Hall @hallstephenj Stephen is Managing Editor at 9to5Google. Twitter DMs are open. Tips always welcome, never expected. Favorite Gear 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Anker PowerCore 26800 Amazon Echo Dot Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Pixel Launcher View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Error 429 Calm down Calm down Guru Meditation: XID: 693563484 Varnish cache server News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Expand to Asia Contact Jobs Advertise Team About Categories Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers IS HAPPENING NOW Watch Live Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info TNW Conference is happening now. Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Android Go is Google’s new streamlined OS variant for low-spec devices by Napier Lopez — in Google 503 shares Google is making it easier for low-powered devices to run Android smoothly – and its doing so by releasing a new version of Android altogether. Say hello to Android Go. It’s basically a lighter version of Android O, with several optimizations for lower power devices. Some examples of the optimizations thrown out during the keynote: Google’s main apps will have a lighter versions that use less memory, storage, and data. A streamlined Android kernel. Chrome’s data saver is turned on by default. There’s also a new graphic showing how much data you’ve saved right from the menu button. The Google Play Store will highlight lightweight apps “optimized for your device,” such as being under 10MB, having a “useful offline state,” and being frugal with your battery. You can still download whatever you want though. A new YouTube Go app makes it easy to download videos for offline viewing, as well as preview how much data different quality settings will use. The niftyest bit is a P2P sharing feature so you don’t have to use up any of your data if you want to show a friend a funny video. “This event was off the charts” Gary Vaynerchuk was so impressed with TNW Conference 2016 he paused mid-talk to applaud us. FIND OUT WHY Google says Android Go will be installed by default on every device with 1 GB of RAM or less. Given Android is the world’s most popular OS, and that not everyone in every region can afford a device with top-of-the-line specs, it’s a move that makes plenty of sense. Google has longed focused on bringing Android to emerging markets via programs like Android One, but they still suffer from Android’s overall bloat. By streamlining the OS itself and making sure users are only installing optimized apps, Google has a better chance at providing a pleasant user experience on devices with low specifications. It’s exactly what Microsoft is trying to with Windows 10 S, except without the install limitations. Every version of Android going forward will have a Go variant, so expect to hear a lot more about it in the months and years to come. We’ll be curious to see if there are any other restrictions to Go compared to the standard Android release, or if you can install it manually. I can imagine some users may even want to try out Go on full-powered devices to ensure the best possible performance. Read next: Facebook Live will now stream professional CrossFit AndroidAppsCESGoogle Share on Facebook (285) Share on Twitter (168) Napier Lopez is a reporter from New York City, US. Happy to hear your thoughts on napier@thenextweb.com or @napilopez on Twitter. Napier Lopez is a writer based in New York City. He's interested in all things tech, science, and photography related, and likes to yo-yo in his free time. Follow him on Twitter or his blog. Contact Mail Tweet Location New York City, US Posts 2129 Posts / mo. 45.63   All posts by Napier > The latest articles around Google New Google Daydream headset will require no PC or phone Rachel Kaser Google's new Photo Books uses AI to make printing your pictures dead simple Napier Lopez Google Photos just made sharing photos a lot easier Rachel Kaser Here's some more distraction Minecraft is getting a change to protect real parrots Rachel Kaser Shady online diamond dealer proves ‘conflict-free’ is no guarantee Bryan Clark 2017 predictions for Big Data, IoT, and AI Jamie Tolentino 5 strategies to manage unexpected business growth William Watterson FCC Chairman Ajit Pai reading Mean Tweets is just as cringeworthy as it sounds Rachel Kaser iPhones are being turned into fidget spinners, for some reason Rachel Kaser Comments 429 Calm down Error 429 Calm down Calm down Guru Meditation: XID: 693563485 Varnish cache server Most popular 1 Massive database containing over 560 million passwords discovered Rachel Kaser 2 Twitter co-founder Biz Stone is rejoining the company after six years Rachel Kaser 3 The WannaCry savior is rewarded with a year's free pizza and $10,000 for saving the Internet Matthew Hughes 4 France fines Facebook 0.002% of revenue for breaking privacy law Rachel Kaser 5 Apple might show off 3 updated MacBooks next month Abhimanyu Ghoshal Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Latest 1 Sweden's Twitter account blocked and unblocked 14,000 people Rachel Kaser 2 Facebook Live will now stream professional CrossFit Rachel Kaser 3 Android Go is Google's new streamlined OS variant for low-spec devices Napier Lopez 4 New Google Daydream headset will require no PC or phone Rachel Kaser 5 Google's new Photo Books uses AI to make printing your pictures dead simple Napier Lopez Brian Solis Community is about doing something together that makes belonging matter. Share Upcoming Events TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.76M followers 1M likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search 429 Calm down Error 429 Calm down Calm down Guru Meditation: XID: 693563486 Varnish cache server 429 Calm down Error 429 Calm down Calm down Guru Meditation: XID: 693563487 Varnish cache server
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Review: Huawei Watch 2 loses the charm of its predecessor [Video] Trending in Google How to install & run Google Assistant on your Mac or PC desktop [Video] Trending in Google Best Android smartwatches you can buy [May 2017] Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [May 2017] Trending in Google Review: The BlackBerry Keyone is a step back in time that I really want to love [Video] Trending in Google Review: Acer Chromebook 11 N7 is a rugged, affordable laptop for students [Video] Yesterday GOOG: 919.62 -23.38 Android O focuses on ‘vitals’ for improved security, performance, and battery life Justin Duino - May. 17th 2017 7:19 pm PT @jaduino Google I/O 2017 Android O Google Play Protect View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit As with every new version of Android, we are getting a bunch of new features such as picture-in-picture mode, notification dots, and much more. But what is shaping up to be one of the best new additions with the forthcoming Android O is the company’s focus on the “vitals”… UAG Samsung Galaxy S8 Cases The first change that we saw during today’s keynote presentation at Google I/O was the introduction of Google Play Protect. Although Android has had security features running in the background of the OS for years now, with Play Protect, Google wants to bring these protections to the forefront so that users can feel more secure using their devices. Visually, users will see Google Play Protect in the Play Store. Soon, there will be a section placed above the updated apps section that shows the last time that the device was scanned for anything malicious. Additionally, Google has rebranded the Android Device Manager application as “Find My Device.” While the underlying application hasn’t changed, the new name will help Android users understand why the application is installed on their handsets. As far as performance increases, Google claims that thanks to extensive changes to the core of Android, phones running O should boot twice as fast and installed applications should also see a speed increase. Battery life is also getting a performance bump thanks to some refinements to background location and app activity. On the developer side of things, Google has introduced a brand new “release dashboard.” What this is a way for developers to easily keep an eye on how their application is affecting certain metrics. For example, if it is clear that battery life is draining dramatically or if RAM usage jumps, developers can stop the rollout of their application and fix it if needed. Justin Duino @jaduino I’m a writer for 9to5Google with a background in IT and Android development. Follow me on Twitter to read my ramblings about tech and email me at justin@jaduino.com. Tips are always welcome. Favorite Gear Jaybird Freedom Headphones Acessorz USB-C Dock Samsung Chromebook Pro Guides Android O View THe Guide Google Play Protect View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Error 429 Calm down Calm down Guru Meditation: XID: 696604767 Varnish cache server 429 Calm down Error 429 Calm down Calm down Guru Meditation: XID: 696604768 Varnish cache server News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Expand to Asia Contact Jobs Advertise Team About Categories Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers IS HAPPENING NOW Watch Live Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info TNW Conference is happening now. Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture New Google Daydream headset will require no PC or phone by Rachel Kaser — in Google Credit: Google 347 shares Google announced at today’s I/O conference that it was working on a new kind of a Daydream VR headset, one which would work without a phone, a PC, or any kind of cable. New #Daydream standalone headsets from partners like @htcvive won't require a phone or PC. #io17 pic.twitter.com/7TpYPJGEdU — Google (@Google) May 17, 2017 Win a trip to Amsterdam! We've teamed up with Product Hunt to offer you the chance to win an all expense paid trip to TNW Conference 2017! CHECK IT OUT We were afraid Google would forget about Daydream, but luckily that’s not the case. The new Daydream headset would be a self-contained machine that can be used just by picking it up and putting it on. This version of the Daydream would be optimized for VR viewing, including improved movement tracking. Google says it is working with HTC, makers of the Vive, and Lenovo to develop the new headset. In addition to this new Daydream, the current smartphone-based Daydream VR will be supported on the Samsung Galaxy 8 and 8+, as well as the newest LG phone starting this summer. Read next: Android Go is Google's new streamlined OS variant for low-spec devices GoogleTech Share on Facebook (130) Share on Twitter (163) Rachel Kaser is a reporter from Texas. Happy to hear your thoughts on rachel@thenextweb.com or @rachelkaser on Twitter. Rachel is a writer and former game critic from Central Texas. She enjoys gaming, writing mystery stories, streaming on Twitch, and horseback riding. Check her Twitter for curmudgeonly criticisms. Contact Mail Tweet Location Texas Posts 298 Posts / mo. 88.61   All posts by Rachel > The latest articles around Google Android Go is Google's new streamlined OS variant for low-spec devices Napier Lopez Google's new Photo Books uses AI to make printing your pictures dead simple Napier Lopez Google Photos just made sharing photos a lot easier Rachel Kaser Here's some more distraction Minecraft is getting a change to protect real parrots Rachel Kaser Shady online diamond dealer proves ‘conflict-free’ is no guarantee Bryan Clark 2017 predictions for Big Data, IoT, and AI Jamie Tolentino 5 strategies to manage unexpected business growth William Watterson FCC Chairman Ajit Pai reading Mean Tweets is just as cringeworthy as it sounds Rachel Kaser iPhones are being turned into fidget spinners, for some reason Rachel Kaser Comments 429 Calm down Error 429 Calm down Calm down Guru Meditation: XID: 696604769 Varnish cache server Most popular 1 Massive database containing over 560 million passwords discovered Rachel Kaser 2 Twitter co-founder Biz Stone is rejoining the company after six years Rachel Kaser 3 The WannaCry savior is rewarded with a year's free pizza and $10,000 for saving the Internet Matthew Hughes 4 France fines Facebook 0.002% of revenue for breaking privacy law Rachel Kaser 5 Apple might show off 3 updated MacBooks next month Abhimanyu Ghoshal Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Latest 1 Sweden's Twitter account blocked and unblocked 14,000 people Rachel Kaser 2 Facebook Live will now stream professional CrossFit Rachel Kaser 3 Android Go is Google's new streamlined OS variant for low-spec devices Napier Lopez 4 New Google Daydream headset will require no PC or phone Rachel Kaser 5 Google's new Photo Books uses AI to make printing your pictures dead simple Napier Lopez @stephenrcovey Always treat your employees exactly as you want them to treat your best customers. Share Upcoming Events TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.76M followers 1M likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search 429 Calm down Error 429 Calm down Calm down Guru Meditation: XID: 696604770 Varnish cache server 429 Calm down Error 429 Calm down Calm down Guru Meditation: XID: 696604771 Varnish cache server
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Microsoft is working on a new file sharing interface for OneDrive, coming this summer 23 minutes ago Netflix's latest update brings Dolby Vision content to the LG G6 39 minutes ago Gmail gets Google Allo-style Smart Reply feature on Android and iOS 3 hours ago Nintendo comes out on top in April selling 280,000 Switch consoles in the US 4 hours ago View all recent news Microsoft is working on a new file sharing interface for OneDrive, coming this summer 16 minutes ago South Park: The Fractured But Whole will arrive almost a year late, on October 17 5 hours ago Microsoft inadvertently reveals clue pointing to new Windows 10 'Control Center' 6 hours ago Air New Zealand considers Microsoft HoloLens to help cabin crew improve passenger service 7 hours ago View all Microsoft news Gmail gets Google Allo-style Smart Reply feature on Android and iOS 3 hours ago Google releases its first preview of Android Studio 3.0 4 hours ago First alleged image of the Lenovo Moto Z2 makes its debut 9 hours ago Android O promises big improvements for boot time, app performance, and device battery life 9 hours ago View all Google news Qualcomm sues Apple's contract manufacturers for withholding royalties 4 hours ago OneNote for iOS receives a major update with a redesigned interface May 17, 2017 Apple is reportedly phasing out the iPad Mini May 16, 2017 New renders derived from a reliable CAD file give us details about Apple's upcoming iPhone May 16, 2017 View all Apple news 360 Total Security 9.0.0.1196 13 hours ago AnyDesk 3.2.4 14 hours ago Opera 45.0.2552.812 15 hours ago FastRawViewer 1.4.1.1122 19 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Ultrabook review: No touchscreen, but has everything else [UPDATED] May 16, 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8+ (Exynos) review May 9, 2017 Moto G5 review: Nougat on a budget May 9, 2017 NOMU S30 review: A rugged smartphone that won't put a huge dent in your hip pocket Apr 24, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials HTC U Ultra unboxing and first impressions Apr 16, 2017 End of the road: Microsoft terminates support for Windows Vista today Apr 11, 2017 HP EliteBook x360 G2 unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 HP Spectre x360 with pen and 4K display unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 View all unboxings ExtraTorrent shuts down permanently 14 hours ago Yahoo Mail app for Windows 10 shutting down next week; users told to switch to web browser [Update] 19 hours ago Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Ultrabook review: No touchscreen, but has everything else [UPDATED] May 16, 2017 Microsoft inadvertently reveals clue pointing to new Windows 10 'Control Center' 6 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get The Crash Course Coding Bundle for just $39 (98% off) via Neowin Deals 18 hours ago Get Disconnect: Lifetime Premium Subscription for just $49 (90% off) via Neowin Deals May 16, 2017 Get this System Administration and Infrastructure Management Bundle for just $41 May 15, 2017 Pay What You Want for this Mobile Cross Platform Development Bundle via Neowin Deals May 12, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Google releases its first preview of Android Studio 3.0 By Andy Weir Senior News Editor Neowin LLC @gcaweir · 5 hours ago with 0 comments In March, Google released a stable version of Android Studio 2.3, the latest edition of its integrated development environment (IDE), purpose built for its hugely popular OS, which is now installed on over two billion monthly active phones and tablets. Today, at its I/O developer conference, Google released the first preview of the next major update to its IDE, Android Studio 3.0. The new version is now available in the canary release channel, and as Google explained, it includes "three major features: a new suite of app performance profiling tools to quickly diagnose performance issues, support for the Kotlin programming language, and increased Gradle build speeds for large sized app projects." Google added that Android Studio 3.0 "tightly integrates with Android platform development with these additional key features: support for Instant App development, inclusion of the Google Play Store in the Android O emulator system images, and new wizards for Android O development", with over 20 new features for developers, including: Develop Kotlin Language Java 8 Language Layout Editor Improvements Adaptive Icon Wizard XML Fonts & Downloadable Fonts Android Things IntelliJ Platform Update 2017.1 Build Instant App Support Build Speed Improvements Google's Maven Repo Change Test & Debug Emulator Google Play System Images Emulator OpenGL ES 3.0 Support Emulator Proxy Support App Bug Reporter Android Wear Rotatory APK Debugging Layout Inspector Device File Explorer Optimize CPU Profiler Memory Profiler Network Profiler APK Analyzer Improvements Android Studio 3.0 was originally due to be released as version 2.4, but Google said that it had so many significant features and improvements that it warranted a substantial increase in the version number. A detailed overview of the new features, including links to further information on each of these additions and enhancements, can be found on Google's Android Developers Blog. You can get an overview of the new features and improvements in Android Studio 3.0 Canary 1 by watching the video below: Source: Android Developers Blog (Google) Tags Google Android studio Android studio 3.0 Android studio 2.4 Android development Ide Android Io 2017 Google io Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Follow @TwitterDev Previous Story South Park: The Fractured But Whole will arrive almost a year late, on October 17 Next Story Qualcomm sues Apple's contract manufacturers for withholding royalties Community Activity Refresh Microsoft inadvertently reveals clue pointing to new Windows 10 'Control Center' in Front Page News Air New Zealand considers Microsoft HoloLens to help cabin crew improve passenger service in Front Page News Nintendo comes out on top in April selling 280,000 Switch consoles in the US in Front Page News Samsung's refurbished Galaxy Note7 could arrive as the Note FE in Front Page News Microsoft's Joe Belfiore: "We're going to continue to support Windows phone" in Front Page News Microsoft is working on a new file sharing interface for OneDrive, coming this summer in Front Page News Android O promises big improvements for boot time, app performance, and device battery life in Front Page News Quick question regarding replacement USB cables for External Hard Drive in Hardware Hangout Advertisement Trending Stories ExtraTorrent shuts down permanently 14 hours ago with 19 comments Yahoo Mail app for Windows 10 shutting down next week; users told to switch to web browser [Update] 19 hours ago with 53 comments Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Ultrabook review: No touchscreen, but has everything else [UPDATED] May 16, 2017 with 16 comments Microsoft inadvertently reveals clue pointing to new Windows 10 'Control Center' 6 hours ago with 7 comments Related Stories Gmail gets Google Allo-style Smart Reply feature on Android and iOS 3 hours ago Google announces Play Protect, making Android security "more visible" to users 10 hours ago Google brings Android to the masses with Android Go 11 hours ago Google's Android O Beta Program is now live for supported devices 13 hours ago Show Comments 0 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] deals The Ultimate Python Coding Bundle $428.24 $10.00 98% off VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $39.00 92% off Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert (MCSE): Server Infrastructure $790.00 $47.99 94% off Infinity VPN $499.99 $45.00 91% off Linux Power User Bundle $597.00 $19.00 97% off review Samsung Galaxy S8+ (Exynos) review galaxy review Moto G5 review: Nougat on a budget moto g5 build 2017 View our coverage from the show floor build 2017 Windows 10 build 16193 heads to Insiders in Fast Ring; ISOs also available fall creators update Microsoft's Joe Belfiore: "We're going to continue to support Windows phone" windows 10 mobile Microsoft's Cortana assistant comes to life in working hologram concept cortana VIDEO Andy and Rich tour the Hub at Microsoft Build 2017 build 2017 DISCUSS What did you think of Microsoft's Build 2017 dev conference? discuss AWKWARD MOMENT WhartonBrooks' Windows phone reaches just 3% of funding goal cerulean moment Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Business Business Software Mobile Network Storage Cloud & Services Laptops Tablets Phones Hardware Security Software Gadgets Subscribe Resources PCs Phones Printers Ultrabooks Blogs Viruses Cameras Components Computer Accessories Consumer Advice Displays E-readers Flash Drives Graphics Cards Hard Drives Home Theater Input Devices Keyboards Laptop Accessories Mobile Networking Operating Systems Optical Drives Processors Servers Smartwatches Streaming Services Storage Tablets Windows Business Software Mobile Network Storage Cloud & Services Home Cloud & Services News Google's new TPUs are here to accelerate AI training The company's new specialized hardware will accelerate the creation of intelligent apps Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Blair Hanley Frank U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | May 17, 2017 10:09 AM PT Credit: Google More like this Google says its AI chips smoke CPUs, GPUs in performance tests IBM beefs up its powerful cognitive computers with Google's AI tools Google's Tensor Processing Unit could advance Moore's Law 7 years into the... Video Windows 10 Fall Creators Update Preview Google has made another leap forward in the realm of machine learning hardware. The tech giant has begun deploying the second version of its Tensor Processing Unit, a specialized chip meant to accelerate machine learning applications, company CEO Sundar Pichai announced on Wednesday. The new Cloud TPU sports several improvements over its predecessor. Most notably, it supports training machine learning algorithms in addition to processing the results from existing models. Each chip can provide 180 teraflops of processing for those tasks. Google is also able to network the chips together in sets of what are called TPU Pods that allow even greater computational gains. Businesses will be able to use the new chips through Google’s Cloud Platform,as part of its Compute Engine infrastructure-as-a-service offering. In addition, the company is launching a new TensorFlow Research Cloud that will provide researchers with free access to that hardware if they pledge to publicly release the results of their research. It’s a move that has the potential to drastically accelerate machine learning. Google says its latest machine translation model takes a full day to train on 32 of the highest-powered modern GPUs, while an eighth of a TPU Pod can do the same task in an afternoon. Machine learning has become increasingly important for powering the next generation of applications. Accelerating the creation of new models means that it’s easier for companies like Google to experiment with different approaches to find the best ones for particular applications. Google’s new hardware can also serve to attract new customers to its cloud platform, at a time when the company is competing against Microsoft, Amazon, and other tech titans. The Cloud TPU announcement comes a year after Google first unveiled the Tensor Processing Unit at its I/O developer conference.  Programming algorithms that run on TPUs will require the use of TensorFlow, the open source machine learning framework that originated at Google. TensorFlow 1.2 includes new high-level APIs that make it easier to take systems built to run on CPUs and GPUs and also run them on TPUs. Makers of other machine learning frameworks like Caffe can make their tools work with TPUs by designing them to call TensorFlow APIs, according to Google Senior Fellow Jeff Dean. Dean wouldn’t elaborate on any concrete performance metrics of the Cloud TPU, beyond the chips’ potential teraflops. One of the things that a recent Google research paper pointed out is that different algorithms perform differently on the original TPU, and it’s unclear if the Cloud TPU behaves in a similar manner. Google isn’t the only company investing in hardware to help with machine learning. Microsoft is deploying field-programmable gate arrays in its data centers to help accelerate its intelligent applications. This story has been corrected to clarify availability of the Cloud TPU as part of Google Compute Engine. To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Cloud & Services Google Google I/O 2017 Blair Hanley Frank is primarily focused on the public cloud, productivity and operating systems businesses for the IDG News Service. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon PCWorld PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done. About Us Contact Us Digital Edition Customer Service Gift Subscription Ad Choices Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships PCWorld CATEGORIES Business Laptops Mobile PC Hardware Printers Security Software Videos Windows IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG Permissions IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld TechHive Get PCWorld's Digital Editions Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Google rolling out arsenal of services, gadgets Associated Press By MICHAEL LIEDTKE, AP Technology Writer 12 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Counties where the American dream is dead America's fastest growing cities Click to expand Replay Video Which airlines reward frequent fliers the most? The annual award-seat availability survey is out, and the overall trend is not encouraging for members of airline loyalty programs. But there are airlines where you can still get a lot of bang for your miles. WSJ's Tanya Rivero and Scott McCarthy reveal who tops the list and break down the results. Photo: Getty Images The Wall Street Journal. Beyonce and Jay Z are officially a billion dollar couple Forbes estimates that Beyonce and Jay Z are now worth $1.16 billion. CNBC Alex Jones apologizes to Chobani Right-wing host Alex Jones apologizes to Chobani for a story that implied its refugee employees were criminals. Elizabeth Keatinge (@elizkeatinge) has more. Veuer SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Google Lens is smart enough to identify flower species CNET See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Which airlines reward frequent fliers the most? The Wall Street Journal.2:45 Beyonce and Jay Z are officially a billion dollar couple CNBC1:16 Alex Jones apologizes to Chobani Veuer0:51 Startup delivers STD tests to your home CNN Money3:58 America's oil production confounds OPEC Reuters1:56 'WannaCry' ransomware attack stymies global PCs Wochit Tech0:46 VIX surges to one-month high amid Trump turmoil Bloomberg3:04 You can send loved ones' ashes into space on Elon Musk's rockets for $2,500 CNBC0:47 Why this British McDonald’s ad has people outraged The Washington Post1:24 Investor takes on Buffalo Wild Wings The Wall Street Journal.0:33 Move over GMOs? Monsanto says they are experimenting with gene editing Fox Business2:43 China's version of the World Bank wants US to join CNN Money2:30 Elon Musk just gave us a peek inside his 125 mph tunnel Business Insider1:31 Ford plans to slash jobs by 10 percent Reuters1:09 Hackers demand ransom for stolen Disney movie Fox Business1:43 Here's how to protect yourself against the WannaCry ransomware attack The Washington Post1:46 UP NEXT Video by CNET Popular Searches Advanced Micro Devices Inc AMD ▼ 11.20 -1.55 -12.16% Cisco Systems Inc CSCO ▼ 33.82 -0.48 -1.40% Adani Enterprises Ltd 512599 ▲ 123.50 +3.50 +2.92% Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras PBR ▼ 10.29 -0.16 -1.53% MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. — Google is providing the latest peek at its digital services and gadgets, initially offering a major focus on its efforts to extend artificial intelligence features into more of its apps and services. CEO Sundar Pichai unveiled Google Lens, a set of vision-based computing capabilities that can understand what you are looking at. It will first be available as part of Google's voice-controlled digital assistant — which bears the straightforward name "Google Assistant" — and Photos app. In the real world, that means you could, for instance, point your phone camera at a restaurant and get reviews for it. Pinterest has a similar tool. Also called Lens, it lets people point their cameras at real-world items and find out where to buy them, or find similar things online. Another tool in Google Photos will prompt you to share photos you take with people you know. For instance, Photos will notice when you take a shot of a friend and nudge you to send it to her, so you don't forget. Google will also let you share whole photos libraries with others. Facebook has its own version of this feature in its Moments app. © The Associated Press This Wednesday, April 26, 2017, photo shows a Google icon on a mobile phone, in Philadelphia. Google is about to provide the latest peek at its digital services and gadgets as it seeks to become an even more influential force in people’s lives. The overview will come Wednesday, May 17, 2017, during Google’s annual conference for thousands of computer programmers. Updates to the next version of Google’s Android software for mobile devices and its voice-controlled digital assistant are among the items expected to be on the agenda. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke) Many of Google's products are vying against similar offerings from Apple, Amazon and Microsoft. Some features won't be out until later this year. The overview comes Wednesday during Google's annual conference for thousands of computer programmers. Google is expected to give the crowd a look at new twists in its Android software for mobile devices. Executives are also laying out how the company is expanding the reach and capabilities of the Google Assistant, which is currently available on some smartphones and an internet-connected speaker called Home. Wednesday's keynote is taking place at an outdoor theater near the company's Mountain View, California, headquarters. ___ AP technology reporter Tali Arbel contributed from New York. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Entertainment Video Reviews Find a Product Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login Android Device Manager has a new name: Find My Device Google speeds up transactions even without Android Pay Android O has emoji you'll actually recognize Latest in Gear Microsoft's Template Studio codes your Universal Windows apps for you 1h ago View Android Device Manager has a new name: Find My Device 2h ago View Google speeds up transactions even without Android Pay 4h ago View Android O has emoji you'll actually recognize 4h ago View Image credit: AOL, Roberto Baldwin save Save share AI-powered Google for Jobs has work for everybody The company’s artificial intelligence wants to help everyone get paid. Roberto Baldwin, @strngwys 5h ago in Mobile Comments 456 Shares Share Tweet Share Save AOL, Roberto Baldwin While the technology industry is a goldmine of employment, for anyone not developing an app or working on AI, finding a job can be tough. This is especially true for folks looking for entry-level positions. Craigslist decimated the classified section of newspapers and while sites like Monster, Linkedin and others are helpful if you have an established career, for entry-level jobs, it's tough to find work. According to Google, it's also hard for employers to find people to fill those positions. So, in partnership with Linkedin, Monster, CareerBuilder, Glassdoor, and -- surprisingly -- Facebook, the tech giant will be launching Google for Jobs, an AI-powered search engine that combines Google search, machine learning (to delve into career sites), job boards, staffing agencies and applicant tracking systems to help you find work in your area. You can even set an alert for your search. That means, if the barista position you're looking for isn't available today, Google will notify you when it surfaces. That's outstanding if you're one the 4.4 percent of the population that's unemployed. It was also good to see Google CEO Sundar Pichai demo job search with retail jobs instead of developer jobs. There are plenty of ways for a computer science major to find a gig. Finding a spot as a cashier in a store can be a bit trickier because of inconsistent job titles and some companies sticking to the same job posting plan year after year, even though better solutions are out there. Google takes all the information from various sources, throws its AI at it, and spits out an easy to read list that's beneficial to everyone involved. This announcement is also is a timely reminder of the importance of smartphones for those struggling to make a living. The ubiquitous device has become an important tool for finding work, as for many it's their primary means of getting online. With Google's announcement, that task is now just a bit easier. Google's AI initiative will power some pretty cool technology like Google Lens and Assistant, but it's good to know the company is also making sure that artificial intelligence is helping folks that need a paycheck more than they need to know what kind of flower they're looking at. For all the latest news and updates from Google I/O 2017, follow along here In this article: AI, applenews, artificialintelligence, enployment, gadgetry, gadgets, gear, google, googleio2017, googlejobs, jobs, Jobsearch, mobile, opinion, personal computing, personalcomputing 456 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 1h 1h ago in Personal Computing Microsoft's Template Studio codes your Universal Windows apps for you You provide the framework, then let the wizard handle the rest. By A. Dalton,  1h ago save Save share View 2h 2h ago in Mobile Android Device Manager has a new name: Find My Device Part of the Google Play Protect rollout is a new name for an old feature. By R. Lawler,  2h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in Security NSA would have to disclose its cyber exploit policies under new bill Ideally, before a global ransomware attack. By D. Lumb,  3h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago in Internet Google speeds up transactions even without Android Pay Any saved card will now work across Android Pay, the Play store and Chrome. By A. Dalton,  4h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago in Mobile Android O has emoji you'll actually recognize The days of strange blobs are almost over. By J. Fingas,  4h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Entertainment Gaming Video Podcasts Deals Find a Product Contribute Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google thwarts recent attempt to genericize its trademarked brand name Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/17 8:21am PDTMay 17, 2017 9 Plus 1 on G+ 38 Share on Facebook 34 Share on Twitter Total Shares81 Google News Google might have joined the common vernacular — it was entered into the venerable Oxford English Dictionary back in 2006, after all — but it has staunchly resisted attempts to render the actual trademark "Google" invalid. A recent suit to invalidate the term has been decided in Google's favor, so that's one more attempt thwarted. Instead of joining the vaulted halls of cellophane, linoleum, and thermos, Google will remain a trademark. Genericization is a big problem for big businesses. Companies like Xerox and Zamboni have had to launch ad campaigns in the past to keep their terms out of common use. This particular suit originated off of an earlier conflict back in 2012 in which Google wrangled back some squatted domains that used their trademark. The domain-holder then filed suit to try to have Google's trademark invalidated. A decision in Google's favor was reached in 2014, and with the most recent ruling, all realistic subsequent appeals have now been exhausted. At least for now, Google's trademark is safe. Realistically, though, it's not as if anyone says they are going to Google something and then use Bing, right? To Google is to Google. Source: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit Via: Ars Technica Tags generic genericization Google google it trademark subscribe ... Previous Story The LG Stylo 3 Plus is now available at T-Mobile ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Celebrate the start of Google I/O with 9 temporarily free and 10 on-sale apps, ... Trending 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Milton P. I'll just "duckduckgo" that. Just to check what's going on with Google. JPLoureiro I shall Ask Jeeves about said Duck. Max Johnson I was going to say that. Lol. thartist rolls off the tongue! JPLoureiro Google be like: https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/9442c103b06f02e26bb50b06104ad7260df9f7af5e6215c0c7525d1ddad1f2dd.jpg Latheryin I really wish I could say that, but the other day I told someone to Google something and they sure enough opened the edge browser and used bing. I know a few then refer to any Internet search as googling. Even heard a teacher refer to it once. I made sure to clarify. Matt Well, if Bing was set as the default search engine, did you really expect the person to type in google.com just because you said to google it? Christopher Bement Yes. JRomeo it's not that. it's that they think searching on bing is a form of googling it. Latheryin Bingo. Too many people really think googling is a term for an Internet search. Christopher Bement Seriously, punch this person. It is so irritating. Where did you find this out? On google. When they really mean, I opened CHROME, and searched bing or yahoo or aol. Martin You asking them to google something and them then using Bing is not the same thing as them calling using Bing "googling". My guess is that they interpreted your request as "search the web", and used their search engine of choice. Just like I fire up Google Music whenever someone tells me to search for something on Spotify, because I know what they really mean is "listen to this track". Latheryin I am a firm believer in say what you mean and mean what you say. All that says is people can't follow simple directions. If I meant use bing then I would have said to use bing, or Yahoo or what ever. marcusmarcus2 If you are a firm believer in say what you mean, you should tell them to search for something on google or do a google search for it. Saying google it does not fully say what you mean. Google does a lot now a days. You could mean search something, put it in a google document, email through googles email, invent 5 different messaging apps for said thing, buy said thing for the patents and turn around and sell it. All could technically mean googling something. Latheryin No I could not mean that as it is not what I said. If I say to Google it then there really is only one way to do that. If a person can't follow those simple instructions then normally I really start to question their worth to the company in their currant roll. Google search is the only product from Google that is used in the office. Everything else I Microsoft or company based. mxwp well this is what the genericize suit is about. "googling" something has already become genericized as using a q-tip. so that is what you mean when you tell something to google it. so they are not being an idiot and instead just makes you sound like a pedantic prick. are you going to get mad that i used a Target brand cotton swab instead of a Q-Tip? next time specify that you literally want someone to use the Google search engine if you really care about "meaning what you say." Martin I can picture you emptying a salt shaker into your hand when someone asks you to pass the salt. 😜 Latheryin Hope they can catch. I said that to my father once. Haha 4Ui812 I'm gonna have to Lycos this story to make sure it checks out. :-) dizel123 I just asked Jeeves and he said its legit 4Ui812 I'm gonna double check that with Dogpile (it was Google before Google was born) dizel123 I never heard of Dogpile, so I looked it up on Excite. Seems pretty cool. George Alta Vista also confirms the story is legit. 4Ui812 Damn , I forgot about Excite lol . You get 1,000 up votes. Anu6is Felt the same way when I read his comment. lol Codemonkey83 I was going to check Infoseek (1994) about this ... but they dead :-( Tabe Has anyone crosschecked this with Hotbot? Lon Grove Hotbot was definitely the go to in the pre-Google days. UKTK8 Tripled checked on cuil. Still legit. vzwuser76 What? No mention of Netscape Navigator? C'mon people! Ammar "Realistically, though, it's not as if anyone says they are going to Google something and then use Bing, right?" I won't be surprised if this actually happens. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Bing it to find out. si3ge you mean google it? Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Do I? si3ge yes Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Oh, okay then. marcusmarcus2 I duck duck goosed it, it turned around and slapped me. Elemetrix Yea it definitely happens from people less computer literate. To google it means to use whatever search option happens to be on their browser homepage. Gregory But it's only the companies themselves for whom that brand recognition is important. Most people couldn't care less. vladashram Not really. Slap the term Google Infront of any product and increase it's sales. People like their brands. If Google were to lose the Google trademark, imagine the quantity of items being sold that use the term Google in the name. Colin Richardson Every Chinisium grade (read: worthless) item would be Google Lock, Google Dock, Google Sock, Google C... you get the idea. Mark Curtis "imagine the quantity of items being sold that use the term Google in the name". Doesn't that already happen? JD Increase it's sales....? Right now I associate anything with Google infront of it as being the Alpha version of that thing. Pixel is the Beta. George Bing is synonymous with Search as Apple is to Innovation... OrionBeast https://media.giphy.com/media/up931VbiJsyze/giphy.gif Christopher Bement Here's more shots: Bing sucks ass. I'm not binging shit. ASYOUTHIA✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I thought Bing was the sound your penis makes during its first erection *bing!* Dn Bro I like to use the phrase I'm going to bing that. I think it rolls off the tongue better. George it rolls off your tongue like your head off your shoulders. Daniel In Germany the "duden" has to change it's definition of "googeln" (to google smth) from searching something on the web to search something with Google so Google don't lose the rights on the name Pixelexel But it's important to keep their trademark in control. Wouldn't that be the only way to prevent misuse someone using Google's name to sell a shady service? Cakefish Google = internet search, in my mind. Except when I'm not using Google, which is never. marcusmarcus2 Really? Zamboni had to do an ad campaign to keep their terms out of common use? I guess that is partly my fault. I always referred to street sweepers as a "Road Zamboni". I'm sorry! bekifft This was the correct judgement but I absolutely have seen people "Google" something by searching using whatever was in front of them, usually Yahoo through trickery and deception. Ben Godfrey Have you tried Googling with Bing? https://www.youtube.com/embed/tYVCk10AzS0 Follow Android Police 1.49M 469k 144k 115k Latest Deals 1 [Deal Alert] Celebrate the start of Google I/O with 9 temporarily free and 10 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/17 9:09am PDTMay 17, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $50 off the new HTC U11 with promo code 2017/05/17 3:40am PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 10 [Deal Alert] Get 20% off electronics on eBay with promo code 2017/05/16 4:18pm PDTMay 16, 2017 1 [Deal Alert] 23k gold-plated LG Watch Urbane Luxe is just $150 at B&H ($150+ off) 2017/05/15 9:01pm PDTMay 15, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 69 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 274 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 92 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 311 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 18 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 24 7 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/2/17 - 5/8/17) 2017/05/08 12:30pm PDTMay 8, 2017 9 21 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/26/17 - 5/2/17) 2017/05/02 5:43pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 YouTube mobile streaming is open to all, no longer has a subscriber requirement 2017/05/17 5:46pm PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Hands-on] Futurama Worlds of Tomorrow, a clone of a clone 2017/05/17 4:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 25 Any developer can now make Instant Apps for Android 2017/05/17 2:37pm PDTMay 17, 2017 20 The Google Home app now features customizable user-defined shortcuts for Assistant 2017/05/17 2:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 0 Google's education app Expeditions is getting a new AR mode 2017/05/17 1:17pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Blast from the Past 323 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Play Store Pre-Registration] Google Announces Allo, A Smart Messaging App Based On Your Phone Number 2016/05/18 1:15pm PDTMay 18, 2016 94 2 Years Ago Today Google App v4.6 Enables Translucent Status And Navigation Bars For Google Now Screen On Custom Launchers [APK Download] 2015/05/18 1:38pm PDTMay 18, 2015 46 3 Years Ago Today [New App] AllCast Receiver Hits Google Play, Lets You Stream Media To Any Android Device Using AllCast 2014/05/18 11:18pm PDTMay 18, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Release Candidate Rolls Out For The Sony Xperia Tablet Z [Update: Nightlies Too] 2013/05/18 5:36pm PDTMay 18, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Because We May – Coalition Of Game Developers Set To Offer Deep Discounts In Celebration Of Pricing Freedom 2012/05/18 6:20pm PDTMay 18, 2012 2 6 Years Ago Today Rumor: Dell Streak Pro 10-inch Tablet Packing Tegra 2, Keyboard Dock, Weighs As Much As a XOOM? 2011/05/18 8:40am PDTMay 18, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today DataViz Slated to Showcase Documents To Go 3.0 for Android at Google I/O 2010 2010/05/18 7:02pm PDTMay 18, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 104 [Update: Visa confirms, kinda] Android Pay launches seem imminent for Canada and Russia 2017/05/17 9:27am PDTMay 17, 2017 168 [Update: Factory images and OTA files] Android beta registration is back, O Dev Preview 2 rolling out now 2017/05/17 2:44pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 7 Days 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 475 Netflix confirms it is blocking rooted/unlocked devices, app itself is still working (for now) 2017/05/13 3:08pm PDTMay 13, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 30 Days 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 121 queries | 0.426s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... The Allo web client is still a month or two from release, says Google's Nick Fox Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/05/17 9:13am PDTMay 17, 2017 55 Plus 1 on G+ 49 Share on Facebook 45 Share on Twitter Total Shares149 Applications News Oh, Allo. We all wanted to give you a chance when Google announced you at I/O 2016. After months of waiting, the app has picked few of the features we wanted. Hey, it's got stickers, though. According to Google's VP of product management Nick Fox, the Allo web app is at least a month or two from release still. It was Fox who teased the Allo web app in February. At the time, it contained many of the features we've seen in the phone client like stickers and Smart Replies. Having Google Assistant on your desktop could be cool even if you never use Allo. @AndreiCocari @Google I'm using web client every day and loving it 😋. Team is working hard to get it out ASAP, but we're still a month or two from public release. — Nick Fox (@RealNickFox) May 11, 2017 Fox says he's using this client every day, and  he loves it. He is, of course, biased. Fox estimates the team is at least a month or two from a general release. Fingers crossed. This might not be the thing that saves Allo (if that's even possible), but it won't hurt. Tags allo apps Google messaging nick fox web app subscribe ... Previous Story [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed ... ... Next Story [Update: Visa confirms, kinda] Android Pay launches seem imminent for Canada and Russia Trending 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Darth Vader Enough with Allo. I'm here waiting for Google to announce its two new messaging apps today. raazman We need a sticker app. A voice app. A video chat app. A regular sms app. An emoji app. Am I missing anything else? Suicide_Note A new search app. Darth Vader With an integrated sticker pack that popups with the all new search bar. derp_cookies Ok you can stop now. raazman No no, we must go on, in the spirit of Google! Winston Well not a new search app. But yet another way to search. Widget. Assistant. Chrome. Pre-Nougat: Recents menu. Google App. Voice Search App. Pixel Launcher pill. You could genuinely have every one of these ways to search Google on a single device: A Marshmallow-running device that has the Voice Search app, has all the apps and the latest Google installed for Assistant, and running the Pixel Launcher. Cael A snapchat clone app that will be shuttered when Snapchat goes up for sale and Google outbids Facebook for it. raazman Oh, sick! Christopher Bement They won't shutter it, Google needs at least 2 of everything. They'll have their app, a shitty snapchat clone that takes better photos and works smoother on Android, then they'll keep snapchat with it's horrible photos and Android app. Cael Google will shutter it. They always do eventually. Christopher Bement Okie dokie smokie. Christopher Bement By voice do you mean calling or just sending voice messages? If the latter, then we need a new app for that too. raazman Of course! YuCMi *sigh* Who even cares anymore? If there's nothing significant on Allo in Google IO, I'm switching everyone I know to Signal. Kyle Gospodnetich Check out Wire. Same encryption as Signal but it has desktop & web apps like Hangouts and allows multiple installs on multiple phones. Pretty polished UI as well. Andrew Unless this concerns you: https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/secure-messaging-app-wire-stores-everyone-youve-ever-contacted-in-plain-text Kyle Gospodnetich It's a contact list (No conversations), and they're working on an alternative. Not bothered one bit. keithzg Telegram's a decent option too (and has both desktop and web clients), but Signal does seem to have no downsides that Allo doesn't already have. And unlike a Google messaging product, you can be fairly certain they won't yank it away the day after tomorrow or randomly remove features. drcaveman My wife and I just started using Allo, as Facebook Messenger was becoming way to bloated. You know what we really like it, but given our history Google is bound to announce it's replacement today. raazman Same here, I hope they build on top of Allo and Duo, get their head straight and make them useful for more people. Darth Vader Me and my friends have been finding Messenger to be too bloated and too annoying too. Gave Allo a try a few times but it just won't stick without web version and SMS support. raazman Yup, hopefully RCS takes care of the sms part and the web version is definitely happening. It's 2017, this is crazy. Darth Vader RCS? I wonder when the carriers here at my country are going to adopt it. Probably after 3-5 years from now... raazman Yeah, that's why data based messaging is more universal than waiting for RCS or sms in Allo. Darth Vader Why not just add data based messaging to Android Messages? It makes more sense that way since most of the popular OEMs will be using it as the default SMS app from this year onward. raazman Because that makes too much sense. Jason Brian Chapa SMS support is not coming to Allo. Give it up people. RCS is replacing SMS. If you want carrier-based messaging, use Android Messages and pray that your carrier supports RCS sooner, rather than later. mxwp but if it is just you two, then you can switch to something else. the problem with Allo is getting everyone else to use it. most people i know still use hangouts so my wife and i are still using it, despite losing SMS. (people seem to forget that when you are at work and have gmail open, you automatically already have hangouts also open) George if this dude is using the web client daily and its still a month or 2 away, expect SMS fallback for I/O 2020. Cael Allo won't even make it past 2018 at this point. TheDave1022 Web client is not a desktop client. I'm not loading up a website each time I want to chat with someone. Hangouts extension through the browser is already annoying, but that would be acceptable Winston Pin tab. Or use Open as window. fijisiv I'm just the opposite - I already have my browser open, I'm not installing another program. Willie Chalmers III What are the benefits of using a dedicated desktop client to a web app? raazman There really are none. matteventu 1- Download Visual Studio 2- Create a new VB.NET project 3- Drop a webview in the form 4- Set the attributes to direct to the URL of Allo's web client 5- Build and install on your PC 6- Enjoy (I'm not joking, it's really that easy) keithzg Telegram has a desktop client and is otherwise quite comparable feature-wise to Hangouts. Signal has a Chrome extension you can run without loading a web browser window and which gets its own icon in the taskbar. It's really quite sad that Google keeps muddling around, creating new services, removing features from better old ones, while the competition has largely surpassed them. At this point the main reason I use Hangouts is inertia; they'd have to do a lot to get me to switch to Allo, when competing services do more already and with Google's history of deprecating such services, merely reaching feature parity won't be enough. MJ Web client doesn't matter if Allo doesn't support SMS. Who is using this? My concern is Hangouts is becoming just for "business users" so what about it's integration in Gmail? That going away? That would suck because that is what I use. My can't Allo (with SMS support) just replace Hangouts in Gmail? Suicide_Note My friends and family use it, though i admit Allo isn't used by anywhere near as many people as other messaging apps. Daniel I use it, and as long as somebody I know is using android I send it to them as an instant app and force them to use it. JK They use it cuz instant apps are really cool. catalysto I don't care so much about SMS integration (though it would be nice). But having no web app makes Allo a nonstarter for me. Cael We'll get a new app for Gmail integration! mxwp that's why i still use hangouts. people seem to forget than when you have gmail open, hangouts is also automatically open. i don't think they will replace hangouts with something else in gmail (go back to simpler gchat?). if they replace it with Allo, then THAT is what will eventually get people to use Allo. Gfame103 Integrate the web client integrate Duo (video and audio call) and create a VOIP app for Google Voice. Then I can remove Hangouts, 1 of the 286515 messaging apps from Google. Winston The whole reason they split Duo was to make it more enticing as a WhatsApp companion rather than replacement. Remember, back then, WhatsApp Video hadn't been launched. Now, I think that may be possible. Stakoman I'm looking forward to get this, i really like allo! Plot twist...they want us to think its not launching today...but it will! :D dcdttu Please don't require a persistent notification on my phone like WhatsApp does. Also, I can't believe we're waiting this long for a feature that should have been available at launch. Christopher Bement How many Google apps have a persistent notification other than actual playing sound or video? Come on. dcdttu Well, if you've been paying attention to the Allo web client leaks, it seems to work just like WhatsApp: a relay system between the web and your phone. In order to do this, WhatsApp requires a persistent notification on your phone so the app doesn't die and can redirect messages...just like every other app that needs to stay running constantly. Christopher Bement I haven't been paying attention, because most news about this app is depressing so I try to avoid. Thanks for enlightening me, it's my hope and I have small faith that they can do this better than Whatsapp, based on the fact they own the software from top to bottom. But who knows, perhaps they'll fuck this up, too. EnerJi They already screwed up the backup feature. The once per week or once per day backup is a huge step backwards from Hangouts' instant sync. erptastic Wow really? Allo works like WhatsApp with local chats?! And that BS from the company that are elsewhere leading the cloud development? Sad. Rod So, you prefer not being aware someone may be accessing your chat history? dcdttu ...what? This has nothing to do with that. At all. Hangouts doesn't have a persistent notification and nobody sees that chat history. Rod If you have WhatsApp Web to auto-login in your computer, anyone with access to your PC will be able to see your chats? sam1331 Well there goes most of my excitement for the day. You know, I played around with Allo after the selfie stickers came out with a friend and it honestly seemed more enjoyable than Hangouts. But there's just no way I could convince a single person to switch, or switch over my family (which is really doable for me) until there's a well-functioning webapp. After that, it needs Duo integration as my family understands how to click a video icon on our conversation, it's a lot simpler than teaching them to open another app with a different UI to talk to me. After that, Duo needs group video chat so I can uninstall Hangouts on their phones (since some older people are easily confused). I almost think I can't switch my family until this happens. Finally, it needs video chat from a laptop. Then it will be complete. That completes all of our use cases. Darth Vader Duo integration is on the way according to an APK teardown. Christopher Bement I hope they do something to use up all the W A S T E D S P A C E. matteventu Wait. That guy is vice-president of "Communications Products" at Google. When has he been hired? We could know who to blame for the mess from Hangouts/Google+ Messanger to what we have now. Lars Jeppesen "Vice President of Google messaging applications" at Google :) Rod I really hope it doesn't work like WhatsApp, but Telegram. EnerJi One hour and 45 minutes into the keynote, and no mention of Allo. Could it be totally skipping the keynote? That would be a pretty grim sign. ilovetesla will the web app work like whatsapp web where you keep the phone connected or a standalone thing Lars Jeppesen Hopefully the first jdrch Too little, far too late. Follow Android Police 1.49M 469k 144k 115k Latest Deals 1 [Deal Alert] Celebrate the start of Google I/O with 9 temporarily free and 10 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/17 9:09am PDTMay 17, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $50 off the new HTC U11 with promo code 2017/05/17 3:40am PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 10 [Deal Alert] Get 20% off electronics on eBay with promo code 2017/05/16 4:18pm PDTMay 16, 2017 1 [Deal Alert] 23k gold-plated LG Watch Urbane Luxe is just $150 at B&H ($150+ off) 2017/05/15 9:01pm PDTMay 15, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 69 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 274 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 92 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 311 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 18 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 24 7 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/2/17 - 5/8/17) 2017/05/08 12:30pm PDTMay 8, 2017 9 21 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/26/17 - 5/2/17) 2017/05/02 5:43pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 YouTube mobile streaming is open to all, no longer has a subscriber requirement 2017/05/17 5:46pm PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Hands-on] Futurama Worlds of Tomorrow, a clone of a clone 2017/05/17 4:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 25 Any developer can now make Instant Apps for Android 2017/05/17 2:37pm PDTMay 17, 2017 20 The Google Home app now features customizable user-defined shortcuts for Assistant 2017/05/17 2:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 0 Google's education app Expeditions is getting a new AR mode 2017/05/17 1:17pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Blast from the Past 323 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Play Store Pre-Registration] Google Announces Allo, A Smart Messaging App Based On Your Phone Number 2016/05/18 1:15pm PDTMay 18, 2016 94 2 Years Ago Today Google App v4.6 Enables Translucent Status And Navigation Bars For Google Now Screen On Custom Launchers [APK Download] 2015/05/18 1:38pm PDTMay 18, 2015 46 3 Years Ago Today [New App] AllCast Receiver Hits Google Play, Lets You Stream Media To Any Android Device Using AllCast 2014/05/18 11:18pm PDTMay 18, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Release Candidate Rolls Out For The Sony Xperia Tablet Z [Update: Nightlies Too] 2013/05/18 5:36pm PDTMay 18, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Because We May – Coalition Of Game Developers Set To Offer Deep Discounts In Celebration Of Pricing Freedom 2012/05/18 6:20pm PDTMay 18, 2012 2 6 Years Ago Today Rumor: Dell Streak Pro 10-inch Tablet Packing Tegra 2, Keyboard Dock, Weighs As Much As a XOOM? 2011/05/18 8:40am PDTMay 18, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today DataViz Slated to Showcase Documents To Go 3.0 for Android at Google I/O 2010 2010/05/18 7:02pm PDTMay 18, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 104 [Update: Visa confirms, kinda] Android Pay launches seem imminent for Canada and Russia 2017/05/17 9:27am PDTMay 17, 2017 168 [Update: Factory images and OTA files] Android beta registration is back, O Dev Preview 2 rolling out now 2017/05/17 2:44pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 7 Days 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 475 Netflix confirms it is blocking rooted/unlocked devices, app itself is still working (for now) 2017/05/13 3:08pm PDTMay 13, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 30 Days 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 119 queries | 0.432s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Signout RegisterSign in Long Reads Indigenous Life Sexuality Playlist podcast SBS HOME On Demand Guide By Day By Channel By Genre By Language Programs Radio Radio Podcasts Radio Schedule SBS Chill SBS PopAraby SBS PopAsia SBS PopDesi World News radio Your Language Shop SBS Shop News Dateline Insight The Point The Feed NITV News Small Business Secrets Cycling Football Movies Food Comedy News News Home Video Latest News Europe Elections US Politics National World Asia-Pacific Middle-East Europe Africa North America South America World News Radio 18 May 2017 - 12:00pm Google unveils latest tech tricks Google has taken another step to infuse its products with artificial intelligence, adding the technology to photo selection. Source: AAP 18 May 2017 - 12:00 PM  UPDATED 5 HOURS AGO Tweet Google's computer programs are gaining a better understanding of the world and now it wants them to handle more of the decision-making for the billions of people who use its services. CEO Sundar Pichai and other top executives brought Google's audacious ambition into sharper focus at Wednesday's annual conference, attended by more than 7000 developers. Google unveiled new ways for its massive network of computers to identify images, as well as recommend, share and organise photos. It also is launching an attempt to make its voice-controlled digital assistant more proactive and visual while expanding its audience to Apple's iPhone, where it will try to outwit older peer, Siri. The push marks another step toward infusing nearly all of Google's products with some semblance of artificial intelligence. Pichai has made AI the foundation of his strategy since becoming Google's CEO in late 2015, emphasising technology is rapidly evolving-to an "AI-first" world. Google has taught new tricks to its digital assistant, which debuted last year on its Pixel phone and an internet-connected speaker called Home that is trying to mount a challenge to Amazon's Echo. Google Assistant is on more than 100 million devices and on Wednesday released a free app that works on the operating system powering Apple's iPhone. Previously, the assistant worked only on Google's Android software. A new service called Google Lens will give Assistant a power to identify images viewed through a phone. The camera can identify types of flowers and use a photo of a restaurant to bring up reviews. Google's assistant will be at a disadvantage on the iPhone, though, because Siri - a concierge that Apple introduced in 2011 - is built into that device. Google Photos has added a tool that will prompt you to share photos of people you know. Google will also let you share whole photo libraries with others and automatically share photos with other people. Google had also added a feature to Photos to create soft-cover and hard-cover albums, drawing on AI powers to automatically pick out the best pictures. Advertisement Advertisement Trending News Dutch king reveals secret life as airline co-pilot PM says alleged tax fraud implicating ATO deputy commissioner 'regrettable' Could President Trump be impeached? Japan princess's betrothal highlights male royal succession woes ATO deputy commissioner facing charges over son's alleged fraud Trending SBS Mooy's Huddersfield through to Championship playoff final EXCLUSIVE: I would be honored by Socceroos call, says tug-of-war whizkid Hrustic Police called in after fight erupts during Baahubali screening in Melbourne Meet Dr Anthony Murray, who is set to become Australia's first Indigenous orthopaedic surgeon What did China's new richest man say when Bill Gates and Warren Buffett asked him to donate all the money? In Social Stay Connected with SBS News Stay Connected with SBS News Vertical Tabs Newsletter Newsletter Subscribe now Podcast Podcasts Listen now RSS RSS Subscribe now txinfo Watch on SBS ONE 6.30pm nightly and 10.30pm Mon-Fri, listen at 6am & 6pm Mon-Fri. Stay Connected with SBS News Newsletter Subscribe now Podcasts Listen now RSS Subscribe now Watch on SBS ONE 6.30pm nightly and 10.30pm Mon-Fri, listen at 6am &amp; 6pm Mon-Fri. In Social Subscribe Facebook 888K Follow Twitter 275.9K Advertisement Back to top Copyright Terms & Conditions Privacy Disclaimer Your online preferences Audience Technical Support Complaints Contact Media Releases The SBS Charter Codes of Practice Policies & Publications Freedom of Information Public Interest Disclosure Freeview Using this Website FAQs Our Story Commissioned Content Translations & Subtitling Sales & Advertising Tenders & Purchasing Opportunities SBS International Publicity Media Centre Careers How to receive SBS TV & Radio How to get my Program on SBS What SBS tells me about Australia Why SBS introduced commercials The SBS Board of Directors SBS Shop NITV Podcasts CQ Cultural Intelligence Newsletters
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Categories 7 On Your Side Distraction U.S. & World California Business Technology I-Team Assignment 7 Politics Sports Entertainment Health Station Info About ABC7 Meet the News Team Our Community Contests, Promotions & Rules Jobs & Internships uReport: Your Photos & Videos Shows ABC7 Live Newscasts Beyond The Headlines with Cheryl Jennings ABC7 Specials TV Listings Bay Area LIFE Live Well Network/Laff TV Bay Area Life; Sundays at 6:30 p.m. on ABC7 Follow Us TECHNOLOGY Google unveils new products at annual developers conference in Mountain View Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc7news.com/video/embed/?pid=2005962" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Google is giving the public a glimpse at some of their newest products at their annual developer's conference in Mountain View Wednesday. (KGO-TV ) KGO By Jonathan Bloom Wednesday, May 17, 2017 07:03PM MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. (KGO) -- Google's computer programs are gaining a better understanding of the world, and now it wants them to handle more of the decision-making for the billions of people who use its services. The annual I/O developer's conference in Mountain View brings technology experts, musicians and consumers together. Watch the video player above for the full story. ABC7 News reporter Jonathan Bloom was live tweeting from inside the event: Only at @Google #IO17 would the object of this whac-a-mole game be to bring down a cluster of servers. pic.twitter.com/Y5iWd5YFPr— Jonathan Bloom (@BloomTV) May 17, 2017 "Actions on Google" is the platform developers will use to teach the Google Assistant new tricks - and there's a competition to kick it off. pic.twitter.com/4joCQFng3D— Jonathan Bloom (@BloomTV) May 17, 2017 Google made a video about a Chicago teen who taught himself machine learning to help doctors detect breast cancer earlier. He's here today. pic.twitter.com/qGoBhAefpX— Jonathan Bloom (@BloomTV) May 17, 2017 Instead of GPS, Google will have "VPS" -- a VISUAL positioning system -- to navigate precisely indoors. #io17 pic.twitter.com/Dx3vzqmlQI— Jonathan Bloom (@BloomTV) May 17, 2017 YouTube Go is a low-bandwidth version that helps users in developing countries save their precious megabytes of expensive mobile data. pic.twitter.com/bz4lz3JxVm— Jonathan Bloom (@BloomTV) May 17, 2017 Android O apps will report back to their developers if they're slowing down users' phones or draining their batteries. #IO17 pic.twitter.com/AC0S5iXiny— Jonathan Bloom (@BloomTV) May 17, 2017 Google announcing open source "tensor flow lite" to run AI locally on your phone. #IO17 pic.twitter.com/2yWKG4gyPZ— Jonathan Bloom (@BloomTV) May 17, 2017 Android guy Dave Burke enters to chorus of "Higher and Higher" by Jackie Wilson. #IO17 pic.twitter.com/IRYKPptYfY— Jonathan Bloom (@BloomTV) May 17, 2017 Tomorrow is @Google #io17. Today is I/O Youth: where future developers dream big, play with code & tell @Benioff they're available to hire. pic.twitter.com/Bs7OWF6ZZr— Jonathan Bloom (@BloomTV) May 16, 2017 Some kids at I/O Youth already have coding classes at school. For them, building a boat by writing code must've been child's play. #IO17 pic.twitter.com/qpsojQgvlC— Jonathan Bloom (@BloomTV) May 16, 2017 Kids at I/O Youth got to try out "littlebits," a kit to build integrated circuits and run code on them. These two added some extra features. pic.twitter.com/VoQScBRyLM— Jonathan Bloom (@BloomTV) May 16, 2017 These kids at I/O Youth are animating a cartoon using @Google's Toontastic, and adding the sound of their own voices to the story. #IO17 pic.twitter.com/vqlY2FFhu4— Jonathan Bloom (@BloomTV) May 16, 2017 Before the "grown up" developers' conference, Google's IO Youth teaches kids to build circuits, write code and tell stories with technology. pic.twitter.com/n6wBNeZ1TM— Jonathan Bloom (@BloomTV) May 16, 2017 Related Topics: technologygoogleeducationcomputersstudentsMountain View Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KGO-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. TECHNOLOGY Google unveils new products at developers conference in Mountain View Google's I/O Youth conference teaches tech to kids in Mountain View 'Face Filters' and other features added to Instagram Hijack hacks: What you need to know about 'ransomware' More Technology Top Stories Trace amounts of pesticides found in San Francisco Bay Former SF AG appointed as special counsel to Russia investigation U2 breaks concert curfew in Santa Clara SF family seeks help finding missing Uber driver Oakland Mayor calls on residents to report potholes with new app Special counsel appointed to oversee Russia investigation Durant renovates basketball courts in Oakland Show More 7 On Your Side reports on problems caused by low-e glass windows Concord principal against effort to split district Authorities: East Bay car fire suspect may be responsible for more arsons Proposed budget cuts could hurt Sonoma Co. Sheriff's Dept. Military dad makes touching appearance in maternity photos More News Top Video Trace amounts of pesticides found in San Francisco Bay Former SF AG appointed as special counsel to Russia investigation U2 breaks concert curfew in Santa Clara Oakland Mayor calls on residents to report potholes with new app More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Categories Video Photos 7 On Your Side Distraction U.S. & World California Business Technology Station Info About ABC7 Meet the News Team Our Community Contests, Promotions & Rules Jobs & Internships uReport: Your Photos & Videos Shows ABC7 Live Newscasts Beyond The Headlines with Cheryl Jennings ABC7 Specials TV Listings Bay Area LIFE Live Well Network/Laff TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay 7 On Your Side Distraction U.S. & World California Business Technology About ABC7 Meet the News Team Our Community Contests, Promotions & Rules Jobs & Internships uReport: Your Photos & Videos Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KGO-TV San Francisco. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Categories 7 On Your Side Distraction U.S. & World California Business Technology I-Team Assignment 7 Politics Sports Entertainment Health Station Info About ABC7 Meet the News Team Our Community Contests, Promotions & Rules Jobs & Internships uReport: Your Photos & Videos Shows ABC7 Live Newscasts Beyond The Headlines with Cheryl Jennings ABC7 Specials TV Listings Bay Area LIFE Live Well Network/Laff TV Bay Area Life; Sundays at 6:30 p.m. on ABC7 Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KGO-TV San Francisco
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 2 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Google I/O: Google Home will now let you make voice calls, catching up to Alexa Google announced new features for its Google Home personal assistant product Wednesday. Post to Facebook Google I/O: Google Home will now let you make voice calls, catching up to Alexa Google announced new features for its Google Home personal assistant product Wednesday.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2rrXSmO {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Buzz Video podcasts Newsletter Google I/O: Google Home will now let you make voice calls, catching up to Alexa Jefferson Graham , USA TODAY Published 3:58 p.m. ET May 17, 2017 | Updated 11 hours ago 6 Shares CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share USA TODAY's Jefferson Graham says Google Home is improved but is still a work in progress with some gaping holes. Video by Robert Hanashiro LOS ANGELES — Google announced new features for its Google Home personal assistant product Wednesday, with one key catch-up to rival Amazon — free phone calls to the United States and Canada mobile and landline phones. Google is bringing hands free calling to Google Home  (Photo: Screen shot) Google Home, which is a distant No. 2 in the personal digital assistant speaker market to Amazon's Echo speaker line, announced many new tools for the Home that tap into the Google Assistant. The assistant is Google's answer to Apple's Siri, Microsoft's Cortana and Samsung's Bixby and looks to use voice computing for both search and daily tasks. In Google's vision of the utopian world, we would use Google Home to answer basic search questions. We could control the living room entertainment experience by announcing shows and channels we want to watch via the additional Chromecast accessory dongle that plugs into the TV. Our queries would be displayed from Google Home on the TV visually. Google Lens coming to Photos & Assistant. Point camera at objects or restaurants, and get name of flower, reviews of restaurants. @googleiopic.twitter.com/R9XtugrRDp— jeffersongraham (@jeffersongraham) May 17, 2017 At the Google I/O developer conference, Google showed examples of getting mapping and weather information from Google Home and showcasing it on televisions. Google Home currently works with select partners to offer voice computing on their entertainment services. New ones added at I/O include Spotify's free, ad-supported music service, HBO Now, Hulu, SoundCloud for music and podcasts and the European music service Deezer. The feature that many users will opt for is sure to be free phone calls, which will come to Google Home over the next few months, said Rishi Chandra, Google's vice-president of Home products. Amazon added voice calling and messaging to Alexa earlier this month. Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2rrXSmO Most Popular 'WannaCry' ransomware attack: What we know Yes, Apple really did patent its own pizza box Google Pixels: Here's what the flagship phone needs to be a winner Netflix is testing price hikes, but not surge pricing Move over, Siri: Google Assistant is now on the iPhone Google I/O: Here are the big changes coming to Google
printed May 18, 2017 See this page online at: http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=19113 ≡ Reviews Phones Phone Finder News Carriers OSes Glossary Register Log In Advertising Licensing About Contact Privacy Terms of Use Home  ›  News  › Android O Beta Now Available Article Comments   Yesterday, 3:19 PM   by Eric M. Zeman   @phonescooper updated Yesterday, 3:58 PM Google today made the first public beta version of Android O available for download. The updated operating system is available to the Google Pixel, Pixel XL, and Pixel C, and the Nexus 6P, 5X, and Nexus Player. In order to access the beta, people will need to register via the Android.com web site. The beta is open to anyone. Some of the hallmark features of Android O include picture-in-picture, improved security, quick app loads, autofill, better power management, and more. Google warns that this initial public beta may not be stable enough for everyday use. Google expects to release the final version of Android O later this summer. more info at Android O » more info at Google » Related Google Pushes Second Beta of Android 7.1.2 Google has released a second beta update for Android 7.1.2. Build NPG47I is rolling out to the Google Pixel, Pixel XL, Pixel C, Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P, and Nexus Player devices, as long as those devices are enrolled in the public beta program. Google Releases Final Developer Preview of Android 7 Nougat Google today made the fifth and final preview of Android 7 Nougat available to app developers and beta testers. Google says devices that are enrolled in the beta program should be able to update to the newest preview right away. Google Gives Developers An Early Look at Android O Google today announced the first preview of Android O, the unnamed next version of its core mobile operating system. This early version of Android O brings with it a handful of new features that clearly target developers and device makers more so than end users. Google Releases 4th Dev Preview of Android N Google today made Android N Developer Preview 4 available to developers and beta testers. Google says devices that are enrolled in the beta program should be able to update to the newest preview right away. Google Opens Up Beta Testing for Search App Google is inviting some Android users to join a new beta program for testing the Google Search app. Google did not call out any specific new features in the first beta release, but warned testers it may be unstable or buggy. more news about:   AD Comments Start a new discussion You must log in to post. No messages yet     Page  1  of 1 Tweet this Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Email this Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS     Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram   About Contact Terms of Use All content Copyright 2001-2017 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission. 2 OK This is a preview. Click for full glossary page. Log In  or  Register email address username password Forgot password By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. (full privacy policy)
printed May 18, 2017 See this page online at: http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=19114 ≡ Reviews Phones Phone Finder News Carriers OSes Glossary Register Log In Advertising Licensing About Contact Privacy Terms of Use Home  ›  News  › Developers Can (Finally) Create Instant Apps Article Comments   Yesterday, 3:33 PM   by Eric M. Zeman   @phonescooper updated Yesterday, 5:12 PM Updated: added link Google today made its instant apps tool available to all developers. Google first announced instant apps at its I/O developer conference in 2016. Instant apps can run in the browser via search results even when not installed on users' phones. The idea is to improve the visibility of apps, allow people to test them, and encourage more app downloads. Only a few developers have had access to instant apps since last year. Now, any developer can create instant versions of the apps. Google said it will take most developers about four or five weeks to modify their apps to run in the instant format. It will be up to app creators to use this tool before instant apps begin to appear in search results. more info at Google » Related Android Instant Apps Let Apps Run Even When Not Installed Google today showed off what it calls Android Instant Apps. The idea here is to allow people to access content that's buried within apps that are not installed on their phone. Google Adds Instant Playback When Searching for Music Google recently added a new feature to Google Search for Android devices that makes it faster than ever to listen to new artists. From now on, when users ask Google Search about an artist or band, they'll be able to tap a link in the search results and play the artist's music in one of the music apps installed on the phone. Google Play to Improve Beta App Discovery Google plans to make it easier for people to find and test beta applications in the Google Play Store. Google said it will begin to surface beta apps within search results in order to improve visibility. Google to Surface iOS App Content in Search Results Google today enabled a new functionality that will let the Google Search app find content within iOS apps and include that data in search results. Users will then be able to select the search results and go directly to the associated app on their phone. Google Speeds Up Android App Installs By Allowing Them from Search Results Google has made it possible to install apps onto Android phones directly from Google Search results. The new tool bypasses the Play Store entirely, though a link to the Play Store is still available for those seeking more details about the app. more news about:   AD Comments Start a new discussion You must log in to post. No messages yet     Page  1  of 1 Tweet this Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Email this Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS     Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram   About Contact Terms of Use All content Copyright 2001-2017 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission. 2 OK This is a preview. Click for full glossary page. Log In  or  Register email address username password Forgot password By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. (full privacy policy)
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. KitGuru The KitGuru System Home News Reviews Gaming Lifestyle Mobile Professional Forum Home / Channel / Google strengthen position by acquiring 217 more IBM patents Google strengthen position by acquiring 217 more IBM patents Dragan January 4, 2012 Channel Google have acquired 217+ IBM patents in the run up to the end of 2011. The patents are varied and one has attracted the attention of the press, as it may offer the company another tool for their social networking development. Several publications, including Mashable are discussing the new IBM based patents as they cover a variety of services such as email management and transferring web applications between devices. One of the main topics of conversation however is that the patent purchasing helps protect them during potential, upcoming legal battles with other giants, such as Apple. Apple are proving a thorn in the side for Google Android partners as they have already sued some of their partners, such as LG and HTC. This is part of the reason why Google found the takeover of Motorola so inticing. By purchasing the brand, they not only gained access to the their development teams, but also a staggering 24,000 patents. The recent IBM patent addition in December adds a patent which is causing much discussion in social media networks. U.S. Patent 7,865,592 – “Using Semantic networks to develop a social network” proves interesting as it says “A method, apparatus and program product are provided for identifying common interests between users of a communication network. … [Interests] may be determined, for example, by calculating a ratio of the number of words in a content source to the time spent viewing the content.” In a nutshell, the algorithm could lead the average user in the direction of experts in the specific field they need. Mashable expand on this saying “For example, you may want to find someone knowledgeable about real estate in a specific neighborhood to ask for buying advice. But the right person may not list that as an “interest,” so you may not be able to easily find them in your expanded network (which includes friends of friends). A semantic network would find the right person to talk to by analyzing which people in your network post content having to do with the specific topic, and how much time others spend reading it.” Kitguru says: Google are strengthening their market position. There is no doubt a lot of this is to protect the Android platform and to ensure Apple can’t exploit weaknesses in their business infrastructure. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags Google acquire 217 IBM patents news Previous Angry Birds maker releasing new games in 2012 Next Intel to stop production of 25 desktop processors Check Also MSI is looking to sponsor up and coming esports teams, applications now open If any of you happen to be part of a competitive gaming team and are … Pingback: Google bolsters patent stockpile with IBM buy – TG DailyNouvelles du monde | Nouvelles du monde() Network Erica Topolski, a spokesperson for IBM Media Relations, said companies are increasingly interested in social-networking tools designed specifically for business. Polls Likely cost of your next earphones (not headphones)? Under £10 £10 to £20 £20 to £50 £50 to £100 Over £100 Always use headphones View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive KitGuru Facebook Archives Archives Select Month May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010  Contact Us © Copyright 2017, Kitguru.net All Rights Reserved
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 72 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Google I/O: Here are the big changes coming to Google Google revealed more about Home, Assistant, and other key services. Post to Facebook Google I/O: Here are the big changes coming to Google Google revealed more about Home, Assistant, and other key services.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2rsapYn {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Buzz Video podcasts Newsletter Google I/O: Here are the big changes coming to Google Brett Molina , USA TODAY Published 5:34 p.m. ET May 17, 2017 | Updated 8 hours ago 191 Shares Google CEO Sundar Pichai talks about Google Lens, which lets you point your phone's camera at places and objects to get information about them.  (Photo: Eric Risberg, AP) On Wednesday, Google kicked off its I/O developers conference with a keynote providing a peek into what the tech giant has planned for its range of services, including its artificial intelligence-powered Google Assistant. Here's what we learned from the first day of I/O: Google wants to help you find a job The company wants to make it easier for search users to discover job postings. Welcome to Google for Jobs, which will organize job listings more efficiently. So, if you search for, say, a software engineering job in a specific city, those listings pop up right at the top of search results. "The challenge of connecting job seekers to better information on job availability is like many search challenges we’ve solved in the past," said Google CEO Sundar Pichai. Google Assistant is on the iPhone Owners of Apple's smartphone now have three choices for a digital voice assistant: the native Siri, Amazon's Alexa (available through the main Amazon app), and Google Assistant, available as a standalone app. Most of the functions of Assistant are there, including the ability to make calls, send messages, or review weather updates and sports scores. Siri still holds a major advantage on the iPhone though, since it's readily accessible via Home button. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Google I/O 2017 highlights latest innovations  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Google CEO Sundar Pichai talks about Google Lens and updates to the Google Assistant during the keynote address of the Google I/O conference on May 17, 2017, in Mountain View, Calif. Google provided the latest peek at the digital services and gadgets that it has assembled in the high-tech tussle to become an even more influential force in people's lives.  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Google CEO Sundar Pichai delivers the keynote address of the Google I/O 2017 conference.  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Google CEO Sundar Pichai talks about Google Lens, which lets you point your phone's camera at places and objects to get information about them.  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Anil Sabharwal demonstrates updates to Google Photos during the keynote address of the Google I/O conference.  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Stephanie Saad Cuthbertson talks about Google Play Protect during the keynote address.  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Scott Huffman talks about the Google Assistant now being available on the Apple iPhone during the keynote address.  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Attendees wait in line to enter the opening keynote address at the Google I/O 2017 Conference at the Shoreline Amphitheater on May 17, 2017, in Mountain View, Calif.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen Attendees wait for the start of the opening keynote address at the Google I/O 2017 Conference.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen A general view of the stage at the Google I/O 2017 conference being held at the Shoreline Amphitheatre in Mountain View, Calif., on May 17, 2017.  Laura Mandaro, USA TODAY Fullscreen For the second straight year, Google is expected to use its annual conference for software developers to push its latest hardware. Google I/O 2017, the company's developers conference starts with a keynote address at 1 p.m. ET, during which Google is likely to reveal lots of news about both its latest wave of gadgets and its software. The Googleplex is the corporate headquarters complex of Google, at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway in Mountain View, Calif.  Marco Della Cava, USA TODAY Fullscreen Updates to the next version of Google's Android software for mobile devices and its voice-controlled digital assistant are among the items expected to be on the agenda.  Matt Rourke, AP Fullscreen Google CEO Sundar Pichai spoke during last year's Google I/O 2016 at Shoreline Amphitheatre on May 19, 2016, in Mountain View, Calif. Sundar Pichai will deliver the keynote for the Google I/O 2017 conference May 17, 2017.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen During the 2016 Google I/O conference Google Vice President of Product Management Mario Queiroz introduced the new Google Home. Google is expected to announce news about developments for both its latest devices and its software.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 13 2 of 13 3 of 13 4 of 13 5 of 13 6 of 13 7 of 13 8 of 13 9 of 13 10 of 13 11 of 13 12 of 13 13 of 13 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide   Google dabbles with augmented reality through Lens Imagine you see a restaurant through your smartphone camera, only instead of taking pictures you see a review and star rating. Google Lens borrows a bit from augmented reality apps, overlaying information on top of what you see through your camera. However, the app will recognize what it's viewing and offer specific actions. The feature will also integrate into Assistant. With Google Lens, your smartphone camera won’t just see what you see, but will also understand what you see to help you take action. #io17pic.twitter.com/viOmWFjqk1— Google (@Google) May 17, 2017 Hands-free calling isn't just for Amazon Echo Within the next few months, owners of the Google Home will be able to call any landline or mobile number in the U.S. and Canada. It's all hands-free, too. The speaker will also support voice commands for more entertainment services including HBO Now and Hulu. Virtual reality without cords or phones Ready for a headset that won't require a PC, game console or even a smartphone? HTC revealed it will make a standalone VR headset leveraging Google's Daydream platform. According to a blog post from HTC, it will launch later this year. Turn those Google Photos into books Yes, digital photo albums are great, but sometimes they can't top the real thing. Google is planning to update Photos to allow users to create their own photo books. Because Google automatically backs up photos, there's no need to upload images. Google Photos will also add shared libraries.   Follow Brett Molina on Twitter: @brettmolina23. Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2rsapYn Most Popular 'WannaCry' ransomware attack: What we know Yes, Apple really did patent its own pizza box Google Pixels: Here's what the flagship phone needs to be a winner Netflix is testing price hikes, but not surge pricing Move over, Siri: Google Assistant is now on the iPhone Google I/O: Here are the big changes coming to Google
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Thursday, May 18, 2017 3:06 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 33°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets In battle of digital assistants, Google heads to Apple turf Thursday May 18, 2017 09:49 AM GMT+8 ICYMI EPL last day scrap: City, Reds, Gunners fight for final two Euro places The Edit: Yuna first Malaysian to be nominated for BET award The Edit: Explosive new ‘Transformers’ clip The Edit: Danish ‘sex ambulance’ (VIDEO) Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Google CEO Sundar Pichai speaks on stage during the annual Google I/O developers conference in San Jose May 17, 2017. — Reuters picMOUNTAIN VIEW, May 18 — Google announced yesterday it was bringing its digital assistant to Apple iPhones as part of its effort to win the battle with tech rivals on artificial intelligence. At its annual developers conference at an outdoor concert-venue near its main campus in Mountain View, California, Google unveiled its vision for computing centred around artificial intelligence. “We are now witnessing a new shift in computing: the move from a mobile-first to an AI-first world,” Google chief executive Sundar Pichai said during an opening presentation. “It is forcing us to reimagine our products for a world that allows a more natural, seamless way of interacting with technology.” Those interactions, for Google, include using artificial intelligence to let people engage computers conversationally, have software anticipate needs, and let smartphone cameras “recognise” what they see. “In an AI-first world, we are rethinking all of our products and applying machine learning to solve problems,” Pichai said. Google Assistant, the centre of its AI efforts, is in a fierce battle with rivals such as Amazon’s Alexa, Microsoft Cortana and Apple’s Siri to be the top choice for use in smartphones as well as connected homes, cars and a range of other devices. “Siri’s got company, and all these other guys are pretty serious about it,” said Gartner analyst Brian Blau. Artificial intelligence is being woven into Google’s free Gmail service, used by more than a billion people, for features such as suggesting responses to messages. For example, opening an email containing an invitation to dinner might trigger a prompt to reply “I’m in.” Smartphones get eyes Google machine vision capabilities are being used to enable services such as recognising who is in pictures and what they are doing as well as translate languages in signs viewed through smartphone cameras, demonstrations showed. Advanced “Lens” features are being added first to the Google Photo application, which is available free. Aiming a smartphone camera at a flower will prompt it to be identified; while aiming it at a complex password and hotspot name on a router will let it automatically log into the wireless connection. Google also unveiled a second-generation computer chip it designed specifically to improve cloud computing capabilities in data centres. “We want Google Cloud to be the best cloud for machine learning,” Pichai said. He described the internet giant’s core search service and its Google Assistant as the company’s most important AI products. Google Assistant, introduced last year, is now on more than 100 million devices, according to the team’s vice president of engineering, Scott Huffman. “We are really starting to crack the hard computer challenge of conversationality,” Huffman said. “Soon, with Google Lens, your assistant will be able to have a conversation about what you see.” Google used the conference to announce a software kit that will let developers build Assistant capabilities into robots, applications, and other computerised creations. Google also announced enhancements to its Home personal assistant, adding abilities such as hands free telephone calls and acting as speakers for wireless audio. Android gets lean Developers cheered when talk turned to Google-backed mobile operating system Android. Google announced that more than two billion devices powered by Android software are used monthly in a freshly passed milestone. The coming version of Android, referred to simply as “O” for the time being, will also have boosted artificial intelligence features along with enhanced security, executives showed. Google is also crafting a lighter version of Android, referred to as “Go,” designed for maximum performance on low-cost, entry-level smartphones in developing countries where internet bandwidth is lean or expensive. Google said that while it is happy with the momentum of its Daydream virtual reality platform based on using smartphone as screens in headsets, it is working with partners on stand-alone virtual reality gear. Partners in the endeavour include Vive-maker HTC and Lenovo, according to Google virtual reality team vice president Clay Bavor. The gathering, which attracted some 7,000 developers on site and had thousands more watching online, focused on software with little mention of hardware, noted analyst Blau. “There is a continuing trend where devices are becoming devalued and what is on the screen is becoming more valuable,” Blau said. “With AI, all the apps are getting upgraded so they don’t need new hardware.” — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Wiko Harry smartphone enters Malaysia Is Apple going to ditch the iPad mini? In battle of digital assistants, Google heads to Apple turf Another large-scale cyberattack underway, warn experts Facebook adds Snapchat-like camera filters to Instagram Retro Nokia 3310, BlackBerry KEYone phones make a comeback (VIDEO) Oppo R9s in list of top five best-selling smartphones of Q1 2017 WannaCry: Simple steps to stay safe from ransomware Don’t click: What is the ‘ransomware’ WannaCry worm? Well-worn technology path goes from creepy to acceptance Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Oscars chief Boone Isaacs steps down from governors board Reuters Video: Copenhagen sex workers' ambulance service Volvo’s autonomous garbage truck is here Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Volvo to partner with Google on connected cars San Bernardino families sue Facebook, Google, Twitter Google Docs phishing scam doused after catching fire Google says will fight Australian tax office’s demand to pay more Amazon’s Alexa upgraded as ‘style assistant’ Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Gadgets  »  Virtual/Augmented reality  »  News Google's building its own smartphone-free Daydream VR headsets by Guy Cocker  |  Thursday 18 May 2017  | Comment Now The HTC and Lenovo-made portable standalone devices will arrive later this year. VR's great, but it always needs either a really expensive PC or games console, or your own smartphone. You know, the one with the iffy battery life and the cracked screen. Well not any more. Google's decided it's removing the phone part of the equation entirely, announcing at Google I/O 2017 overnight that it's building bespoke headsets that incorporate all its VR tech into one portable device. It'll be working with HTC and Lenovo to create the headsets, which will work without the need for any cables, PCs or peripherals. Neither headset has been named, but HTC's model appears to incorporate both its own "Vive" trademark, as well as the Google "Daydream" name. The headsets, which will launch before the end of the year, are based on Google’s Daydream reference specifications, which were worked out with mobile chipset manufacturer Qualcomm. Key to the design is what Google calls “World Sense”, which means the headsets can monitor the environment and accurately track your position without the need for extra sensors. Neither headset has been shown, although HTC has released a tease of its model, pictured above. HTC in particular has been a pioneer in VR, having released the PC-based Vive platform, but this is its first foray into mobile VR. Details are scarce at this stage in terms of pricing, exact release date, or worldwide availability, but we’ll bring you more information from Google’s I/O event as we get it. Google's also announced that the Daydream VR platform will be arriving on more handsets; it'll be coming to LG’s next flagship phone, as well as the already-released Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus via a software update this summer. This article originally appeared at Stuff.tv Related Articles Liveblog: Microsoft E3 Event - Halo 4, Smartglass, South Park and no new Xbox Liveblog: EA's 'The Download' - Sim City, pro-sports and Warfighter New screens from Dishonored - cloak, dagger and magic! Wargaming.net announces unified gaming service, and World of Battleships trailer Meeting the real Warfighters: A Medal of Honor day out Source: Copyright © Stuff.tv See more about:  google  |  virtual reality  |  vive daydream   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   More in Virtual/Augmented reality (1 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Farpoint is supremely immersive VR << Prev Next >> View all Virtual/Augmented reality articles >> More in Virtual/Augmented reality (2 of 10 articles) NEWS Half-life 2: VR coming to Vive and Oculus Rift thanks to mod << Prev Next >> View all Virtual/Augmented reality articles >> More in Virtual/Augmented reality (3 of 10 articles) NEWS Enjoy glasses-free gaming with these prescription VR headset lenses << Prev Next >> View all Virtual/Augmented reality articles >> More in Virtual/Augmented reality (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Firm testing X-ray surgery using Microsoft HoloLens << Prev Next >> View all Virtual/Augmented reality articles >> More in Virtual/Augmented reality (5 of 10 articles) NEWS Valve makes it easier to watch 360-degree videos on the Vive << Prev Next >> View all Virtual/Augmented reality articles >> More in Virtual/Augmented reality (6 of 10 articles) FEATURE Hands-on Preview: OSVR << Prev Next >> View all Virtual/Augmented reality articles >> More in Virtual/Augmented reality (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Facebook closes Oculus' Story Studio << Prev Next >> View all Virtual/Augmented reality articles >> More in Virtual/Augmented reality (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Insta360 Pro is an 8K camera that won't bodge your panorama << Prev Next >> View all Virtual/Augmented reality articles >> More in Virtual/Augmented reality (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Here's the pick of products from Acer's New York showcase event << Prev Next >> View all Virtual/Augmented reality articles >> More in Virtual/Augmented reality (10 of 10 articles) FEATURE Razer - Seriously cool gaming gear << Prev Next >> View all Virtual/Augmented reality articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest Competitions   WIN!!! A D-Link Omna security cam! Watch your home from anywhere!   Latest in Virtual/Augmented reality News Google's building its own smartphone-free Daydream VR headsets Review Review: Farpoint is supremely immersive VR Feature Hands-on Preview: OSVR From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero Ransomware defence guide How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? 6 cloud accounting systems for Australian small businesses compared: MYOB, QuickBooks, Reckon, Saasu, Sage and Xero Ransomware survival guide Dell Technologies sets aside $554 million for terminations Australian Veeam partners, customers spotted in New Orleans Amaysim and Ovo Mobile debut 70GB data-only mobile plans Master agents split from Fuji Xerox Australia after decades Escient celebrates the opening of its second office Telstra admits thousands of NBN users were shafted on speeds WannaCrypt ransomware: what you need to know Immigration reveals massive ten-year IT shake-up Microsoft releases WannaCrypt patch for Windows XP, Server 2003 Twelve Australian businesses hit by WannaCrypt 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege Prey is an addictive modern-day masterpiece 18 pro tips from the Rainbow Six Siege world cup Hunter and the hunted: Prey launch images About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 150.25 -5.22 Google announces Assistant for iPhone at Google I/O Jordan Kahn - May. 17th 2017 10:32 am PT @JordanKahn Apple View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Update: The Google Assistant for iPhone is now available on the US App Store. As previously rumored, Google today announced during its I/O developer conference that its Assistant platform is coming to iOS. The virtual assistant will arrive soon as a standalone app for iPhone, initially for users in the US. Previously the Siri competitor was only available through its Allo messaging app and for Android and Google Home devices. The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac Meet your Google Assistant. Ask it questions. Tell it to do things. It’s your own personal Google, always ready to help… Whether you need a reminder to pick up milk, help finding your travel photos or need to make a dinner reservation, your Assistant is ready to help. To get started, press the mic icon or start typing. Some things your Assistant can help with: Make quick phone calls (e.g. “Call Mom.”) Send text messages (e.g. “Text my bestie.”) Send emails (e.g. “Email your boss the latest TPS report.”) Set reminders (e.g. “Remind me to buy a birthday gift for Sarah.”) Set calendar events (e.g. “Set a calendar event for dinner with Charlie tomorrow from 7-9.”) Play music (e.g. “Play Jazz music on Youtube.”) Navigate to places (e.g. “Get me directions home.”) Ask it anything (e.g. “Will I need an umbrella today?”) Google also announced some other improvements for Assistant today including the ability to type with assistant on phones. The company noted that many people don’t want to speak to their virtual assistants in public spaces, for example, and so the typing feature will allow them to interact with the platform without having to use voice commands. In addition, Google announced that Google Lens will have Assistant integration, allowing users to take a photo at real world items to get information via Assistant. Check out our roundup of everything Google announced at I/O today for more. Jordan Kahn @JordanKahn Jordan writes about all things Apple as Senior Editor of 9to5Mac, & contributes to 9to5Google, 9to5Toys, & Electrek.co. He also co-authors 9to5Mac’s weekly Logic Pros series and makes music as one half of Toronto-based Makamachine. Favorite Gear LG 34-inch Widscreen Monitor This gorgeous desk clock is made with vintage Soviet Union Nixie tubes PhotoFast MFi drive w/ Lightning, USB-C, USB-A, micro-USB blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Handhelds  »  Misc Handhelds  »  News Google Assistant launches for iPhone Thursday 18 May 2017  | Comment Now At Google I/O 2017, Scott Huffman announced that the company is taking the fight straight to Siri If you're an iPhone user that's fallen out with Siri, the good news is that you're now free to have an affair with Google Assistant without having to ditch iOS completely. Starting today, Google Assistant is now available to download on iPhone. Starting today, we're bringing the #GoogleAssistant to iPhones. Whether at home or on the go, your Assistant is here to help. #io17 pic.twitter.com/a6T20HwnU9 — Google (@Google) May 17, 2017 The move was announced by Google's Scott Huffman, who also revealed that Google's AI is learning a whole bunch of new languages. French, German, Brazilian, Portuguese, Japanese are coming very soon, with Italian, Spanish, and Korean to follow by the end of the year. One more trick up Google Assistant's virtual sleeve: transactions. You can now order stuff purely through the power of your voice, with contextual questions and answers. Neat, but creepy. But mostly neat. Here's how that looked in practice: This article originally appeared at alphr.com Related Articles Google's building its own smartphone-free Daydream VR headsets Android O will enable more regular patching Google Pixel: 5 things we love and 3 we don’t about Google's new ... De-Monetisation: Or, how YouTube is catching up with commercial realities Raspberry Pi users can get free AI with this Google giveaway Source: Copyright © Alphr, Dennis Publishing See more about:  google  |  google assistant  |  scott huffman   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   More in Misc Handhelds (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Google Assistant launches for iPhone << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (2 of 10 articles) NEWS Android O will enable more regular patching << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (3 of 10 articles) NEWS Netflix blocks rooted Android phones from getting its app << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Poqit wallet stores your cash, charges your phone << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (5 of 10 articles) NEWS Android flaw used by 74% of ransomware to be fixed in August << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Qualcomm's new chipsets add AI to mid-range smartphones << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Two million Android devices 'hit by Google Play malware' << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Find my phone tracks over 130 handsets to one man << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Payday for BlackBerry as Qualcomm loses patent case << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (10 of 10 articles) NEWS This man built his own iPhone 6S from spare parts << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest Competitions   WIN!!! A D-Link Omna security cam! Watch your home from anywhere!   Latest in Misc Handhelds News 4 big announcements from Google I/O 2017 Review Review: Android Wear 2.0 Feature Play retro games on your Android device with these excellent emulators Gallery A Tale of Two Styluses From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero Ransomware defence guide How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? 6 cloud accounting systems for Australian small businesses compared: MYOB, QuickBooks, Reckon, Saasu, Sage and Xero Ransomware survival guide Dell Technologies sets aside $554 million for terminations Australian Veeam partners, customers spotted in New Orleans Amaysim and Ovo Mobile debut 70GB data-only mobile plans Master agents split from Fuji Xerox Australia after decades Escient celebrates the opening of its second office Telstra admits thousands of NBN users were shafted on speeds WannaCrypt ransomware: what you need to know Immigration reveals massive ten-year IT shake-up Microsoft releases WannaCrypt patch for Windows XP, Server 2003 Twelve Australian businesses hit by WannaCrypt 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege Prey is an addictive modern-day masterpiece 18 pro tips from the Rainbow Six Siege world cup Hunter and the hunted: Prey launch images About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 150.25 -5.22 Gmail for iOS adds Inbox-style ‘Smart Reply’ feature with quick reply suggestions Jordan Kahn - May. 17th 2017 10:13 am PT @JordanKahn Google Gmail View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google is today releasing an update for its Gmail mobile apps, iOS included, that introduces a new Smart Reply feature that offers suggested quick reply buttons within emails. The feature is something Google is bringing over from its Inbox by Gmail and Allo apps where similar functionality was already available. Google says that the feature accounts for around 12% of replies sent in Inbox, for instance. The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac Smart Replies work by presenting three canned replies as buttons at the bottom of each email (as pictured above). You’ll be able to edit the Smart Reply before sending if you wish and Google notes that the feature uses machine learning so it will intelligently get better over time by customizing response suggestions to your specific usage. Google is rolling out Smart Reply to the latest versions of Gmail for both Android and iOS starting today. It will first be available in English and will become available in Spanish over the coming weeks and in more languages in the near future. Earlier this month Google Allo received support for additional languages for its Smart Reply feature with support for French, so it’s likely it won’t be long before Gmail follows suit. Google is officially kicking off its Google I/O developer conference today with its open keynote address where, in addition to today’s Gmail update, it’s showing off a number of other new product updates. Catch the live stream and replay here. Jordan Kahn @JordanKahn Jordan writes about all things Apple as Senior Editor of 9to5Mac, & contributes to 9to5Google, 9to5Toys, & Electrek.co. He also co-authors 9to5Mac’s weekly Logic Pros series and makes music as one half of Toronto-based Makamachine. Favorite Gear LG 34-inch Widscreen Monitor This gorgeous desk clock is made with vintage Soviet Union Nixie tubes PhotoFast MFi drive w/ Lightning, USB-C, USB-A, micro-USB Guides Google View THe Guide Gmail View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... The Google Home app now features customizable user-defined shortcuts for Assistant Jordan Palmer Follow View All Posts 2017/05/17 2:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 7 Plus 1 on G+ 55 Share on Facebook 33 Share on Twitter Total Shares95 Applications Google News One of the draws of having a personal assistant is being able to control various things through it. Alexa is popular partially for this reason and Google Home/Assistant has been slowly catching up since its launch. Just a few weeks ago, our very own Cody noticed that Google was implementing direct support for IFTTT in the Google app for user-defined actions. Well, this has finally appeared in the Home app in a "Shortcuts" menu in the Assistant section. These customizable user-defined shortcuts are very basic and anyone familiar with IFTTT will feel right at home (heh). The trigger is the "Ok Google, [blank]" phrase that you define, which activates a service like opening Google Play Music or sending a specific text to a certain contact. The best part? Not having to use the IFTTT website to manage your applets.   If you haven't taken up Tasker/AutoVoice/Assistant yet, this is a good way to get started. I am not sure if this is a server-side switch or an app update (I only noticed it this afternoon), but it's super cool nonetheless. Thanks: Travis Cook,  Jeremy Couch Tags Google home ifttt io17 io2017 shortcuts subscribe ... Previous Story Android O feature spotlight: Quick settings are now grayscale, get some other small tweaks ... Next Story Google launches new vitals tools in the Play Console Dashboard to find and solve problems Trending 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments codemonkey85 Wait, Google is using IFTTT as its backend to do custom shortcuts? Interesting! But no IFTTT account required I guess, because I created a Todoist shortcut and didn't see any applets added to my IFTTT account on the web. Plus, invoking the shortcut just opens up the Todoist chat interface within the Assistant app, where it takes me through the normal workflow. Jordan Palmer Same. bozzykid Are we sure it is actually using IFTTT? Perhaps they just used ifttt in the UI elements since it is copying their features. XerBlade Considering all this is really doing is remapping Assistant commands to custom phrases (so it can't be used to do anything Assistant can't already do natively, plus you can't give it any variable phrases), I'm pretty sure this has absolutely nothing to do with IFTTT. Seriously, this does one thing and one thing only. You say one custom phrase, and it remaps it to a different phrase and acts as if you said that. tu3218 I just tried this and I don't get it. I selected the voice triggers but I don't see anywhere to actually select the service and the devices that I want to activate based on my command. What am I missing? Alex S it's literally just sending the command directly to assistant, just like if you said it outloud. It's just a way to shorten the command. tu3218 Hmm okay. I tried one and it worked. I see there's an option to turn up the TV. But it said I hadn't linked my Harmony account yet. I went to add devices but don't see Harmony. Seems like we're making progress. bozzykid Harmony is already available at least in the US. tu3218 Nothing here on my end. I am in the US. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/7ac7833390bcfeeef1844da6dbc20fc821f9a520d1b90b7b52c870faa3fcf10d.jpg bozzykid You are looking in the wrong place. Its under Assistant Apps. It has been available for months. Alex S A few things: A) It's SUPER specific and only recognizes the EXACT phrase you say. For example if you put "Good night" but assistant picks it up as "goodnight" it won't work. B) You can map multiple key phrases to one action but you cannot match multiple actions to one (or more) key phrases. Not sure why? This actually kind of sucks, because there's really no point to using shortcuts if you can't have multiple actions in one key phrase. Otherwise, why not just ask Google Assistant what you want directly? C) Is the menu broken for anyone else? If I switch to a different app then switch back to the Google Home at it duplicates the examples so the list gets twice as long, then three times, etc. Weird! bozzykid It also only recognizes commands formatted properly. If I have "Ask harmony..." it fails but if I input it as "Ask Harmony..." it works fine. Alex S yea that doesn't bug me as much as some of the other stuff like not being able to do two commands at once. don't really see what the point of this is right now? it's cool you can make commands shorter, though. bozzykid It is great for Harmony because saying "Hey Google, Ask Harmony to turn up the volume" is a bit ridiculous. At least I might actually use my Home for Harmony commands now. Midnitte "The trigger is the "Ok Google, [blank]" phrase that you define, which activates a service like opening Google Play Music or sending a specific text to a certain contact. The best part? Not having to use the IFTTT website to manage your applets." When are they going to add the reverse? I want to be able to trigger the command "Hey Google, catch me up" remotely from something like dismissing my alarm. :/ Any other solution is either too convoluted, clunky, or unreliable. Austin Spangrud Biggest issue that I have is the response back from Google assistant. I have my garage door setup so when I state open garage door, assistant responds with ok opening garage door. But since my garage door is set up as a switch it says turning off garage door. I just want a custom response back. Dammit Google!! Ifttt will let me do it! Michael Rodgers I'm a bit confused. These settings are in Assistant, but they're only to be used in Google Home? iantrich No, any instance of Google Assistant. Google Home just happens to be the app that has such settings Chronocento Does this work with third party actions? Like, can you bind "OK Google, ask AutoVoice [something]" to "Ok Google, do [something]"? iantrich Yes. One of their examples is for the Harmony 3rd party action Follow Android Police 1.49M 469k 144k 115k Latest Deals 1 [Deal Alert] Celebrate the start of Google I/O with 9 temporarily free and 10 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/17 9:09am PDTMay 17, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $50 off the new HTC U11 with promo code 2017/05/17 3:40am PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 10 [Deal Alert] Get 20% off electronics on eBay with promo code 2017/05/16 4:18pm PDTMay 16, 2017 1 [Deal Alert] 23k gold-plated LG Watch Urbane Luxe is just $150 at B&H ($150+ off) 2017/05/15 9:01pm PDTMay 15, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 69 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 274 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 92 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 311 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 18 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 24 7 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/2/17 - 5/8/17) 2017/05/08 12:30pm PDTMay 8, 2017 9 21 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/26/17 - 5/2/17) 2017/05/02 5:43pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 YouTube mobile streaming is open to all, no longer has a subscriber requirement 2017/05/17 5:46pm PDTMay 17, 2017 9 [Hands-on] Futurama Worlds of Tomorrow, a clone of a clone 2017/05/17 4:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 25 Any developer can now make Instant Apps for Android 2017/05/17 2:37pm PDTMay 17, 2017 20 The Google Home app now features customizable user-defined shortcuts for Assistant 2017/05/17 2:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 0 Google's education app Expeditions is getting a new AR mode 2017/05/17 1:17pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Blast from the Past 28 1 Year Ago Today Google Cast v1.15 Reveals A New Firmware Preview Program And Some Possible New Hardware Categories [APK Teardown] 2016/05/17 3:42pm PDTMay 17, 2016 70 2 Years Ago Today Popular Xposed Framework Module GravityBox Updated To Work With Android 5.1 2015/05/17 12:59pm PDTMay 17, 2015 26 3 Years Ago Today gReader Hits Version 3.7, Brings New Themes, Custom Notifications, And More 2014/05/17 6:50pm PDTMay 17, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today Facebook Pages Manager App Updated To 1.4 With Photo Albums, Drafts, And The Mighty Banhammer 2013/05/17 7:21pm PDTMay 17, 2013 255 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Verizon Clarifies] Verizon Will End Unlimited Data Grandfathering If You Buy A 4G Phone From This Summer Onward 2012/05/17 2:58pm PDTMay 17, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Vodafail: The Story Of The Stolen Xperia Play Shipment In New Zealand Is Fake, Just A [Tasteless] Marketing Ploy 2011/05/17 9:19pm PDTMay 17, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today Exclusive: Could These Features Be Coming To The Next-Next Generation Of Android Market? [Leaked Rumors] 2010/05/17 8:06pm PDTMay 17, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 104 [Update: Visa confirms, kinda] Android Pay launches seem imminent for Canada and Russia 2017/05/17 9:27am PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Amazon announces new $50 Fire 7 and $80 Fire HD 8 tablets, with kids models for both 2017/05/17 7:48am PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 7 Days 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 475 Netflix confirms it is blocking rooted/unlocked devices, app itself is still working (for now) 2017/05/13 3:08pm PDTMay 13, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 30 Days 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 119 queries | 0.618s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Play Protect brings Google's app scanning to the foreground in the Play Store Paul Quinn Follow View All Posts 2017/05/17 12:20pm PDTMay 17, 2017 14 Plus 1 on G+ 109 Share on Facebook 44 Share on Twitter Total Shares167 Applications News Videos Earlier this month, we covered the inclusion of "Play Protect" in a teardown of the latest Google Play Store APK. Today, Google formally announced this feature as part of their efforts to double-down on security.  Boasting the fact that their machine learning algorithms scan over 50 billion apps each day, Google emphasized the importance of security on the Android platform. Before appearing in the Google Play store, every app undergoes Google's security screening process which includes identifying malware and ensuring that apps conform to Google's policies. Play Protect continues that process by scanning billions of apps daily to make sure they remain safe and in compliance. Play Protect's appearance in the Google Play app is Google's way of bringing their existing screening process to the foreground of your experience. Using the new Play Store, you will see when your apps were last scanned. Google says it works around the clock, constantly updating to keep up with the latest threats. Play Protect goes hand in hand with the safe browsing feature in Chrome and today's announcement of Find My Device. Google clearly wants its users to feel safe in knowing that it has an automatic process in place not only in the background but on your device as well. For all the details, follow the source link below. Source: Google Tags play store protect security video subscribe ... Previous Story Suggested Sharing, Photo Books, and Shared Libraries in Google Photos utilize machine learning ... ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Notification Dots put notifications on your icons Trending 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments saf1927 I hope this reduces the spotlight from shitty antivirus apps, which are often borderline malwares themselves (*ahem* Cheetah Mobile) Robert_AU True. Hopefully this will not become one. It will be interesting to see what this decides to automatically remove. Will rooting apps, firewalls, backup apps, other security apps and handy utilities be considered dangerous by Google? They already have a problem with those of us that want control of our devices to be security risks when it is not our security that they are wanting to protect... TechGuy22 so what is the point of these shitty anti virus apps then? google should just ban them Ian Bell Russo This stops them from being installed as it scans them as they are compiled so even if google is unaware of the malware's presence it wont spread. Teja They come into picture when you are start installing apps via apks and unknown sources. If you only install apps from play store then you don't need antivirus apps. SAM This is just putting things that are already there in front and center. Nothing new to see here. For me is another waste of space. I already know this things are happening on background. No need to have it on UI AuroraFlux Wow, we're so sorry, your majesty. Hopefully we can all get over the shame and disappointment Sam feels by being shown something "he already knows all about". :( :( :( SAM Thank you Makay Chapulets Lol.... Both of you yoloswag Not everyone reads Android blogs and is informed on these things. SAM Yeah, but no way to turn it off for people who know that. I just wish it would be absent for me bekifft This does just kind of seem like window dressing. Not sure what the point of this is other than PR. Paul Quinn Bingo. Although it looks like you get a little rescan button to satisfy any compulsive need to play an (unnecessary) active role in the process. Rod Good, lay people won't feel the urge to download anti-virus apps then. Follow Android Police 1.49M 469k 144k 115k Latest Deals 1 [Deal Alert] Celebrate the start of Google I/O with 9 temporarily free and 10 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/17 9:09am PDTMay 17, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $50 off the new HTC U11 with promo code 2017/05/17 3:40am PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 10 [Deal Alert] Get 20% off electronics on eBay with promo code 2017/05/16 4:18pm PDTMay 16, 2017 1 [Deal Alert] 23k gold-plated LG Watch Urbane Luxe is just $150 at B&H ($150+ off) 2017/05/15 9:01pm PDTMay 15, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 69 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 274 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 92 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 311 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 18 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 24 7 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/2/17 - 5/8/17) 2017/05/08 12:30pm PDTMay 8, 2017 9 21 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/26/17 - 5/2/17) 2017/05/02 5:43pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 YouTube mobile streaming is open to all, no longer has a subscriber requirement 2017/05/17 5:46pm PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Hands-on] Futurama Worlds of Tomorrow, a clone of a clone 2017/05/17 4:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 25 Any developer can now make Instant Apps for Android 2017/05/17 2:37pm PDTMay 17, 2017 20 The Google Home app now features customizable user-defined shortcuts for Assistant 2017/05/17 2:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 0 Google's education app Expeditions is getting a new AR mode 2017/05/17 1:17pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Blast from the Past 28 1 Year Ago Today Google Cast v1.15 Reveals A New Firmware Preview Program And Some Possible New Hardware Categories [APK Teardown] 2016/05/17 3:42pm PDTMay 17, 2016 70 2 Years Ago Today Popular Xposed Framework Module GravityBox Updated To Work With Android 5.1 2015/05/17 12:59pm PDTMay 17, 2015 26 3 Years Ago Today gReader Hits Version 3.7, Brings New Themes, Custom Notifications, And More 2014/05/17 6:50pm PDTMay 17, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today Facebook Pages Manager App Updated To 1.4 With Photo Albums, Drafts, And The Mighty Banhammer 2013/05/17 7:21pm PDTMay 17, 2013 255 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Verizon Clarifies] Verizon Will End Unlimited Data Grandfathering If You Buy A 4G Phone From This Summer Onward 2012/05/17 2:58pm PDTMay 17, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Vodafail: The Story Of The Stolen Xperia Play Shipment In New Zealand Is Fake, Just A [Tasteless] Marketing Ploy 2011/05/17 9:19pm PDTMay 17, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today Exclusive: Could These Features Be Coming To The Next-Next Generation Of Android Market? [Leaked Rumors] 2010/05/17 8:06pm PDTMay 17, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 104 [Update: Visa confirms, kinda] Android Pay launches seem imminent for Canada and Russia 2017/05/17 9:27am PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Amazon announces new $50 Fire 7 and $80 Fire HD 8 tablets, with kids models for both 2017/05/17 7:48am PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 7 Days 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 475 Netflix confirms it is blocking rooted/unlocked devices, app itself is still working (for now) 2017/05/13 3:08pm PDTMay 13, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 30 Days 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 111 queries | 0.299s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 150.25 -5.22 Google I/O ’17 roundup: Assistant for iPhone, Google Home expansion, Photos, new Gmail for iOS features & more Jordan Kahn - May. 17th 2017 10:56 am PT @JordanKahn Apple View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google is kicking off its annual Google I/O developer conference today with the event’s opening keynote presentation and during had several announcements for not just Android but also iOS and Mac users. The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac Among the announcements so far today, Google Assistant is expanding to more languages, in addition to coming to iOS with a standalone iPhone app. Google Home is coming to new countries and languages and also getting a bunch of new features ahead of an expected unveiling for Apple’s Siri Speaker competitor. The Gmail mobile apps are getting a new “Smart Reply” feature with quick reply suggestion buttons not unlike the Inbox app. Google Photos is getting new features including machine learning intelligence. And Google is releasing a new VR app for developers today called ‘Daydream Elements’. The company also announced some updated numbers for its services today, including confirming it now has 2 billion Android active devices, 800 million+ Drive users, and 500 million+ Photos users. Head below for the roundup of news from our coverage over at 9to5Google (and check back for more as the event and the rest of Google I/O ’17 continues): Google working on standalone VR headsets w/ HTC & Lenovo, features ‘WorldSense’ tracking Google Photos adds suggested sharing, shared libraries, photo books Gmail mobile apps get Inbox/Allo-style ‘Smart Reply’ feature with quick reply suggestions Google Home adding hands-free calling, proactive assistance, Bluetooth streaming ‘Daydream Elements’ goes live on the Play Store in lead up to I/O keynote Numbers from I/O 2017: 2 billion Android devices, 800 million+ Drive users, 500 million+ Photos users, etc Google Assistant adds more new languages as Home goes up for sale in new countries Google Lens adds visual AI intelligence and actions to Android, Assistant, more Keyboard input is finally here for Google Assistant ‘Daydream Elements’ goes live on the Play Store in lead up to I/O keynote Android O enters Beta Program with Developer Preview 2 Google launches Google.ai site, announces powerful new Google Cloud TPUs Google announces Android Go optimized for entry-level hardware LG announces Google Home/Assistant support for its connected appliances Google bringing new UI to Android TV, 360-degree videos, Assistant integration coming later this year Google is adding automatic obstruction removal to the Pixel’s camera Jordan Kahn @JordanKahn Jordan writes about all things Apple as Senior Editor of 9to5Mac, & contributes to 9to5Google, 9to5Toys, & Electrek.co. He also co-authors 9to5Mac’s weekly Logic Pros series and makes music as one half of Toronto-based Makamachine. Favorite Gear LG 34-inch Widscreen Monitor This gorgeous desk clock is made with vintage Soviet Union Nixie tubes PhotoFast MFi drive w/ Lightning, USB-C, USB-A, micro-USB blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 7 New Windows 10 Features You May Have Missed Windows 7 New Windows 10 Features You May Have Missed Dan Price 10 More Windows 10 Features You Can Turn Off Windows 10 More Windows 10 Features You Can Turn Off Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: 8 Best Mobile Video Players for Android Android 8 Best Mobile Video Players for Android Dan Price May 17, 2017 17-05-2017 5 minutes 8 Best Mobile Video Players for Android Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email As the world continues to move towards a video-led media environment, it’s more important than ever to have a fast and reliable video player on your Android phone. How else are you supposed to watch that video of your dog chasing its tail? Some apps — like WhatsApp and Twitter — have built-in video players, but they’re nowhere near as good as using a dedicated app. Of course, some smartphone manufacturers also offer video players, but they’re more akin to bloatware; you should give them a wide berth. And what about Google Photos? Yes, it has the ability to play (and even edit How to Get the Most Out of Google Photos Movie Editor How to Get the Most Out of Google Photos Movie Editor The Google Photos app has an excellent movie editor built in. It's available absolutely free to iOS and Android users and offers some great features. Read More ) videos, but there are still better third-party tools available. So, what are the best video players for Android What Is The Best Video Player For Android? What Is The Best Video Player For Android? Read More ? Keep reading to find out. 1. MX Player It should come as no surprise to find MX Player at the top of this list. Frankly, I could just stop writing now. MX Player is way ahead of the competition — you don’t need to install anything else on your phone. But what makes it so good? It supports a wide-range of swipe gestures (including pinch-to-zoom, fast-forward, rewind, and volume), it has multi-core decoding (meaning the app runs up to 70 percent faster than other video players), and it can play almost any file format you throw at it. Oh, and did I mention it can also play subtitle files? The free version is ad-supported. You’ll need to spend $6 on the Pro version if you want an ad-free experience. Download: MX Player (Free) 2. Wondershare Player Although MX Player is amazing, it’s always nice to have options — so let’s check out some alternatives. First up, Wondershare Player. It’s powerful in its own right; it includes most codecs, plays the majority of audio files, can support subtitles, and offers a way to transfer files from your desktop to your phone over your local Wi-Fi network. However, it stands apart from the competition thanks to its video discovery tool. It shows you trending content from around the web How To Find Videos On Twitter That Everyone Is Talking About How To Find Videos On Twitter That Everyone Is Talking About Read More and lets you play content from YouTube, Vevo, TED, ESPN, and Hulu without leaving the app. Download: Wondershare Player (Free) 3. KMPlayer KMPlayer offers all the features you’d expect. There are playback speed controls, subtitle support, and various views to help you find the content you want to watch. It has two key features that earn it a place on this list: windowed mode and Google Drive playback. Windowed mode means you can watch your videos in a floating app that hovers above whatever else you’re working on. Phone users might not find it too useful, but if you’ve got a large tablet, it means you can stay productive while still enjoying yourself. Google Drive support lets you use the player to watch content directly from the cloud without needing to download it onto your phone. It’s a great feature if you want to store a lot of movies to watch while you’re traveling. Download: KMPlayer (Free) 4. VitalPlayer VitalPlayer isn’t as polished as some of the other options on this list, but once again, it has a unique feature that warrants its inclusion. That’s its built-in gamma and brightness correction tools. They might not sound important, but if you’ve ever tried to watch a video or movie that’s too dark, you’ll appreciate them. The tools are especially helpful if you’re trying to watch a movie on your tablet outside on a sunny day. Download: VitalPlayer (Free) 5. BSPlayer BSPlayer is one of the oldest video apps in the Play Store; it’s stood the test of time and is still going strong. Like MX Player, it offers multi-core hardware decoding and hardware-accelerated playback, as well as the usual array of touch controls and supported video formats. If you enjoy casting content from your Android device How to Cast Your Android Screen to Windows 10 With Miracast and Connect How to Cast Your Android Screen to Windows 10 With Miracast and Connect In Windows 10 version 1607, you can wirelessly cast your Android screen to your desktop using the Connect app. We show you how to set up this magical screen mirror. Read More to other screens in your home, this is the app for you. It can play to any DNLA receiver and includes Google Chromecast support. There is a free and pro version. The free version is ad-supported; the ad-free pro version will set you back $5. Download: BSPlayer (Free) 6. Kodi Many of you will be familiar with Kodi. It’s the premier home theater app for all platforms. The app is available on the Google Play Store (unlike on iOS, which requires a workaround to install How to Install Kodi for iOS Without Jailbreaking Your iPad or iPhone How to Install Kodi for iOS Without Jailbreaking Your iPad or iPhone Kodi is one of the best ways to access live TV, and you don't need to jailbreak your device to enjoy free streaming content on your iPhone or iPad. Read More ). Of course, it can do a lot more 5 Reasons to Install Kodi on Your Android Right Now 5 Reasons to Install Kodi on Your Android Right Now Kodi, formerly known as XBMC, is a fantastic media app for Android, and you're missing out if you haven't downloaded it yet. Read More than merely play videos, but if you’re looking for a professional interface with an easy-to-navigate library, you’ll struggle to find better. It looks stunning on larger tablet screens, though you might find it a little too fiddly if you play content on your phone. Be aware that if you rely on certain unique codecs, Kodi can handle them, but your device might not be powerful enough to render them correctly. The app is entirely free and is not ad-supported. Download: Kodi (Free) 7. MoboPlayer MoboPlayer is another long-term favorite among Android users. It can play almost every video format thanks to its codecs and offers subtitle support, playlist support, and continuous playback support. You can even stream video from the web; it can play media from both HTTP and RTSP protocols. Download: MoboPlayer (Free) 8. Video Player HD My final suggestion is Video Player HD. It’s another app that’s deployed excellent touch-screen controls. You can change the brightness, adjust the volume, and scroll back and forth through the video you’re watching. Additionally, it introduces some features you will struggle to find replicated on other players. There’s a night mode for if you want to watch movies in bed, and most impressively, a 10-band equalizer for your device’s sound. The equalizer is robust enough to rival any dedicated equalizer apps The Best 4 Android Equalizer Apps for Great Audio The Best 4 Android Equalizer Apps for Great Audio Whether you're listening to songs or podcasts on your Android device, you need one of these awesome equalizer apps. Read More . Lastly, you can offset subtitles and audio in case the syncing is misaligned, and there’s a sleep timer so you won’t drain your battery if you fall asleep mid-movie. Download: Video Player HD (Free) Which Video Player Do You Use? I’ve introduced you to eight high-quality video players you can find in the Play Store. However, video players are one of the most popular app categories — there are literally thousands to choose from. I know there’s a good chance I’ve overlooked your favorite, so now it’s your turn to tell me. Which is your favorite video player? What cool features does it offer? Why does it deserve a place on this list? You can leave all your suggestions and recommendations in the comments section below. This article was originally written by Angela Randall on March 15th, 2011. Previous PostNintendo Is Making a Legend of Zelda Mobile GameNext PostHow to Hide Private Picture Folders From the Gallery 4 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * m-p{3} May 18, 2017 at 2:35 am VLC is my video player on Android, as well as on my desktop. Reply jimmy June 9, 2011 at 6:59 am Thanks for great source, i will recommend you to try MoboPlayer that is one of the best video player for Android available @ http://goo.gl/DcheJ Reply Flv Player March 17, 2011 at 10:34 am Do Real player have different skin for player? Thanks in advance............... Reply Angela Alcorn March 17, 2011 at 1:13 pm Not for the droid, sorry! Reply Dan Price 403 articles Dan is a British expat living in Mexico. He is currently the Creative Editor for MakeUseOf and was formerly the Finance Editor. Prior to his writing career he was a Financial Consultant. He holds various certifications from the University of Leeds, the University of Cambridge, and the Chartered Insurance Institute.… Advertisement Latest Giveaways The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Chuwi Hi13 Tablet Review and Giveaway Chuwi Hi13 Tablet Review and Giveaway Advertisement Trending Microsoft Is Bringing Linux Distros to Windows 10 Tech News Linux Microsoft Is Bringing Linux Distros to Windows 10 7 New Windows 10 Features You May Have Missed Windows 7 New Windows 10 Features You May Have Missed 10 More Windows 10 Features You Can Turn Off Windows 10 More Windows 10 Features You Can Turn Off Advertisement Related Articles 5 Most Profitable Places to Sell Your Videos Online Creative Internet 5 Most Profitable Places to Sell Your Videos Online How to Organize the Best Online Videos You Watch Every Day Internet How to Organize the Best Online Videos You Watch Every Day How to Choose the Right Kodi Box for Your Needs Entertainment How to Choose the Right Kodi Box for Your Needs Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
SEO NEWS PPC CONTENT SOCIAL ADVERTISE MORE SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics News Most ReadPaid Search Paid Search 101 Digital AdvertisingSEJ Summit Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing YoutubeEntrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedInToolbox Rss Twitter Facebook Follow Us LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Google Plus Pinterest ADVERTISEMENT News·SEO | 6 hours ago Google for Jobs: A Jobs Search Engine Coming Soon to the US 363 SHARES 175 READS Matt Southern SEJ STAFF SEJ STAFF Matt Southern 175 READS Google officially announced Google for Jobs, a search engine for job seekers and employers, will be coming soon to the US. There was word of Google potentially launching a search engine last month back when the domain hire.withgoogle.com was spotted. The domain directs to a service called Google Hire, but there was no mention of “Google Hire” during the company’s unveiling of “Google for Jobs”, and the Google Hire domain is still active. Whether the two are related is yet to be determined, but here’s what we do know about Google for Jobs. At Google’s I/O developer conference on Wednesday, Google CEO Sundar Pichai emphasized the need to address talent shortages by connecting job seekers with the right employers. Google’s jobs search engine is said to focus on all types of jobs, from entry-level to upper management. The company’s machine learning and AI technologies will be utilized to better understand how job titles are related to each other. That means if a job seeker types in a generic term like “marketing”, Google for Jobs could understand that job titles such as “SEO”, “PPC manager”, and “content strategist” are all related. Rather than competing with other job search services Google will be partnering with them. The company will initially partner with LinkedIn, Facebook, Careerbuilder Monster, Glassdoor, and others. Searchers will be able to filter job listings by various attributes, as well as see what the daily commute time would be like. The ability to submit an application directly from a job listing was briefly mentioned as well. Google for Jobs will be rolled out to the US in the coming weeks, with plans to add other countries eventually. ADVERTISEMENT Related Posts Google Launching a Job Search Service Called “Google Hire” Google is Not a Search Engine, According to European Union Google Assistant Coming Soon to Android TV ADVERTISEMENT Matt Southern Lead News Writer at Search Engine Journal Matt Southern has been the lead news writer at Search Engine Journal since 2013. His passion for helping people in ... [Read full bio] Advertisement Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! ThinkTank Webinar Is Your PPC Agency Wasting Your Budget? Wed. May 31st, 2PM Eastern Partner Stories 17 Killer Link Building Ideas You Need to Try This Year Search Podcast Paid Search Profitability Strategies Ebooks The Beginner’s Guide to SEO Advertisement Advertisement Home Jobs About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Twitter Facebook Linkedin Instagram Youtube Google Pinterest Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Follow Us SEO ALL SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics News ALL NEWS Most Read Paid search All Paid Search Paid Search 101 Digital Advertising Content Marketing All Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing Youtube Social media All Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Entrepreneur All Entrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management SEJ SUMMIT Advertise Toolbox
SEO NEWS PPC CONTENT SOCIAL ADVERTISE MORE SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics News Most ReadPaid Search Paid Search 101 Digital AdvertisingSEJ Summit Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing YoutubeEntrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedInToolbox Rss Twitter Facebook Follow Us LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Google Plus Pinterest ADVERTISEMENT News | 5 hours ago Google Assistant is Now Going Head to Head with Siri on iOS 202 SHARES 54 READS Matt Southern SEJ STAFF SEJ STAFF Matt Southern 54 READS Google has officially launched Google Assistant as a standalone app in the iOS app store. Not only did Google announce the app at the I/O developer conference on Wednesday, but it was immediately made available for download. You can get it right here. Earlier this week there were reports Google may be launching Assistant for iOS in the near future. Needless to say, the reports have been confirmed. Google Assistant is arguably smarter than iOS’s own virtual assistant Siri, thanks to Google’s machine learning capabilities and its fluid integration with other Google apps. Users of Google Assistant also have the flexibility of entering queries via voice search or by manually typing them, whereas Siri only recognizes voice commands. However, Siri has a major advantage over Google Assistant due to the fact it is built in to iOS. Users can just say “Hey Siri” and begin issuing commands, while the Google Assistant app would have to be manually opened every time. Siri may also be more helpful to you depending on how invested you are in Apple’s ecosystem. Now that iPhone users can really compare the two virtual assistants side-by-side it will be more apparent which one is most helpful. It will be interesting to see if the new competition will encourage Apple to bring some Siri upgrades to a future iOS update. At this time it appears Google Assistant is only available in the US app store. The company didn’t mention if or when it would be rolling out to other countries, but it did mention Australia, Canada, France, Germany and Japan would be getting support for Google Home soon. That may also be when the iOS app rolls out to further countries. ADVERTISEMENT Related Posts Google Assistant vs. Siri: Which is the Best Smartphone AI? [INFOGRAPHIC] Facebook Launches M, a Siri-Like Personal Assistant for Messenger Apple’s Siri Coming to Mac Devices, Google Not Default Provider ADVERTISEMENT Matt Southern Lead News Writer at Search Engine Journal Matt Southern has been the lead news writer at Search Engine Journal since 2013. His passion for helping people in ... [Read full bio] Advertisement Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! ThinkTank Webinar Is Your PPC Agency Wasting Your Budget? Wed. May 31st, 2PM Eastern Partner Stories 17 Killer Link Building Ideas You Need to Try This Year Search Podcast Paid Search Profitability Strategies Ebooks The Beginner’s Guide to SEO Advertisement Advertisement Home Jobs About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Twitter Facebook Linkedin Instagram Youtube Google Pinterest Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Follow Us SEO ALL SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics News ALL NEWS Most Read Paid search All Paid Search Paid Search 101 Digital Advertising Content Marketing All Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing Youtube Social media All Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Entrepreneur All Entrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management SEJ SUMMIT Advertise Toolbox
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Two Great Interviews Surface today with Apple's Angela Ahrendts and Jimmy Iovine | Main May 17, 2017 Google Assistant is now Available for iOS and Google Home will be Offering Free Phone Calls within the U.S. and Canada   You can usually learn something new watching a developer conference, whether it's from Apple, Microsoft or yes, even Google. Last week we learned about Microsoft's updates to HoloLens, their new Digital Pen input and a new Windows 10 UI coming with subtle 3D effects this fall. If the new Windows 10 UI is successful, you could bet that 3D UI's from competitors are sure to follow. Today at Google I/O 2017 there was a lot of little things of mild interest, among them Google Assistant coming to iOS as noted in our cover graphic. That announcement received a lot of applause from a pro-Android developer audience which was both strange and interesting. Today's report provides our audience with the full Google I/O conference video along with a few highlights of new features of interest in the form of screenshots from today's keynote.     Google Assistant 'Transactions' are Easier than Apple Pay   With Google Assistant you can make online 'transactions' without having to use biometrics like Apple's Touch ID. Simple, simple, simple – but I didn't quite catch the security feature to ensure that a user actually approved a purchase. But it's magic time, so everything is simple, simple, simple.They demonstrated this feature and without having to sign into anything, the purchase was made and the delivery of the meal confirmed just using voice.    Android Powers 24 Top Smartwatch Brands Worldwide   The Android OS chief told his audience that Android powers 24 of the top Smartwatches in the world. Keep in mind that Apple Watch was the #1 globally in Q1 2017 and no other "Top Brand" within the premium class brands noted in Google's slide matched or even came close to the Apple Watch. It has potential, but it's not there yet.   New Features coming to Google Home     I sure hope that the rumors about an Apple Siri based speaker device coming to life at their WWDC 2017 event, because Google Home just landed some serious punches with their new Google Home device. It may be a killer app for Google. Call anywhere in Canada or the U.S.A. for free when using Google Home.   Google announced that free music streaming from Spotify will come with Google Home with other services being made available.   Google's presenter stated that yes, you need a display with Google Home at times, but you don't need an integrated display because Google Home / Google Assistant will use any screen near you to display your content if needed. You can ask Google's Assistant to show you what's new on YouTube or any other TV service noted on their slide. You can ask Google Home to show you pictures of your recent holiday or call up maps by simply asking – and the results could show up on your iPhone, iPad, Android devices or TV.   Photo Books   Why not take a page form Apple's playbook again and introduce something revolutionary like photo books.   Android's Next Version of OS is 'O'   The next version of Android coming this summer is brand named Zero. Okay, It's really 'O' as in the letter.     Google introduced 'Picture-in-Picture' for Android 'O' which is a nice feature. You could be video conferencing, reduce the video, tap on your calendar or any app and work on it as you talk. You could be watching a YouTube video while writing a long email. You get the picture.   Cut and paste now kills text-handles (Yeah). I hate Apple's cut and paste with text handles. They're so annoying. In Android 'O' you simply tap on the screen where the first dot goes and tap again for the second dot, done. You can double tap on an address, and it copies it all. You can tap on a phone number, and all of it's copied. You could also click on one extra button and you can call up a map for the address or make a phone call instantly from your highlighted text. Nice.   Apple provides a dot above your mail to tell you how many messages are waiting or to tell you that there is an update ready. Android 'O' brings that feature to Android users calling it Notification Dots. Below is an example of a notification on my iPhone. Is it not a dot? Ha!   Google Lens   Google Lens could be a huge hit. The feature is like a precursor to Augmented Reality. A user could take a photo and with one click get information about it. You could be in Chicago taking a photo of the tallest building and in one click you'll see 'Willis Tower' labeled on your photo. Or you could be in a museum taking a photo of a favorite work and in one click it'll reveal the artist and other relevant information.   Better yet, you could take a photo of a poster of an upcoming event and in one click you could have access to Ticketmaster and details of the upcoming event. This might be something coming to iPhone 8, so on that note it was interesting to see unfold today. Google is going to work this feature into other apps in the future.   Kotlin Coming to Android   The programming language Kotlin is coming to Android 'O' and that seemed to excite their developer base. Here's one testimony about Kotlin. I guess you have to be a programmer to appreciate that feature. And lastly developers far and wide can get their hands on Android 'O' beta as noted below.   Our report ends on a somewhat funny note. Android has been the home of Malware forever. Google want's to shake off that image by introducing 'Google Play Protect.' Google's representative ranted off figures showing that they're the safest OS on the planet, but only Google believes that.   At least they have a new shiny logo to show-off and make it seem real to those contemplating the purchase of an Android device. Of course I'm compelled to say "Buyer Beware." Nice logos don't protect anything.   Google acknowledging that they had to at least make it appear that they're actually doing something to reverse their bad reputation on the malware front is a start. On another front, "Project Treble' is another attempt at getting Android smartphones updated in a timely manner. What is that now - attempt #409 and counting? Good luck.    All in all there were a few interesting features brought to the table today at Google I/O. Yet the number one war front that became obvious this month was the invasion of AI-centric home devices.   In the last few weeks Amazon, Microsoft and now Google have all made significant strides to advance their AI-based home devices. We have to hope that Apple will finally get a pawn on the chessboard in this very important game that they're close to being last to enter. I think they'll be a huge sigh of relief if Apple introduces their Siri based solution next month if not a roar of approval. Apple's WWDC can't come soon enough.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on May 17, 2017 at 07:40 PM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Two Great Interviews Surface today with Apple's Angela Ahrendts and Jimmy Iovine Two-Faced Samsung Magically Claims Global Sales of their S8 Hit 10 Million Today while Claiming 5 Million Yesterday New Court Filing Details Qualcomm Suing Apple's iPhone Suppliers for withholding Royalty Payments Apple Engineers Invented a Different Kind of Pizza Container AMD Set to Thrill Pros and Gamers alike with a new High-End CPU called 'Threadripper' with 16 Cores and 32 Threads TheStreet Launches a Free New Financial App that's Available at the App Store 'Today at Apple' is Finally Rolling out at an Apple Store Near You Apple Likely to Introduce a MacBook Pro Refresh at WWDC with a 32GB Option that Pro's have been Screaming for LG to introduce their First OLED Smartphone in H2 as they prepare to enter Apple's Supply Chain in 2019 Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: May 18, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest BusinessNow Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Budget 2017 Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport Netball The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe The Australian Plus member benefits Sign up to Newsletters Manage Your Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars DEV AMP pages from Google Search now load twice as fast Emil Protalinski@EPro May 17, 2017 6:00 PM Above: A Google AMP page. Image Credit: Screenshot At its I/O 2017 developers conference today, Google announced that its fast-loading Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) accessed from Google Search now load twice as fast. Google first unveiled the open source AMP Project in October 2015. Since then, the company has been working hard to add new features and push AMP across not just its own products, but the larger web. Google Search only launched AMP support out of developer preview in September 2016. 8 months later, and Google has already cut the time it takes to render content in half. The company explains that this is possible due to several key optimizations made to the Google AMP Cache. These include server-side rendering of AMP components and reducing bandwidth usage from images by 50 percent without affecting the perceived quality. Also helpful was using the Brotli compression algorithm, which resulted in a reduced document size by an additional 10 percent in supported browsers (even Edge uses it). Google open-sourced Brotli in September 2015 and considers it a successor to the Zopfli algorithm. Speed aside, Google also shared that new platforms and websites have joined the AMP ecosystem. There are already over 2 billion AMP pages and 900,000 domains with AMP on the web. Even within the search sphere, Google isn’t the only one supporting AMP: Bing, Baidu, Sogou, and Yahoo Japan are also all on board\. China’s largest social network Tencent Qzone and the country’s third largest, Weibo are adopting AMP pages. Tumblr says it is publishing 340 million blogs across 500,000 domains in AMP starting this week. Twitter is linking to AMP pages from their new mobile web app, and will be launching AMP support in their Android and iOS apps. eBay plans to use AMP across all its product pages and Zalando is implementing AMP for its 250,000 product pages. In short, Google has managed to keep AMP momentum going. Next week, the company will release the AMP Project roadmap for the upcoming quarter. VB Recommendations Microsoft releases new Windows 10 preview with more My People features, only broadcast game audio option I/O 2017: Everything coming to Google Assistant AR/VR Weekly: Keep your stinkin’ corporate hands off the metaverse
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Software LATEST NEWS GDP numbers likely to be revised higher: Nomura Pakistan hangs four more terrorists convicted by military courts Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Tech Hardware Software Internet ITeS Do Big Stories ET Home›Tech›Software 12:28 PM | 18 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,550-109.12 NIFTY 50 9,470-55.35 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,6256.00 USD/INR 64.340.19 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW In battle of digital assistants, Google heads to Apple turf By AFP | Updated: May 18, 2017, 10.44 AM IST Post a Comment "In an AI-first world, we are rethinking all of our products and applying machine learning to solve problems," Pichai said. Promote your Business on Economictimes.com for free and reach out to millions of potential Customers List Your Business Find Service Near You Google announced Wednesday it was bringing its digital assistant to Apple iPhones as part of its effort to win the battle with tech rivals on artificial intelligence. At its annual developers conference at an outdoor concert-venue near its main campus in Mountain View, California, Google unveiled its vision for computing centered around artificial intelligence. "We are now witnessing a new shift in computing: the move from a mobile-first to an AI-first world," Google chief executive Sundar Pichai said during an opening presentation. "It is forcing us to reimagine our products for a world that allows a more natural, seamless way of interacting with technology." Those interactions, for Google, include using artificial intelligence to let people engage computers conversationally, have software anticipate needs, and let smartphone cameras "recognize" what they see. "In an AI-first world, we are rethinking all of our products and applying machine learning to solve problems," Pichai said. Google Assistant, the center of its AI efforts, is in a fierce battle with rivals such as Amazon's Alexa, Microsoft Cortana and Apple's Siri to be the top choice for use in smartphones as well as connected homes, cars and a range of other devices. "Siri's got company, and all these other guys are pretty serious about it," said Gartner analyst Brian Blau. Artificial intelligence is being woven into Google's free Gmail service, used by more than a billion people, for features such as suggesting responses to messages. For example, opening an email containing an invitation to dinner might trigger a prompt to reply "I'm in." Google machine vision capabilities are being used to enable services such as recognizing who is in pictures and what they are doing as well as translate languages in signs viewed through smartphone cameras, demonstrations showed. Advanced "Lens" features are being added first to the Google Photo application, which is available free. Aiming a smartphone camera at a flower will prompt it to be identified; while aiming it at a complex password and hotspot name on a router will let it automatically log into the wireless connection. Google also unveiled a second-generation computer chip it designed specifically to improve cloud computing capabilities in data centers. "We want Google Cloud to be the best cloud for machine learning," Pichai said. He described the internet giant's core search service and its Google Assistant as the company's most important AI products. Google Assistant, introduced last year, is now on more than 100 million devices, according to the team's vice president of engineering, Scott Huffman. "We are really starting to crack the hard computer challenge of conversationality," Huffman said. "Soon, with Google Lens, your assistant will be able to have a conversation about what you see." Google used the conference to announce a software kit that will let developers build Assistant capabilities into robots, applications, and other computerized creations. Google also announced enhancements to its Home personal assistant, adding abilities such as hands free telephone calls and acting as speakers for wireless audio. Developers cheered when talk turned to Google-backed mobile operating system Android. Google announced that more than two billion devices powered by Android software are used monthly in a freshly passed milestone. The coming version of Android, referred to simply as "O" for the time being, will also have boosted artificial intelligence features along with enhanced security, executives showed. Google is also crafting a lighter version of Android, referred to as "Go," designed for maximum performance on low-cost, entry-level smartphones in developing countries where internet bandwidth is lean or expensive. Google said that while it is happy with the momentum of its Daydream virtual reality platform based on using smartphone as screens in headsets, it is working with partners on stand-alone virtual reality gear. Partners in the endeavor include Vive-maker HTC and Lenovo, according to Google virtual reality team vice president Clay Bavor. The gathering, which attracted some 7,000 developers on site and had thousands more watching online, focused on software with little mention of hardware, noted analyst Blau. "There is a continuing trend where devices are becoming devalued and what is on the screen is becoming more valuable," Blau said. "With AI, all the apps are getting upgraded so they don't need new hardware." Comments(0)Add Comments In battle of digital assistants, Google heads to Apple turf To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Google warns of email scam that impersonates Google Docs Google launches Solve for India program Coursera collaborates with Google to offer Google Cloud Training courses Google rolling out arsenal of services, gadgets READ MORE ONMicrosoftLenovoHTCGoogleGmailApple Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB This Collection Was Made For You Chico's Simple Trick to Earn Airline Miles Without Flying The Simple Dollar Bal Harbour Shops Has Some Of The Worlds' Most Rare and St.. Bal HarbourMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Raymond to replace 10,000 jobs with robots in next 3 years 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Software Technology Parks of India to be set up in Odisha From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Inspire a brighter future with five FREE digital stories. PNC Give Your Child Whole Life Insurance—Babyhood to Adultho.. Gerber Life Insurance Company PNC Agent View - PNC Agent Alliance PNC The Experiences That Spark Student Creativity Microsoft Gems and jewellery trade ready with GST software Piaggio ties up with Amazon for online merchandise retailing ESDS Software expects to triple revenue next year Xiaomi looks to set up manufacturing plant in Andhra Pradesh Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Under new CEO Rajesh Gopinathan, TCS recasts service lines, reshuffles business heads A union for techies is slowly taking shape in Tamil Nadu WhatsApp malfunction affects users across globe IBM calls reports of sacking 5000 employees factually inaccurate If you are techie with 5-15 years experience & based in a small city, this should worry you More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebSRH vs KKR|Cannes Film Festival RERA|Amazon Sale BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Daydream comes to the Galaxy S8 this summer, a future LG phone later this year Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/05/17 1:15pm PDTMay 17, 2017 5 Plus 1 on G+ 16 Share on Facebook 33 Share on Twitter Total Shares54 Daydream Galaxy S8 Galaxy S8+ Google News Samsung VR Samsung launched the Galaxy S8 with support for the Gear VR (obviously), but Google's VR platform got the cold shoulder. The GS8 could have had both if Samsung wanted, and Samsung and Google have apparently come to an understanding. Yes, Daydream is coming to the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus. The Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus have the hardware necessary to make Daydream work including a fast processor and high-resolution AMOLED. So, an OTA update over the summer will allow Samsung's flagship phone to run Daydream VR apps. However, you'll need a Daydream View headset, and carriers might be a pain getting the update rolled out. LG wants a piece of this VR thing,too. However, its hardware isn't quite ready. The G6 has an LCD display that's not suitable for VR. Thus, a phone later this year from LG will support Daydream. So, perhaps this means the LG V30 (or whatever they call it) will have an AMOLED panel. Tags daydream galaxy s8 Google io17 io2017 Samsung VR subscribe ... Previous Story Google says Android O could make your phone reboot twice as fast - apps could see doubled ... ... Next Story Google's education app Expeditions is getting a new AR mode Trending 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments TechGuy22 woot woot glad i sold my s7 edge with the gear vr now only keeping the daydream headset Scott Be cooler if Daydream apps worked in the Gear VR TechGuy22 gear vr has more apps though AbbyZFresh For now it does. Semianonymous I wonder if the ID VR patent lawsuit against Samsung has anything to do with this. They could have had it on the S7 if Samsung really wanted to. Morten Ulv Completely unexpected and awesome news. I wonder how this came to be. Zack Mills Remind me again why this can't come to the S7 series? Tr3ple Because samshit that's why lol Follow Android Police 1.49M 469k 144k 115k Latest Deals 1 [Deal Alert] Celebrate the start of Google I/O with 9 temporarily free and 10 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/17 9:09am PDTMay 17, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $50 off the new HTC U11 with promo code 2017/05/17 3:40am PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 10 [Deal Alert] Get 20% off electronics on eBay with promo code 2017/05/16 4:18pm PDTMay 16, 2017 1 [Deal Alert] 23k gold-plated LG Watch Urbane Luxe is just $150 at B&H ($150+ off) 2017/05/15 9:01pm PDTMay 15, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 69 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 274 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 92 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 311 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 18 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 24 7 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/2/17 - 5/8/17) 2017/05/08 12:30pm PDTMay 8, 2017 9 21 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/26/17 - 5/2/17) 2017/05/02 5:43pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 YouTube mobile streaming is open to all, no longer has a subscriber requirement 2017/05/17 5:46pm PDTMay 17, 2017 9 [Hands-on] Futurama Worlds of Tomorrow, a clone of a clone 2017/05/17 4:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 25 Any developer can now make Instant Apps for Android 2017/05/17 2:37pm PDTMay 17, 2017 20 The Google Home app now features customizable user-defined shortcuts for Assistant 2017/05/17 2:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 0 Google's education app Expeditions is getting a new AR mode 2017/05/17 1:17pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Blast from the Past 28 1 Year Ago Today Google Cast v1.15 Reveals A New Firmware Preview Program And Some Possible New Hardware Categories [APK Teardown] 2016/05/17 3:42pm PDTMay 17, 2016 70 2 Years Ago Today Popular Xposed Framework Module GravityBox Updated To Work With Android 5.1 2015/05/17 12:59pm PDTMay 17, 2015 26 3 Years Ago Today gReader Hits Version 3.7, Brings New Themes, Custom Notifications, And More 2014/05/17 6:50pm PDTMay 17, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today Facebook Pages Manager App Updated To 1.4 With Photo Albums, Drafts, And The Mighty Banhammer 2013/05/17 7:21pm PDTMay 17, 2013 255 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Verizon Clarifies] Verizon Will End Unlimited Data Grandfathering If You Buy A 4G Phone From This Summer Onward 2012/05/17 2:58pm PDTMay 17, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Vodafail: The Story Of The Stolen Xperia Play Shipment In New Zealand Is Fake, Just A [Tasteless] Marketing Ploy 2011/05/17 9:19pm PDTMay 17, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today Exclusive: Could These Features Be Coming To The Next-Next Generation Of Android Market? [Leaked Rumors] 2010/05/17 8:06pm PDTMay 17, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 104 [Update: Visa confirms, kinda] Android Pay launches seem imminent for Canada and Russia 2017/05/17 9:27am PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Amazon announces new $50 Fire 7 and $80 Fire HD 8 tablets, with kids models for both 2017/05/17 7:48am PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 7 Days 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 475 Netflix confirms it is blocking rooted/unlocked devices, app itself is still working (for now) 2017/05/13 3:08pm PDTMay 13, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 30 Days 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 114 queries | 0.758s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... You will finally be able to type to Assistant instead of talking to it Jordan Palmer Follow View All Posts 2017/05/17 10:35am PDTMay 17, 2017 24 Plus 1 on G+ 70 Share on Facebook 49 Share on Twitter Total Shares143 Google News Google Assistant has been picking up steam since it was announced at last year's I/O. Replacing Google Now as your, well, personal assistant, this iteration has been largely more conversational than its predecessor. Besides the odd selection of features and differences between versions, one of the other hiccups with Assistant has been the constant need to talk to it. Well, not anymore. This was actually spotted back in January by Cody in an APK Teardown. It will be a neat feature to have on our phones, since talking to them is not always appropriate. I, for one, cannot wait for this to roll out. Keep it locked here for more I/O 2017 coverage! Tags assistant Google io17 io2017 typing subscribe ... Previous Story Google announces Google Lens, what Google Goggles always should have been ... Next Story Google's computer vision will soon be able to automatically remove obstructions in photos Trending 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Good_Ole_Pinocchio Thank God... But can it tell me what song is playing!?! Or Do I have to ask Google Now... On the same device? keithzg All I know is that the feature for figuring out songs playing via the microphone vanished intermittently here in Canada anyways, so I'm betting either way we won't get it back . . . Bsanz This is great news! Looking forward to typing instead of whispering since I'm not always in an appropriate setting. Adrian I got around this by setting up the home button to open Google Search when tapped and Assistant when held. I speak all day. I don't want to have to talk to my phone and hope it understand my query or announce to the entire world what I'm looking for when in public (or home too I suppose). Just easier to type or paste something in and be done with it. Reason #1329 that I love Nova. Simon Valdivia People with iPhones are getting assistant and here I am with my Nexus 6P with no Google Assistant.... leganzish Why not? I thought assistant rolled out to the 6P and 5X as well as other phones? I have it on my 5X keithzg Yeah, I have it on my 6P as well, up here in Canada (although I never use it because I'd have to speak, and that's rarely efficient and often awkward; text might make me finally use it!). Simon Valdivia I think is region locked.. I'm on the latest patch from May 5th and running Google Play Services 11.0.46 (440-156073194) and still no Google Assistant.. I'm from Venezuela. If by any chance anyone knows how to get it going I'll be more than glad to hear you out... I've been reading a lot online and I haven't been able to solve the problem. Deeco For the Anti-Social lot. Including me. tks Lazar Mijačević I have that feature rolled out on my phone Follow Android Police 1.49M 469k 144k 115k Latest Deals 1 [Deal Alert] Celebrate the start of Google I/O with 9 temporarily free and 10 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/17 9:09am PDTMay 17, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $50 off the new HTC U11 with promo code 2017/05/17 3:40am PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 10 [Deal Alert] Get 20% off electronics on eBay with promo code 2017/05/16 4:18pm PDTMay 16, 2017 1 [Deal Alert] 23k gold-plated LG Watch Urbane Luxe is just $150 at B&H ($150+ off) 2017/05/15 9:01pm PDTMay 15, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 69 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 274 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 92 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 311 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 18 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 24 7 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/2/17 - 5/8/17) 2017/05/08 12:30pm PDTMay 8, 2017 9 21 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/26/17 - 5/2/17) 2017/05/02 5:43pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 YouTube mobile streaming is open to all, no longer has a subscriber requirement 2017/05/17 5:46pm PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Hands-on] Futurama Worlds of Tomorrow, a clone of a clone 2017/05/17 4:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 25 Any developer can now make Instant Apps for Android 2017/05/17 2:37pm PDTMay 17, 2017 20 The Google Home app now features customizable user-defined shortcuts for Assistant 2017/05/17 2:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 0 Google's education app Expeditions is getting a new AR mode 2017/05/17 1:17pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Blast from the Past 28 1 Year Ago Today Google Cast v1.15 Reveals A New Firmware Preview Program And Some Possible New Hardware Categories [APK Teardown] 2016/05/17 3:42pm PDTMay 17, 2016 70 2 Years Ago Today Popular Xposed Framework Module GravityBox Updated To Work With Android 5.1 2015/05/17 12:59pm PDTMay 17, 2015 26 3 Years Ago Today gReader Hits Version 3.7, Brings New Themes, Custom Notifications, And More 2014/05/17 6:50pm PDTMay 17, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today Facebook Pages Manager App Updated To 1.4 With Photo Albums, Drafts, And The Mighty Banhammer 2013/05/17 7:21pm PDTMay 17, 2013 255 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Verizon Clarifies] Verizon Will End Unlimited Data Grandfathering If You Buy A 4G Phone From This Summer Onward 2012/05/17 2:58pm PDTMay 17, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Vodafail: The Story Of The Stolen Xperia Play Shipment In New Zealand Is Fake, Just A [Tasteless] Marketing Ploy 2011/05/17 9:19pm PDTMay 17, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today Exclusive: Could These Features Be Coming To The Next-Next Generation Of Android Market? [Leaked Rumors] 2010/05/17 8:06pm PDTMay 17, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 104 [Update: Visa confirms, kinda] Android Pay launches seem imminent for Canada and Russia 2017/05/17 9:27am PDTMay 17, 2017 167 [Update: Factory images and OTA files] Android beta registration is back, O Dev Preview 2 rolling out now 2017/05/17 2:44pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 7 Days 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 475 Netflix confirms it is blocking rooted/unlocked devices, app itself is still working (for now) 2017/05/13 3:08pm PDTMay 13, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 30 Days 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 109 queries | 0.425s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Articles l l MP3 Isn’t Dead How to Bypass and Reset the Password on Every Operating System What Is UEFI, and How Is It Different from BIOS? Fragmentation Isn’t Android’s Fault, It’s the Manufacturers’ Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+ FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY Search What’s New in Android O, Arriving Summer 2017 By Cameron Summerson on May 17th, 2017 Google I/O 2017 keynote is in the books, and as usual, Google showed us a preview of the latest version of Android. Codenamed O, the next iteration of Google’s mobile operating system is coming this summer, but you can get your hands on the beta right now. Here are the best features you’ll see when it drops. Just like with Android N, Google is offering a formal beta program for Android O. Device support for this build is much smaller than it was for the N preview, however, with only a handful of units being eligible: Nexus 6P Nexus 5X Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Nexus Player Pixel C If you have any of those devices, you can jump in on the beta here. A word of caution, however: I do not recommend using this if it’s your only phone. This is very much a beta and not meant for daily use. You have been warned. Not so brave? Here’s a list of what you’ll get when Android O drops this summer. Fluid Experiences Google is bringing a new set of features to Android O that it calls “Fluid Experiences”. It includes Picture in Picture, Notification Dots, Autofill, and Smart Text Selection. Here’s a brief look at each one. Picture in Picture Puts One App Above Another In Android Nougat (7.x), we got the ability to run two apps on the screen at once with Multi-window. While a super useful feature in its own right, it’s not always best solution. So with O, Google is bringing Picture in Picture mode to the small screen. This will let users open an app in the foreground, while keeping something like a YouTube video running in a smaller window on top. The early implementation looks really solid so far. Notification Dots Let You Know What Apps Have Notifications If you’ve ever used something like Nova Launcher that has built-in notification “badges,” then you already know what Notification Dots are all about. Basically, this a quick way to see pending notifications (aside from using the notification bar, of course) on home screen icons. Unfortunately, they are exactly what the name suggests: dots. Not numbers or anything of the sort. It’s also unclear if these will work in the app drawer as well. One cool thing about Notification Dots is the long-press action. With the long-press features introduced with Pixel Launcher, you are able to do more with home screen icons, and Notification Dots takes this a step further by allowing you to actually see the notification by long-pressing the icon. It’s rad. Autofill Passwords in Apps Chrome has had autofill features for a long time—be it passwords or form data. Now that feature is coming to Android apps as well. For example, if Chrome has your Twitter or Facebook login credentials saved, the app will autofill and login on your Android phone. This is a feature that’s way overdue, and I’m so glad to see it coming front and center in Android O. Smart Text Selection Gives You Context-Aware Shortcuts How many times has someone sent you a text with certain information—like an address, for example—and you had to copy and paste it into Google Maps? I’d like to think that happens to most people pretty regularly (or at least some form of the copy/paste/search analogy). Smart Text Selection is a new feature that will streamline that process by automatically selecting relevant text. For example, if someone sends you an address, you can double tap the street name and it will automatically select the entire address. Or if it’s a business name, it will highlight the entire thing if you just select one word. It looks pretty brilliant. To make this feature even more useful, Smart Text Selection will also offer quick actions in the suggests bar, so if you select a phone number, it will offer the dialer. An address will suggest maps. And so on. Vitals: Speed, Security, and Battery Life With each major release over the last two or so years, Google has put a lot of focus on Android optimization overall. Making the OS more efficient in both terms of performance and battery life has been a front-and-center effort, and Android O is no different. With this release, Google is bringing a new set of optimizations it collectively refers to as “Vitals.” While slightly ambiguous at the keynote itself, we know that this will maximize security with Google Play Protect, optimize boot times and app performance, and intelligently limit background activity for apps to save battery life. At this point, there isn’t a whole lot more to say about Vitals, but it’s something we’ll surely talk about as more information comes to light. Either way, sounds like it’s definitely going to be a good thing. Android Go: Optimized for Low-Cost Phones A couple of years ago, Google announced project called Android One to bring low-cost smartphones to impoverished countries across the globe. Today, it announced Android Go, which at first blush appears to basically be a US version of the program. Android Go’s purpose is to optimize all version of the operating system for low-cost hardware, starting with Android O. Essentially, from this point forward, every version of Android will have a “Go” edition that is optimized to work on anywhere from 512MB to 1GB of RAM, as well as lower-end processors and limited storage situations. The company is also releasing lite versions of the entire Google suite for Go devices, and it will specifically curate the Play Store on these devices to highlight apps that are optimized for use on low-power phones. It will also bring data usage front and center, since many low-income users are on pay-as-you-go data plans. Data Saver in Chrome will be enabled by default, the Data Usage section of Settings will be accessible directly from the Quick Settings panel. Users will even be able to “top up” their data directly from this screen on compatible carriers. That’s neat. In other words: Go is an initiative to make low-end Android devices perform much, much better than they currently do so low-income families can still have access to the technology they deserve. It warms my heart to see companies like Google making a push to better the lives of the little guys. Google Lens: Like Google Goggles, But for the Future This is honestly one of the coolest things Google announced at I/O, and while not technically part of Android O, it’s definitely worth talking about here. Basically, Lens is a new smart feature that uses your phone’s camera to understand what you’re looking at. It can do things like read signs in other languages and provide translations, identify plants and flowers, read Wi-Fi names and passwords off of routers and automatically connect, or even add calendar events by snapping a picture of an event billboard. And that’s just the stuff Google showed it doing on the I/O main stage—I’m absolutely certain that is a feature that will do so much more once it gets into users’ hands. Once it start to roll out, Lens will be available in both Assistant and Photos, but we could possibly see it start to integrate into other apps as well. At this time, Google made no indication that Lens would be available as a standalone app. There was a lot of information to come out of Google I/O’s keynote today, covering everything from Android to Google Assistant, Photos, and a lot more. This is just scratching the surface on the details that will likely emerge in the coming days, and we’ll be digging through it all to find the good stuff. Keep it locked. JOIN THE DISCUSSION Tweet Cameron Summerson is a die-hard Android fan, Chicago Bulls fanatic, metalhead, and cyclist. When he's not pounding keys on the 'net, you can find him spending time with his wife and kids, chugging away on the 6-string, spinning on the streets, or watching the Bulls while yelling at the TV. Published 05/17/17 DID YOU KNOW? Birds and bats may both fly, but whereas birds flap their forelimbs (akin to a human flapping their entire arm), bats flap their very specialized long digits (akin to a human flapping just their hands). BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK 10 Quick Ways to Speed Up a Slow Mac How to Share Printers Between Windows, Mac, and Linux PCs on a Network The Best New Features in macOS Sierra (and How to Use Them) 6 Ways Windows 8 Is More Secure Than Windows 7 7 Ways To Free Up Hard Disk Space On Windows How to Fax a Document From Your Smartphone How to Add Bluetooth Headphones to Your HDTV What’s the Best Way to Back Up My Computer? Reduce Eye Strain and Get Better Sleep by Using f.lux on Your Computer Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2017 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Review: Huawei Watch 2 loses the charm of its predecessor [Video] Trending in Google How to install & run Google Assistant on your Mac or PC desktop [Video] Trending in Google Best Android smartwatches you can buy [May 2017] Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [May 2017] Trending in Google Review: The BlackBerry Keyone is a step back in time that I really want to love [Video] Trending in Google Review: Acer Chromebook 11 N7 is a rugged, affordable laptop for students [Video] Yesterday GOOG: 919.62 -23.38 Google releases first build of Android Studio 3.0 with Instant Apps support, more Chance Miller - May. 17th 2017 5:48 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Android Studio View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit In a post on the Android Developers Blog, Google today announced the release of Android Studio 3.0. The company explained that Android Studio 3.0 includes three major features… Samsung U28E590D 28-Inch 4K Monitor Google says that the latest Android Studio build includes new app performance tools, Kotlin support, and improved support for large sized app projects: To accelerate your development flow, Android Studio 3.0 includes three major features: a new suite of app performance profiling tools to quickly diagnose performance issues, support for the Kotlin programming language, and increased Gradle build speeds for large sized app projects. The changes don’t stop there, though. Android Studio 3.0 also adds support for Instant App development, as well as other Android O features. Android Studio 3.0 also tightly integrates with Android platform development with these additional key features: support for Instant App development, inclusion of the Google Play Store in the Android O emulator system images, and new wizards for Android O development. All in all, Google says that Android Studio 3.0 includes over 20 new features made for developers. It’s important to note that this version is just now in Canary state, which means it will have more than its share of bugs. Nevertheless, it should allow for developers to start experimenting and getting ready for Android O. Many more of the technical details can be found on the Android Developers Blog, as well as in the below video. Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Email: Chance@9to5mac.com Chance currently writes for both 9to5Google and 9to5Mac, in addition to 9to5Toys. Favorite Gear Samsung U28E590D 28-Inch 4K Monitor Phillips Hue Light Strip Amazon Echo Dot Guides Android Studio View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Review: Huawei Watch 2 loses the charm of its predecessor [Video] Trending in Google How to install & run Google Assistant on your Mac or PC desktop [Video] Trending in Google Best Android smartwatches you can buy [May 2017] Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [May 2017] Trending in Google Review: The BlackBerry Keyone is a step back in time that I really want to love [Video] Trending in Google Review: Acer Chromebook 11 N7 is a rugged, affordable laptop for students [Video] Yesterday GOOG: 919.62 -23.38 What was your favorite announcement from the first day of Google I/O 2017? [Poll] Justin Duino - May. 17th 2017 6:05 pm PT @jaduino Google I/O 2017 poll View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Today has been a busy day in the world of Google as the company kicked off its annual developer conference with a keynote address. During this presentation, Google unveiled new features coming to Android, Google Assistant, and all sorts of improvements for some of its other apps and services. What was your favorite announcement from day one of Google I/O 2017? UAG Samsung Galaxy S8 Cases Some of the biggest user-facing changes that Google announced today had to do with Android and some of its other applications. Starting off, there was the released of the second developer preview of Android O which opened up a public beta of the OS for Pixel and some Nexus owners to test. We also saw additions to the Google Assistant that allows for keyboard input, visual searches, and customized shortcuts. That is just the beginning of everything that Google announced today. For the full list, you can check out our roundup of everything that happened. Also, make sure to keep an eye on the site as there are still two more days of Google’s developer conference and more is expected to be unveiled. So, what was your favorite announcement from the first day of Google I/O? Answer the poll below and let us know your thoughts in the comments! Take Our Poll Justin Duino @jaduino I’m a writer for 9to5Google with a background in IT and Android development. Follow me on Twitter to read my ramblings about tech and email me at justin@jaduino.com. Tips are always welcome. Favorite Gear Jaybird Freedom Headphones Acessorz USB-C Dock Samsung Chromebook Pro Guides poll View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Android O replaces blob emoji with a more iOS-like design, no longer reliant on OS updates +5,294 Chris Chavez May 17th, 2017 We’ve seen Google make a big effort to finally give Android’s emoji some priority in 7.0 Nougat, supporting the latest versions of Unicode’s releases long before they’re even made final. For Android O, Google is once again giving their emoji a drastic overhaul, officially killing off the longstanding blob smiley they introduced back in Android 4.4 in the process. The evolution of Android’s emoji through the years Like or not, the gumdrop/blob has been replaced by a new set of emoji that looks like something more akin to iOS. We’re not just talking about the character designs, but the 3D-ish art style as well. I could bitch and moan all day about this, but in reality it’s probably for the best. With so many different emoji styles out there (Microsoft, Samsung, HTC, Apple, Google) this is probably the closest we’ll get to standardizing emoji across the two biggest mobile platforms out there. Now if more manufacturers could just follow suit there’d be less communication errors when attempting to convey a feeling or emotion. Android O is officially supporting Emoji 5.0 (Unicode 10.0 beta) and includes a boatload of new additions such as starstruck, throwing up, wizard, mermaid/man, fairy, pretzel, giraffe, and tons more. For the full list of every emoji currently supported in Android O, head on over here. Arguably the biggest news in all of this is Android O’s emoji support library and downloadable fonts. All developers have to do is place the library inside their app and as long as you are on Android 4.4+, you’ll always see the proper emoji and not the dreaded blank box. For more on this, check out Android O Features and APIs here. via Emojipedia local_offer    Android O   Google IO   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (6) stars Further Reading Android O's biggest new features Android O Beta now live Android reaches 2 billion users Watch Google I/O's 2017 Keynote Live The Android O Beta Program will launch soon stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertOnePlus 5 specs leak yet again closeThe Galaxy S8 will be blown out of the water if these OnePlus 5 specs are real A new listing from Geekbuying claims to show off the specs for the rumored OnePlus 5, but the device listing doesn’t exactly match up with the included device renders. 2 more_vertThe Play Store now features a new icon closeThe Play Store gets a brand new icon with its latest update A new update to the Google Play Store features a redesigned icon for the application, as it removes the shopping bag that has graced Android devices for years. 3 more_vertSamsung Galaxy S8 camera scores 88 at DxOMark closeEven the Samsung Galaxy S8’s camera can’t topple the Pixel at DxOMark DxOMark has released their camera analysis for the Samsung Galaxy S8. The device scored an 88, which is pretty high for their standards, but not the best it could be. 4 more_vertHTC publishes, then pulls, the Edge Sense app closeHTC publishes its Edge Sense app for the U 11 on the Play Store, then removes it Last night, someone at HTC made a rather large mistake, and hit the “publish” button on the accompanying HTC Edge Sense application. The app listing gave us a quick look at how this new Edge Sense functionality will work with the new HTC U 11. Unfortunately, the listing was pulled shortly thereafter, but the folks … 5 more_vertThe Moto X 2017 is shaping up to be rather impressive closeSURPRISE: The Moto X is alive and well and will launch this year A new video seems to detail the specs for the much-rumored Moto X 2017 smartphone. The device is expected to be nestled in the mid-range market but will include a slew of new features. 6 more_vertSamsung Galaxy Note 8 size could be 6.3 inches closeThe Galaxy Note 8 may come in at a whopping 6.3 inches One of the first bits of info we’re hearing about the Samsung Galaxy Note 8 pertains to its screen size. 7 more_vertYou can't use Netflix if your device is rooted closeGood luck using Netflix if your device is rooted or running a custom ROM Yesterday, some rooted users are finding issues with downloading the Netflix app on their various devices. There was some initial speculation that there was just a bug with the latest update, bringing the Netflix app to version 5.0. Image courtesy of Android Police However, it seems this was planned as Netflix has confirmed to the … 8 more_vertTop 5 Apps & Games - May 12 closeTop 5 Android Apps of the Week (May 12, 2017) Every week, hundreds of Android apps and games are submitted to the Play Store. If you’re not paying attention 24/7, it’s easy to miss some of the best stuff. Each week we will highlight five of the best new or overlooked apps and games. However, this week we’re sharing 5 unique icon packs. Go forth … 9 more_vertA new leak reveals Motorola's plans for 2017 closeA new leak reveals Motorola and Lenovo’s plans for 2017 A new leak reportedly has revealed Motorola and Lenovo’s 2017 smartphone release plans, while confirming the impending launch of the Moto X4 (Moto X 2017). 10 more_vertA new exploit is found within OxygenOS closeYour OnePlus smartphone is likely open to being hacked A new exploit has been found in OxygenOS which leaves your OnePlus handset open to being taken over by malicious software if you are attempting to downgrade the software of your device. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Google IO 2017 Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: With Android O, Google gives Android TV a fresh coat of paint and more Newsby Team AA5 hours ago 2 84 4 Google first unveiled its Android TV platform during its 2014 Google I/O developer conference. As such, it is appropriate for Google to have unveiled what is next for its smart TV platform today, the day of Google I/O 2017. Slated for release “later this year,” the revamped Android TV interface places an emphasis on content. To realize that focus, a revamped user interface sits front and center. Favorite apps are now positioned at the top, which gives Android TV a Netflix-like aesthetic for those who like such an interface. Content recommendations, meanwhile, are split up by service. This means that apps like Netflix, YouTube, and others automatically get their own row, or “channel,” as Google calls it. See also: Best Android TV devices – what are your options? January 3, 2017 These channels highlight TV shows, movies, and other content, and it is up to an app’s publisher to determine what content is shown. If those recommendations do not jive with what you want to see, publishers can allow folks to install several channels, which allow people to build different recommendation rows for live and on-demand content. Google Assistant will be available to help folks move through the interface and get to content quicker, though the clean aesthetic of the upcoming Android TV update should help matters on those fronts. As for when the revamped Android TV will be available, Google did not offer anything other than the aforementioned “later this year” timeframe. We would not be surprised if it launches alongside Android O, seeing how it is Android TV’s underlying software. News  Android Dev Blog, Google Blog  Android Police Team AA Show 2 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   LG G6 International Giveaway! 4 days ago37 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Kochava Announced as an App Attribution Partner with Google News provided by Kochava 17 May, 2017, 20:31 ET Share this article SANDPOINT, Idaho, May 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Kochava (www.kochava.com), an industry leader providing holistic measurement solutions for connected devices, announces their integration with Google. Kochava customers will easily measure the campaigns they run on the search engine giant. Kochava has made product changes that will benefit marketers using Google's app campaigns, which enable them to reach consumers across Google Search, YouTube, Google Play, and the Google Display Network, using a single campaign type. With the announcement of Kochava as an App Attribution Partner with Google, marketers will have a new way to track and manage their app campaigns. The new integration will drastically reduce the complexity and setup time of campaigns and allow marketers to run them in just a few simple steps. "Having had the great privilege to work with the Google team for over five years running, I can unconditionally state that the new API capabilities provide a whole other level of transparency," said Charles Manning, CEO of Kochava. "These new product enhancements didn't just raise the bar, they redefine the meaning of transparency in the digital advertising ecosystem. Hats off to Google for their genuine commitment to supporting third-party measurement throughout the product line." Marketers can soon leverage the power of the new measurement capabilities on all of their AdWords app campaigns, including: Simplified tracker setup Property-specific reporting segmentation Supports Re-engagement Attribution One-step postback configuration Never before has there been a better and more reliable way to measure and ensure consistent ad performance data from Google. About Kochava Kochava (www.kochava.com) offers a unique, holistic and unbiased analytics platform to plan, target, measure and optimize media spend. The Kochava Unified Audience Platform for mobile and connected devices combines potent features and global coverage with thousands of network and publisher integrations, allowing marketers to target audiences and measure campaign performance with precision. Real-time customizable visualizations give users fluid access to a full spectrum of data points, providing robust segmentation capabilities and real-time actionability. Yielding the most powerful tools in the ecosystem, Kochava is chosen by brands across industry verticals to measure the largest and most sophisticated ad campaigns. Follow Kochava on social media: Facebook / Twitter / LinkedIn    Media Contact: Jason Hicks, VP of Marketing             +1-855-562-4282 press@kochava.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/kochava-announced-as-an-app-attribution-partner-with-google-300459706.html SOURCE Kochava Related Links http://www.kochava.com 20 Apr, 2017, 06:00 ET Preview: Leading Measurement Provider, Kochava, Disrupting Industry with Free App Analytics My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 06 Apr, 2017, 06:00 ET Leading Measurement Provider, Kochava, Disrupting Industry with... 06 Apr, 2017, 06:00 ET Define and Eliminate Mobile Ad Fraud--Kochava Releases the Fraud... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Computer Software Advertising Licensing You just read: Kochava Announced as an App Attribution Partner with Google News provided by Kochava 17 May, 2017, 20:31 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Google Lens Uses Your Camera To Make Searches In Real-Life By Tyler Lee on 05/17/2017 17:57 PDT When you hear a song that you don’t know, there’s a good chance you might launch apps such as Shazam or SoundHound to try and identify it. So what about objects? What if you saw a table or a pair of shoes you really liked but didn’t know where to buy it? Google Goggles was an option, but it seems that Google could be replacing it with Google Lens. During an announcement made at Google I/O 2017, Google revealed that they were making some changes to Google Assistant. Part of those changes is the introduction of a new feature called Google Lens, which is basically like a real-life reverse image search where you can use your smartphone’s camera to identify objects in real-life. According to Google, “You’ll be able to learn more about things around you, and even take action based on your surroundings, while you’re in a conversation with your Assistant. If you see a marquee for your favorite band, you can hold up your Assistant, tap the Lens icon and get information on the band, tickets and more.” Users will also be able to pull event information, business cards, or even translate text from other languages. Note that some of these features already exist, like snapping a photo and translating it via Google Translate, but the idea is that Google Lens will bring all those features into a single place, thus making it more convenient to use. It will be part of the new features that will be coming to Google Assistant, so keep an eye out for it. Filed in Cellphones >Photo-Video. Read more about Google, google i/o 2017, google io. Related Articles 2017-05-17 Notification Dots Will Be Coming To Android O 2017-05-17 ‘Android Go’ Is A Lightweight Version Of Android For Low-End Devices 2017-05-17 Google Play Protect Will Help Make Android Devices More Secure 2017-05-17 Google To Add Obstruction Removal To The Pixel’s Camera 2017-05-17 Google Trademarks ‘WorldSense’, Possibly VR Related Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Thursday, May 18, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Russia Investigation Gets Special Counsel Robert Mueller, Ex-F.B.I. Chief, to Lead Inquiry on Meddling By REBECCA R. RUIZ and MARK LANDLER 10:27 PM ET The Justice Department’s appointment of Robert S. Mueller III follows days of chaos in the White House since the abrupt firing last week of James B. Comey. Mr. Mueller will have greater autonomy than any U.S. attorney. President Trump said the process would show “there was no collusion.”  Comments What Mueller’s Autonomy Means for the President Why It’s So Hard to Have an Independent Investigation Trump’s Team Knew of Flynn Inquiry Before He Took Office By MATTHEW ROSENBERG and MARK MAZZETTI 9:11 PM ET Weeks before the inauguration, Michael T. Flynn is said to have told the transition team that he was being investigated for working as a paid lobbyist for Turkey. But he was named national security adviser anyway, giving him wide access to American intelligence. Robert S. Mueller III, a former F.B.I. director under Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama, was chosen to oversee the inquiry. Credit Christopher Gregory/The New York Times G.O.P. Pivot Turns Comey Into Capitol’s Most-Wanted By JENNIFER STEINHAUER 9:27 PM ET Republicans called on the fired F.B.I. director to testify, produce memos and provide details of his encounters with Mr. Trump. The Right Has Its Own Narrative About Trump’s Crises By JEREMY W. PETERS Mr. Trump’s proponents have used unfounded allegations, diversions and conspiracy theories to maintain support. How Murder of D.N.C. Staff Member Fueled Conspiracy Theories Saying He’s Treated ‘Unfairly,’ Trump Gears Up to Fight By MAGGIE HABERMAN and GLENN THRUSH In a commencement address to Coast Guard cadets, Mr. Trump said that “no politician in history” had “been treated worse.” More in Politics Homeland Security Chief’s Quip: Use Sword on Press 12:52 AM ET Comey’s Memos Are Product of Culture of Note-Keeping Joseph Lieberman Among 4 Interviewed to Head F.B.I. Stocks Dip Sharply Amid Concerns Over Political Turmoil By KATE KELLY and ALEXANDRA STEVENSON The S.&P. 500 and the Dow both took a dive, falling 1.8 percent each as investors appeared shaken by the drama around President Trump. Republican Hopes for Rewriting Tax Code in 2017 Are Fading Iran Has Its Own Hard-Line Populist, and He’s on the Rise By THOMAS ERDBRINK 3:00 AM ET Ebrahim Raisi, the darling of the country’s conservative clerics, might one day become the supreme leader. But can he win the presidency? Immigration Arrests Rise 38% as Trump’s Mandate Is Realized By CAITLIN DICKERSON Under a new Trump administration policy, the federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency is casting a wider net. Erdogan’s Security Guards Attack Protesters in U.S. By NICHOLAS FANDOS and CHRISTOPHER MELE Supporters of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey, including his government security forces, violently charged a group of protesters in Washington, injuring 11.  Comments 1:55 Brawl in Washington Over Erdogan’s Visit By VOA TURKISH The Daily 360 2:06 A Fading City Loses an Unlikely Lifeline Joe Buglewicz for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Cairo, Ill., Public Housing Residents Ask: What Now? Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. The village of Hastings-on-Hudson, N.Y., in Westchester County, has attracted the attention of Hollywood recently for its vibe as Anytown, U.S.A. Credit Edu Bayer for The New York Times For a Village in Demand, It’s Lights, Camera, Inconvenience Hastings-on-Hudson, N.Y., has attracted Hollywood attention, bolstering its coffers and, to some extent, its ego. But the increase in filming has not come without headaches. By RICK ROJAS Your Thursday Briefing By PATRICK BOEHLER 12:55 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ James Comey’s secret memos: We discuss the latest revelations about President Trump, Mr. Comey, Russia and Israel. Audio Follow The Daily: Daily SMS iTunes Radio Public Stitcher Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living Guide A Guide to Running a Better Meeting By ADAM BRYANT Another meeting-filled day? Meetings don’t have to feel like time-sucks. With these tips and strategies, they can be efficient and productive. How to Save Money on Summer Travels Looking to save on summer travel? Our Frugal Traveler columnist answered your questions on airfares, lodging, food and more. How Jean-Michel Basquiat Became the $60 Million Man By ROBIN POGREBIN and SCOTT REYBURN With 16 Basquiats headlining in this week’s auctions, the graffiti rebel, who sold drawings for $50 and died in 1987 of a drug overdose, has become the heavyweight artist of the season. Buyers Cautious at Auction as Wall Street Dips 11:45 PM ET White Tulsa Officer Cleared in Death of Black Driver By LUCIA WALINCHUS and RICHARD PÉREZ-PEÑA 11:02 PM ET The fatal shooting of Terence Crutcher by Officer Betty Jo Shelby is one of several cases that have prompted a national debate about race relations and the police’s use of force. Results of 15 Cases Involving the Police and a Black Person’s Death Macron’s Cabinet Gives Glimpse of How He Might Govern By ALISSA J. RUBIN By appointing equal numbers of men and women to his cabinet, President Emmanuel Macron of France made a statement. But his power will depend on legislative elections. Jimmy Fallon Was on Top of the World, Before Trump By DAVE ITZKOFF Late night got partisan. The competition found its groove. And now “The Tonight Show” host is looking for all the luck he can get. Critic's Notebook Lost in the Digital Swamp, Link by Link By AMANDA HESS Companies occupy real estate at the margins of websites and fill them with links to content landfills, stoking our most primal browsing habits. Teenager Accused of Setting Fire in Historic Synagogue By ASHLEY SOUTHALL and DAVID W. DUNLAP The police made the arson arrest after a blaze burned to the ground the landmark building on the Lower East Side that formerly housed Beth Hamedrash Hagodol. More News Police in Venezuela Fight Protesters, but Hold Similar Gripes Las Vegas Officer Uses Stun Gun and Choke Hold 11:23 PM ET The Cosby Trial May Hinge on One Woman’s Testimony Ford, Facing Pressure, Will Cut 1,400 Salaried Jobs Australia’s Rural Youth, in Split From Elders, Seek to Limit Emissions The youth wing of a conservative party that represents voters outside the main cities has its own ideas about how to protect a rural lifestyle from the threat posed by climate change. Australia’s ‘King Kong’ Is Bound for Broadway, a Bit Late but Just as Big This stage spectacle featuring a 20-foot ape, part puppet and part robot, is scheduled to open in the fall of 2018 after a series of delays. Aldous Harding’s Songs Won’t Be Pinned Down. Nor Will Her Voice. This New Zealand singer’s sets often started with curious audiences and ended with rapt ones. Her first American release, “Party,” arrives on Friday. The Mystery of the Wasting House-Cats Forty years ago, feline hyperthyroidism was virtually nonexistent. Now it’s an epidemic — and some scientists think everyday chemicals might be to blame. Refuge and Renewal on Lake George A Favorite Place column describes a corner of the Adirondacks where elements of modern life yield to more timeless pursuits. Engaged Princess Revives a Royal Debate in Japan Princess Mako, Emperor Akihito’s grandchild, is getting married, and, by law, leaving the royal family. Her departure is highlighting a looming succession crisis. The Opinion Pages Editorial The Special Counsel America Needs With the former F.B.I. director Robert S. Mueller III in charge, Americans should be assured of a strong inquiry.  Comments Nicholas Kristof Dangerous Times for Trump and the Nation What if an unstable president reaches for the nuclear button?  Comments What Israel Makes of Trump’s Intel Gaffe The Criminal President? Bret Stephens ‘The Flight 93 Election’ Crashes Again To certain conservatives, last fall’s was “the Flight 93 election.” Perhaps it was, but not as they intended.  Comments Editorial: Did Mr. Trump Obstruct Justice? Collins: Trump’s Version of Keeping Us Safe Douthat: The 25th Amendment Friedman: It’s Chicken or Fish If You’re in a Wheelchair, Segregation Lives Nine Students, Four Years Later User Subscriptions Three Thousand Miles From the Western Front What We’re Reading Times Insider » Three Thousand Miles From the Western Front The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story N.Y. / Region In the Mold of One Who Died Young A life cast by the sculptor John Ahearn of a Bronx teenager, Justin McWillis, captured his appearance months before he was fatally shot. Now his family has a replica. Opinion Don’t Profit From Abuses by Bahrain Family Are Men With Beards More Desirable? Movies At Cannes, le Booing Isn’t Just for Bad Films Opinion Why Do We Appease North Korea? Times Insider What We’re Reading Art & Design A Feast of Street Art, Luminous and Legal From the Bronx to Coney Island, a tour of the city’s graffiti art can help slake a thirst for art in summer’s dog days. Opinion Highway Robbery Targets the Poor Asia Pacific Keeping a Philippine Tattoo Tradition Alive Family No Such Thing as a Math Person Opinion If You’re in a Wheelchair, Segregation Lives Times Insider A New Comic Strip From The Times Sections World » Putin Offers to Provide a ‘Record’ of Trump’s Disclosures to Russian Envoys Villaggio Coppola Journal: Forsaken Village on Italy’s Coast Tells Tale of a Paradise Lost The Interpreter: How Iran Became an Undemocratic Democracy Business Day » Drama in Washington Rattles Wall Street, and Stocks Dive Japan’s Economy Is Growing, but Don’t Call It a Hot Streak Google Wants to Be Everywhere With Everyone Opinion » Frank Bruni: Trump’s Leaky Fate Editorial: The Special Counsel America Needs Ross Douthat: The 25th Amendment Solution for Removing Trump U.S. » Their Public Housing at the End of Its Life, Residents Ask: What Now? Amid Puerto Rico’s Fiscal Ruins, a New Push for Statehood New Orleans Removes Beauregard Statue, and Subdued Crowds Look On Technology » State of the Art: Google, Not the Government, Is Building the Future China Is Reluctant to Blame North Korea, Its Ally, for Cyberattack With Ransomware, It’s Pay and Embolden Perpetrators, or Lose Precious Data Arts » Jimmy Fallon Was on Top of the World. Then Came Trump. Andrea Constand’s Story: Will It Send Bill Cosby to Prison? Critic's Notebook: Lost in the Digital Swamp, Link by Link Politics » How a Special Counsel Alters the Russia Investigation Washington Memo: Washington Is Abuzz With Surround Sound of Scandal Robert Mueller, New Special Counsel, Is Known for Independence Fashion & Style » We Settle a Big Fashion Rivalry: Nashville vs. Columbus On the Runway: JAR’s Light in the Darkness Suffering for Your Art? Maybe You Need a Patron Movies » Review: ‘Alien: Covenant’ Summons Terror and Stays on Brand At Cannes, le Booing Isn’t Just Reserved for Bad Films Women Face Long Odds at U.S. Film Festivals, Study Finds New York » De Blasio Quietly Seeks Allies in Battle Over Homeless Shelters Puerto Rican Day Parade to Honor a Long-Jailed Militant De Blasio Says Stick to Subway (but Don’t Blame Him if You Run Late) Sports » Yankees 11, Royals 7: Yankees Add Speed to Their Power and Throttle the Royals On Pro Basketball: It’s Back to the Future for the Celtics, the Sixers and the Lakers Denying Maria Sharapova, Inviting a Debate Theater » Review: A Mythic Force Rages in the Welsh ‘Iphigenia in Splott’ Review: Recalling an Electric New York in ‘Radicals in Miniature’ Eugene O’Neill, Brought to Life in Bright Colors Science » Trilobites: Nearly a Decade Nursing? Study Pierces Orangutans’ Mother-Child Bond Profiles in Science: Brenda Milner, Eminent Brain Scientist, Is ‘Still Nosy’ at 98 A Remote Pacific Island Awash in Tons of Trash Obituaries » Jean Fritz, Who Wrote History Books for Children, Dies at 101 Lloyd Cotsen, Collector of the Ordinary and the Odd, Dies at 88 Lee Hall, Artist and de Kooning Biographer, Dies at 82 Television » Welcome Back to Twin Peaks: An Illustrated Glossary Jimmy Fallon Was on Top of the World. Then Came Trump. Watching: Margaret’s 4 TV Shows to Watch This Week Health » Babies From Skin Cells? Prospect Is Unsettling to Some Experts F.D.A. Warns of Faulty Lead Testing in Children and Mothers Phys Ed: New Advice to Move More After a Concussion Travel » On the Water: Ten Favorite Places on European Rivers, Lakes and Coastlines Q&A with the Frugal Traveler on Summer Savings Footsteps: A Botanist in Swedish Lapland Books » Books of The Times: ‘The End of Eddy’ Captures a Savage Childhood and a Global Movement Books of The Times: ‘Shake It Up’ Aims to Put Rock Writing in the Pantheon Books of The Times: Digging to the Roots of Maurice Sendak’s Vision Education » Education Disrupted: How Google Took Over the Classroom Free Tuition? Tennessee Could Tutor New York 500 Students in a One-Room School: Fallout of New Jersey’s Funding Woes Food » The Pour: Let’s Be Clear: Bad Wines Are Bad Wines, Period ‘Modern Mexican’ Steps Into the Spotlight Restaurant Review: Pork Is Only the Starting Point at Pig Bleecker Sunday Review » On Campus: U Can’t Talk to Ur Professor Like This Editorial: The Republican’s Guide to Presidential Behavior Frank Bruni: Donald Trump à la Mode Real Estate » Living In: Spuyten Duyvil, the Bronx: Crosscurrents of Suburb and City International Real Estate: House Hunting in … Como, Italy What You Get: $850,000 homes in Indiana, Louisiana and California The Upshot » The Cost of College: How Colleges Know What You Can Afford (and the Limits of That Tactic) The New Health Care: Why Marathons Are More Dangerous for Nearby Residents Than Runners If Americans Can Find North Korea on a Map, They’re More Likely to Prefer Diplomacy Magazine » Feature: A Pet Tortoise Who Will Outlive Us All Feature: When the Lab Rat Is a Snake The Health Issue: The Rooster Attacked Me — and Yet I Loved Him Automobiles » VW Engineers Wanted O.K. From the Top for Emissions Fraud, Documents Show Driven: Video Review: A Competition Puts S.U.V.s Through Their Paces Ford Moves to Trim Its Ranks as Its Chief Faces a Test T Magazine » India’s Lost Party Mansions By Design: In Praise of Splatter-Painted Floors The 10 Best Things We Saw at the Venice Biennale Times Insider » Picturing the First World War: Three Thousand Miles From the Western Front Who Gets to Pay $57.4 Million? Inside Art Auction Bidding Wars What We’re Reading Real Estate » What You Get $850,000 homes in Indiana, Louisiana and California By TIM McKEOUGH A cedar-and-glass house in Michigan City; an Acadian-style home in New Orleans; and a modernist retreat in Palm Springs.  Comments Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Mortgage Calculator Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google says Android O could make your phone reboot twice as fast - apps could see doubled speeds, too David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/05/17 1:11pm PDTMay 17, 2017 29 Plus 1 on G+ 163 Share on Facebook 65 Share on Twitter Total Shares257 Android O Android OS News Series: Android O Feature Spotlights This article is part of our Android O Feature Spotlights series.Previous ArticleShow AllNext Article ... 48 40. Android O feature spotlight: SMS authentication process gets streamlined 2017/05/15 7:44am PDTMay 15, 2017 55 41. Android O feature spotlight: Notification Dots put notifications on your icons 2017/05/17 12:24pm PDTMay 17, 2017 45 42. Google says Android O could make your phone reboot twice as fast - apps could see doubled speeds, too 2017/05/17 1:11pm PDTMay 17, 2017 70 43. Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 86 44. Android O feature spotlight: Quick settings are now grayscale, get some other small tweaks 2017/05/17 1:55pm PDTMay 17, 2017 ... View All 47 Articles In This Series During today's keynote at Google I/O, Google revealed a couple of interesting figures about the upcoming Android O release. Namely, it should be a lot faster in certain regards. Google says that the Pixel, for example, will reboot up to twice as fast on Android O (it does take a while at the moment). It wasn't immediately clear what optimizations allowed for this boosted performance. As in the hero image of this post, Google also alluded to improved performance for apps at large. Using Google Sheets as an example, Google claimed that when running a set of typical workload benchmarks in the app, Sheets completed operations over twice as quickly in these scenarios. How exactly this is happening, again, is unclear. But it's certainly good news - faster apps are better apps. The improved reboot times should further reduce the amount of time necessary to install an OTA update on your device. Last year at I/O, Google announced seamless updates, allowing you to install updates on your phone in the background on a separate system partition while you can continue to use the device. Rebooting is still something that has to happen with seamless updates, though, and it sounds like Android O should make that process even faster. Tags android o i/o 2017 io2017 series_android_o_feature_spotlights subscribe ... Previous Story Android O feature spotlight: Smart Text Selection automatically highlights the right words at a ... ... Next Story Daydream comes to the Galaxy S8 this summer, a future LG phone later this year Trending 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Forget vega #getEVGA Good job google .... Darth Vader Boooring. Where are the new messaging apps? George SUPER CHAT!!! argh... that girl was super obnoxious... hp-fourtwenty google killed them Roy Haha not funny. No one here can come with new jokes? marcusmarcus2 No kidding. People keep making this joke more than Google makes messaging apps. Kinda ridiculous. Corey Kinard Quality post. 4Ui812 Google Sheets and twice as fast eh ? Maybe the O stands for orgasm :-) T4rd The Spotlight I'm waiting for: "Apps can no longer hide behind 'Android OS' or 'Android System' in the battery stats." blindexecutioner I agree. I know the LED notification managing apps do that. I am not sure it is to be sneaky about it but rather it's just probably how the system is designed. I still think they're worth it but a lot of times people have no idea an app is what is causing their drain and they blame Android/Google for it. Winston That by itself would warrant a totally new letter release for me. As Trump would say, it's YUUGE. On Samsung at least, it now tells you approximately how much battery an app is draining. Interesting statistic: WhatsApp drains between four to seven times more battery than *fking Snapchat*. Teja Hell yeah! Android system is taking 15-20% of my battery on my Oneplus 3. Still can't figure which package is causing this. I at least hope they give individual battery stats for packages included in the so called "Android OS" and "Android System" marcusmarcus2 This will greatly improve the bootloop speeds of some devices. Christopher Kruthoff Clearly the real reason behind such a feature! VAVAMk_2 LG I am looking at you... marcusmarcus2 Oh yeah, well LG is looking at... ...LG is looking at... ...LG is looking at... ...LG is looking at... Roh_Mish Youuuu you you, youuuu, you you yooooooooooo Fernando Pena This is probably true, my phone is A LOT faster after DP2 update. I mean, even faster than the latest stable nougat version. Maxwell “Max” Weinbach I noticed this two on my Nexus 6p. It boots faster than my S8. Fernando Pena I meant overall performance, apps, system and boot as well... Jey How's the battery work far? Fernando Pena I can't say anything battery just yet, let's see how it performs overnight and along the day tomorrow... Tr3ple On my pixel too, I'm impressed blindexecutioner Lol,yeah, ok. I am sure battery life will be quadrupled too. balthazar Could, would, should, won't ... Roy Let's be optimistic and maybe on the Pixel it will. Maxwell “Max” Weinbach Does the S8 support seamless updates? Tim Harman Why would it matter? Samsung will stop providing updates for it as soon as the S9 comes out. (I actually did some Google for you and the answer seems to be "No" but I couldn't find anything confirming it one way or another) D13H4RD2L1V3 Nope. The only phone that supports seamless updates is the Pixel. Corey Kinard Hopefully the OP5 goes for it. It's only a feature useful for phones that actually get updated. Winston No. My phone's day one patch installed as it usually does. Lord Argyris "Google says that the Pixel, for example, will reboot up to twice as fast on Android O..." I wonder how many lifetimes they reckon this saves. bL4Ck Cool, but when a phone starts in a decent amount of time isn't that already good enough? After all these years of smartphones i don't think many turn off their phones at all unless they have to, my 6P often reaches 3-4 weeks of up-time then i randomly restart it for reasons or because play services starts acting weird and drains the battery. I feel like they're putting their focus on the wrong problems, slow boot times was an issue 10 years ago when people were still used to Nokia phones having basic features work even when switched off, but now people either put their phones in airplane mode during the night or switch them to silent, so having twice as fast boot up times isn't going to affect anyone's life in any meaningful way. Winston I think it was really just for show, as the most visible change in the speed. Most things on phones don't really take that long anymore, and they wanted to highlight just how fast the new OS is, so they reduced the boot time by half. Stu The estimates are probably generous but I do feel like Android has finally matured with nougat and it would make sense if the OS became a lot more refined from this point forward. Not a parallel comparison obviously, but you saw similar with iOS. Beebs Vaporware. Samsung has me on Android 4.4 kit kat D13H4RD2L1V3 Well, I wonder how this translates to actual real-world use. Like is it possible to notice the difference? From what I've heard, that seems to be the case. deh2002 Will be great for LG buyer's Dmitry Stepanushkin 2x faster bootloops? just1box Google needs to focus on ONLY THREE things. 1. steamlined/faster OS updates 2. SINGLE All in one rich text messaging app standard across ALL devices and web/PC app 3. really goose Dev's to optimize apps for tablets (The fact the tablet section in PlayStore has basically 5 MORE apps than ALL of Windows 10 app availability is offensive this far along in Android.) Rod I'd add in standby battery drain in there, too. Rod Does this mean Android phones won't be embarrassed at PhoneBuff speed tests anymore? Yay! Roh_Mish Would love this on my XZ. It is a solid performer but my god does it take its own sweet time booting up. Сергей Бугаев They did mention some details about how they accomplished this, for example concurrent garbage collection and heap defragmentation, but we'll hear more in the dedicated ART news session. Cakefish Yay. This is great stuff. Follow Android Police 1.49M 469k 144k 115k Latest Deals 1 [Deal Alert] Celebrate the start of Google I/O with 9 temporarily free and 10 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/17 9:09am PDTMay 17, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $50 off the new HTC U11 with promo code 2017/05/17 3:40am PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 10 [Deal Alert] Get 20% off electronics on eBay with promo code 2017/05/16 4:18pm PDTMay 16, 2017 1 [Deal Alert] 23k gold-plated LG Watch Urbane Luxe is just $150 at B&H ($150+ off) 2017/05/15 9:01pm PDTMay 15, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 69 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 274 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 92 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 311 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 18 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 24 7 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/2/17 - 5/8/17) 2017/05/08 12:30pm PDTMay 8, 2017 9 21 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/26/17 - 5/2/17) 2017/05/02 5:43pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 YouTube mobile streaming is open to all, no longer has a subscriber requirement 2017/05/17 5:46pm PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Hands-on] Futurama Worlds of Tomorrow, a clone of a clone 2017/05/17 4:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 25 Any developer can now make Instant Apps for Android 2017/05/17 2:37pm PDTMay 17, 2017 20 The Google Home app now features customizable user-defined shortcuts for Assistant 2017/05/17 2:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 0 Google's education app Expeditions is getting a new AR mode 2017/05/17 1:17pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Blast from the Past 28 1 Year Ago Today Google Cast v1.15 Reveals A New Firmware Preview Program And Some Possible New Hardware Categories [APK Teardown] 2016/05/17 3:42pm PDTMay 17, 2016 70 2 Years Ago Today Popular Xposed Framework Module GravityBox Updated To Work With Android 5.1 2015/05/17 12:59pm PDTMay 17, 2015 26 3 Years Ago Today gReader Hits Version 3.7, Brings New Themes, Custom Notifications, And More 2014/05/17 6:50pm PDTMay 17, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today Facebook Pages Manager App Updated To 1.4 With Photo Albums, Drafts, And The Mighty Banhammer 2013/05/17 7:21pm PDTMay 17, 2013 255 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Verizon Clarifies] Verizon Will End Unlimited Data Grandfathering If You Buy A 4G Phone From This Summer Onward 2012/05/17 2:58pm PDTMay 17, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Vodafail: The Story Of The Stolen Xperia Play Shipment In New Zealand Is Fake, Just A [Tasteless] Marketing Ploy 2011/05/17 9:19pm PDTMay 17, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today Exclusive: Could These Features Be Coming To The Next-Next Generation Of Android Market? [Leaked Rumors] 2010/05/17 8:06pm PDTMay 17, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 104 [Update: Visa confirms, kinda] Android Pay launches seem imminent for Canada and Russia 2017/05/17 9:27am PDTMay 17, 2017 168 [Update: Factory images and OTA files] Android beta registration is back, O Dev Preview 2 rolling out now 2017/05/17 2:44pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 7 Days 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 475 Netflix confirms it is blocking rooted/unlocked devices, app itself is still working (for now) 2017/05/13 3:08pm PDTMay 13, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 30 Days 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 132 queries | 0.424s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 18, 3:01 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Google Photos Update: Suggested Sharing Introduced At I/O 2017 Keynote By Fionna Agomuoh @FionnaatIBT On 05/17/17 AT 9:02 PM Close Among many announcements at the I/O keynote Wednesday, Google showcased new features for its Photos platform. Photos has become an integral part of the Google ecosystem and the tech giant is further using machine learning to make its functions more seamless and predictable. New to Google Photos is a suggested sharing feature, which will suggest to users photos they can share with friends and family. Many smartphone photographers intend to spend the amazing shots they take from various functions but never get around to it. Google Photos can now identify people in photos within the library and prompt notifications to users to share those photos. If there are several people in a photo, Google Photos can make a suggestion to send it to all of the photo's subjects. Users can pool photos together with contacts who also have Google accounts in order to receive photos as well as sending photos. While users share their photos where friends are the subject, they can also get photos from friends where they are the subject. Building on the suggested sharing idea, Google also showcased shared libraries, which allows users to connect with specific contacts to share photos. Users can set one or more contacts to have access to photos from the primary users' library to their own library. Google Photos will notify contacts when new photos from shared libraries contacts are backed up in their library. Users can also set which types of photos are sent to contacts' library by subject. For example, if a husband and wife have a shared library of family photos, the wife can see in the library photos of the husband's day out with the kids, but not photos of the husband's night out with his friends. Google also announced a new service called Photo Books, which allows users to select their best images to be printed into a booklet they and keep or gift. Photo Books is now available on Google Photos and will be available for Android and iOS devices next week. ​ Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories Google's VR Headsets Don't Need a Computer Or Phone New Google Home Features Announced At I/O 2017 Keynote Recommended Business Uber Wanted To Partner With Tesla, But Musk Said No Travis Kalanick, CEO of the ride-hailing company, called Tesla CEO Elon Musk to propose a self-driving partnership between the two companies, a new book says. Technology Google Photos Update Introduces Suggested Sharing Google Photos now makes it easier to remember to share photos with friends and family. World Brazilian President Michel Temer Accused Of Corruption Barely one year after being elected as president, Temer has been accused of corruption and people are already calling for his impeachment. National Kevin McCarthy Was Kidding When He Said 'Putin Pays Trump' California Congressman Eric Swalwell said Kevin McCarthy's remark on Trump and Putin could raise questions whether McCarthy has additional information on the "relationship the president had with President Putin." © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Kochava Announced as an App Attribution Partner with Google SANDPOINT, Idaho, May 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Kochava (www.kochava.com), an industry leader providing holistic measurement solutions for connected devices, announces their integration with Google. Kochava customers will easily measure the campaigns they run on the search engine giant. Kochava has made product changes that will benefit marketers using Google’s app campaigns, which enable them to reach consumers across Google Search, YouTube, Google Play, and the Google Display Network, using a single campaign type. With the announcement of Kochava as an App Attribution Partner with Google, marketers will have a new way to track and manage their app campaigns. The new integration will drastically reduce the complexity and setup time of campaigns and allow marketers to run them in just a few simple steps. „Having had the great privilege to work with the Google team for over five years running, I can unconditionally state that the new API capabilities provide a whole other level of transparency,” said Charles Manning, CEO of Kochava. „These new product enhancements didn’t just raise the bar, they redefine the meaning of transparency in the digital advertising ecosystem. Hats off to Google for their genuine commitment to supporting third-party measurement throughout the product line.” Marketers can soon leverage the power of the new measurement capabilities on all of their AdWords app campaigns, including: Simplified tracker setup Property-specific reporting segmentation Supports Re-engagement Attribution One-step postback configuration Never before has there been a better and more reliable way to measure and ensure consistent ad performance data from Google. About Kochava Kochava (www.kochava.com) offers a unique, holistic and unbiased analytics platform to plan, target, measure and optimize media spend. The Kochava Unified Audience Platform for mobile and connected devices combines potent features and global coverage with thousands of network and publisher integrations, allowing marketers to target audiences and measure campaign performance with precision. Real-time customizable visualizations give users fluid access to a full spectrum of data points, providing robust segmentation capabilities and real-time actionability. Yielding the most powerful tools in the ecosystem, Kochava is chosen by brands across industry verticals to measure the largest and most sophisticated ad campaigns. Follow Kochava on social media: Facebook / Twitter / LinkedIn    Media Contact: Jason Hicks, VP of Marketing             +1-855-562-4282 press@kochava.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/kochava-announced-as-an-app-attribution-partner-with-google-300459706.html SOURCE Kochava Related Links http://www.kochava.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsLicensing Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bellatrix Reports Voting Results from 2017 Annual and Special Meeting and Details of Common Share Consolidation Next PostNext At 6.80% CAGR, Global Mineral Wool Market Size & Share Will Reach USD 14.65 Billion by 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Next-generation Battery Market 2017 Industry Key Players, Trends, Sales,Supply,Demand,Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Telkom Indonesia Wins Grand Stevie® Award as Organization of Year in 2017 Asia-Pacific Stevie Awards Konica Minolta Launches Accurio Brand in Asia with AccurioPress C2070 series IPC Collaborates with OneAsia to Provide Financial Market Connectivity into China Dynamic Q1 for Tickmill with Record Trading Volume and New Features Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Kochava Announced as an App Attribution Partner with Google SANDPOINT, Idaho, May 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Kochava (www.kochava.com), an industry leader providing holistic measurement solutions for connected devices, announces their integration with Google. Kochava customers will easily measure the campaigns they run on the search engine giant. Kochava has made product changes that will benefit marketers using Google's app campaigns, which enable them to reach consumers across Google Search, YouTube, Google Play, and the Google Display Network, using a single campaign type. With the announcement of Kochava as an App Attribution Partner with Google, marketers will have a new way to track and manage their app campaigns. The new integration will drastically reduce the complexity and setup time of campaigns and allow marketers to run them in just a few simple steps. "Having had the great privilege to work with the Google team for over five years running, I can unconditionally state that the new API capabilities provide a whole other level of transparency," said Charles Manning, CEO of Kochava. "These new product enhancements didn't just raise the bar, they redefine the meaning of transparency in the digital advertising ecosystem. Hats off to Google for their genuine commitment to supporting third-party measurement throughout the product line." Marketers can soon leverage the power of the new measurement capabilities on all of their AdWords app campaigns, including: Simplified tracker setup Property-specific reporting segmentation Supports Re-engagement Attribution One-step postback configuration Never before has there been a better and more reliable way to measure and ensure consistent ad performance data from Google. About Kochava Kochava (www.kochava.com) offers a unique, holistic and unbiased analytics platform to plan, target, measure and optimize media spend. The Kochava Unified Audience Platform for mobile and connected devices combines potent features and global coverage with thousands of network and publisher integrations, allowing marketers to target audiences and measure campaign performance with precision. Real-time customizable visualizations give users fluid access to a full spectrum of data points, providing robust segmentation capabilities and real-time actionability. Yielding the most powerful tools in the ecosystem, Kochava is chosen by brands across industry verticals to measure the largest and most sophisticated ad campaigns. Follow Kochava on social media: Facebook / Twitter / LinkedIn    Media Contact: Jason Hicks, VP of Marketing             +1-855-562-4282 press@kochava.com     SOURCE Kochava CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Computer Software, Computer/ Electronics, Licensing/Marketing Agreements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Cryolys® Evolution: modulo di raffreddamento integrato progettato per l’omogeneizzatore Precellys® Evolution Next PostNext Wells Fargo to Present at the Deutsche Bank Seventh Annual Global Financial Services Conference Search Recent Posts Focusky Announces the Release of Free PowerPoint Presentation Maker Hyperlocal Services Market to Expansion at Steady Growth Rate 2016-2026 Almaden Files Pre-Feasibility Study of the Ixtaca Gold-Silver Project, Mexico PSYCHIATRIST WRITES BOOK TO HELP CURE PAST TRAUMAS WITH THE HELP OF HIS EXPERTISE AND PUTTING GOD IN THEIR LIVES. The Samsung Galaxy S8 Next Generation Smartphone Now Available to Flow Customers Across the Caribbean Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
null
TRENDING CES 2017 MicroCap Donald Trump MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations Navigate Zennie62 Personalities, Zennie Abraham Forward Looking Statements Disclaimer YT Comic Con Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KIV LA LV BH LON NFL Oakland Obama NYC MIA Phil SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rates LOG Live FLS Android O is shaping up to be exactly what Android needs – The Verge Posted on May 17 2017 - 7:18pm by Zennie Abraham Categorized as News 13 Tagged as news Related Senators chase Penguins goalie Marc-Andre Fleury in Game 3 rout – USA TODAY The Verge Today’s Google I/O presentation was as wide-ranging as the company’s various ventures into future technology, though the biggest cheers of excitement were inevitably reserved for Android. I just got my first taste of Google’s next iteration, codenamed … Here’s everything Google announced at its big I/O conferenceBusiness Insider What You Should Care About From Google’s I/O ConferenceBloomberg Google I/O highlights new products and servicesThe Mercury News Recode –Gizmodo –AppleInsider (press release) (blog) –USA TODAY all 888 news articles …read more Source:: Top Stories By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Cleveland - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - SF Events San Francisco - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Join Our Email List Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Zennie62 on YouTube Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Click For The Vrypac Backpack Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube New Oakland Raiders Las Vegas NFL Stadium Lease Agreement Just Posted At 3 AM EST Cavs Over Celtics, NFL Oakland Raiders Update, Robert Muller On Russia As Robert Muller Named Special Counsel For Russia, Trump Says No Collusion In Statement Oakland Raiders Las Vegas NFL Stadium Seeks Sub-Contractors Says CMD Website President Trump Using Boeing C-32 757 As Air Force One Today Proposed Right To Remove Law For Social Media A Good Idea Warriors 136 Spurs 100 - Will Golden State Sweep San Antonio? Livestream Oakland Raiders Las Vegas NFL Lease 1st Doc Done, 11 Not - 2020 Opening Iffy Comey Memo Says Trump Asked Him To End Flynn Investigation Boston Celtics Beat Washington Wizards 115-105, Play Cleveland Wednesday NBA Playoffs ECF Boston Celtics Beat Washington Wizards 115-105, Play Cleveland Wednesday NBA Playoffs ECF http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu. Recent Comments labman57 on Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege – Miss USA 2017 – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Rod Harrell on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Zennie Abraham on Mayor Schaaf Announces Plan To Take Oakland Raiders By Eminent Domain (LS) – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Did Oakland Raiders Owner Mark Davis Lie About Coliseum Lease, Las Vegas Decision, At NFL Meeting? – @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
Edition: India     HOME NATIONAL WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Science  • Technology •  Computer Industry Internet newsR > Technology > Google I/O 2017 Live: Google Assistant comes to the iPhone, reaches 100 million users on Android Google I/O 2017 Live: Google Assistant comes to the iPhone, reaches 100 million users on Android Wednesday, 17 May 2017 (13 hours ago) On Day 1 of Google I/O, Google announced that its AI-based Google Assistant will now be available on iOS. iPhone users will be able to open up the Google App, press the voice button, and speak to the Assistant, just like they use Siri. Additionally, Google Assistant has also been extended to Google Home and Android TV. Users can now just command their TV to play specific videos from a specific website, and Google Assistant with its AI capabilities and machine learning prowess would make it happen. Google Assistant is already available on the Pixel smartphone, other Android smartphone, and Android Wears, and has now reached a presence of 100 million Android devices. ALSO READ: Google I/O 2017: 2 billion active smartphones » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Wochit Tech - 8 hours ago< > Embed What To Know About Google's Daydream VR 00:32 Daydream is Google's latest attempt to bring virtual reality to mobile devices and at Google IO 2017, the company announced some significant moves forward with the project. Daydream is definitely different from Google Cardboard -- the disposable VR headset that was aimed at getting people interested... Recent related news Google Assistant on iPhone: Why it's a game changer for Android TechRadar 3 hours ago - TechnologyAlso reported by •Reuters India •TUAW •BGR India •DNA Google I/O 2017 Live: Android O announced, here’s all you need to knowAs we all expected, on the first day of the I/O 2017 developer conference, Google has officially announced the new iteration of the Android operating system.... BGR India 12 hours ago - TechnologyAlso reported by •DNA Huawei Watch users receiving Android Wear 2.0 updateHuawei had launched the second generation of its smartwatch collection at this year’s MWC 2017 expo. The Huawei Watch 2 and Huawei Watch Classic 2 were... BGR India 1 week ago - Technology Google I/O 2017: Google Photos just became intelligent, introduces physical photo albums  Google kicked off I/O 2017 by announcing that there are over 500 million active users on Google Photos who are uploading 1.2 billion photos onto the platform... BGR India 12 hours ago - Technology Apple’s iPhone Records 92% Loyalty Rate Before iPhone 8 Release, Study FindsInvestment bank Morgan Stanley recently published a study, which reveals that 92% of iPhone users who could upgrade within the next 12 months, are interested in... Softpedia 44 minutes ago - Technology You Might Like Other recent news in Technology Google Assistant is coming to ANDROID TV later this year ANDROID O has emoji you'll actually recognize You can buy stuff with GOOGLE ASSISTANT now GOOGLE HOME will handle your phone calls too HTC Vive and Lenovo are developing standalone DAYDREAM VR headsets Lenovo and HTC will sell Google standalone VR HEADSETS later this year that don't need phones or computers (GOOG, GOOGL) GOOGLE PHOTOS for iOS gets Mother's Day movie feature, three days after Mother's Day QUALCOMM SUES iPhone suppliers to get to Apple’s money STAR TREK: Discovery: all the trailers, commentary, and updates for the new TV series AMAZON REFRESHES Fire tablets and adds new Fire HD 8 Kids Edition Twitter shalini7 RT @CNET: Whoa. @Google Assistant is now on #iPhone https://t.co/JeBn3cvWbw #io17 https://t.co/AGRQiG9cY2 14 minutes ago Futuriom At I/O, Google debuts new AI chip, new Assistant and Photos features, VR headset plans - SiliconANGLE (blog) https://t.co/altbwWLNBO 16 minutes ago Timothy Munden Google Assistant On IPhone, AI Chips, Lens: Everything You Need To Know About Google's New Tech https://t.co/7UTksVjUMP #Technology 18 minutes ago KH Yeo RT @raunakdembla: Conversational P2P payments on Google assistant. Woohoo! :D can't live at a more exciting time #IO17 #fintech #GoogleIO… 34 minutes ago India Fone RT @expresstechie: Meet Photo Books: Google's take on the printed photo book https://t.co/2APbcm5skr #Googleio2017 1 hour ago News Now Live Google launches Google Assistant on the iPhone - https://t.co/jqFQIooZsc https://t.co/6ZctdFygii 1 hour ago Facebook Page People Donald Trump Robert Mueller Current Topics Reema Lagoo Anil Madhav Dave Kulbhushan Jadhav Trump Russia Former FBI Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Fancy A Free Castle? Get Yourself To Italy - But Read The Small Print What Is 'Warm Neptune'? Is Trump Firing His Entire Team? Six.. Interesting.. Movie Choices You Could Make This Summer What The NHS Hack Means For You And Your PC Portugal Storm To Victory In Eurovision Song Contest Here Comes The Summer - Five Big Movies To Look Out For Should The UK Leave Eurovision As Well As Europe? Environmentally friendly: newsR is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 newsR / One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Google IO 2017 Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Make your own Google Home commands with new shortcuts setting Newsby Edgar Cervantes6 hours ago 2 46 9 Google Home is a great tool for pulling information, consuming media and controlling your smart products, but it can feel almost robotic. You have to be pretty straight forward with your commands. This is all changing with the introduction of Google Assistant Shortcuts, though. Don’t want to tell Google Home to “turn off all the lights”? Maybe saying something like “time to sleep” feels more suitable, and this is what this new feature allows you to do. It is possible thanks to the implementation of IFTTT support, which was discovered by the Android Police team a few weeks ago, during an app teardown. These lines of code meant nothing until today, when the capability was finally switched on. See also: Google Home review – the future of the home? November 18, 2016 While the full IFTTT app allows for an endless amount of customization, Google Home’s version of the service is much simpler. It almost feels like the only improvement is that you can set your own name to certain actions. For example, you could have Google home display old photos when you are “feeling melancholic”, or play dancing music when it’s “time to party”. The truth is we would expect more from a feature like this. Ideally, one would be able to perform multiple actions at once. For example “Get romantic” could dim the lights, turn them to a specific color, play some lovely music and set the thermostat to a comfortable setting. One can only dream, but hopefully this feature will eventually evolve into something like this. Regardless, it’s a cool little treat. Simply go to the Google Home app and access Google Assistant > More settings > Shortcuts. From here you can select popular shortcuts or create your very own. What do you guys think of these Google Assistant Shortcuts? Do you also wish they could be more elaborated? Hit the comments to share your 2 cents! News Google Home Google Home  Android Police Edgar Cervantes Edgar Cervantes has over 5 years of experience in tech journalism. Exploring the latest gadgets and constantly studying the industry are part of is daily drive. Regardless of what he is working on, you can be sure he is always trying his best to bring you the best content. He will be dead honest and will bend to nothing. Show 2 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   LG G6 International Giveaway! 4 days ago37 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Kochava Announced as an App Attribution Partner with Google News provided by Kochava 01:46 BST Share this article SANDPOINT, Idaho, May 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Kochava (www.kochava.com), an industry leader providing holistic measurement solutions for connected devices, announces their integration with Google. Kochava customers will easily measure the campaigns they run on the search engine giant. Kochava has made product changes that will benefit marketers using Google's app campaigns, which enable them to reach consumers across Google Search, YouTube, Google Play, and the Google Display Network, using a single campaign type. With the announcement of Kochava as an App Attribution Partner with Google, marketers will have a new way to track and manage their app campaigns. The new integration will drastically reduce the complexity and setup time of campaigns and allow marketers to run them in just a few simple steps. "Having had the great privilege to work with the Google team for over five years running, I can unconditionally state that the new API capabilities provide a whole other level of transparency," said Charles Manning, CEO of Kochava. "These new product enhancements didn't just raise the bar, they redefine the meaning of transparency in the digital advertising ecosystem. Hats off to Google for their genuine commitment to supporting third-party measurement throughout the product line." Marketers can soon leverage the power of the new measurement capabilities on all of their AdWords app campaigns, including: Simplified tracker setup Property-specific reporting segmentation Supports Re-engagement Attribution One-step postback configuration Never before has there been a better and more reliable way to measure and ensure consistent ad performance data from Google. About Kochava Kochava (www.kochava.com) offers a unique, holistic and unbiased analytics platform to plan, target, measure and optimize media spend. The Kochava Unified Audience Platform for mobile and connected devices combines potent features and global coverage with thousands of network and publisher integrations, allowing marketers to target audiences and measure campaign performance with precision. Real-time customizable visualizations give users fluid access to a full spectrum of data points, providing robust segmentation capabilities and real-time actionability. Yielding the most powerful tools in the ecosystem, Kochava is chosen by brands across industry verticals to measure the largest and most sophisticated ad campaigns. Follow Kochava on social media: Facebook / Twitter / LinkedIn    Media Contact: Jason Hicks, VP of Marketing             +1-855-562-4282 press@kochava.com Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/458978/Kochava_Logo.jpg SOURCE Kochava Related Links http://www.kochava.com 20 Apr, 2017, 11:00 BST Preview: Leading Measurement Provider, Kochava, Disrupting Industry with Free App Analytics My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 20 Apr, 2017, 11:00 BSTLeading Measurement Provider, Kochava, Disrupting Industry with... 06 Apr, 2017, 11:00 BSTDefine and Eliminate Mobile Ad Fraud--Kochava Releases the Fraud... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Computer Software Advertising Licensing You just read: Kochava Announced as an App Attribution Partner with Google News provided by Kochava 01:46 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Google is doing deep surgery on Android The search giant's mobile software runs on 2 billion devices. Its next job: Getting those devices on the latest version -- and trying to reach a billion more. Tech Industry by Richard Nieva May 17, 2017 11:18 AM PDT @richardjnieva 5 new features on Android O Google's Android O has several new features that aim to give you a more fluid phone experience, including picture in picture and faster copy and paste. 3:22 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF In 2006, Andy Rubin -- who created Google's Android software -- showed an early demo of his mobile operating system to Hiroshi Lockheimer, then a 31-year-old college dropout he hoped to hire at Google. It was two years before Android's official debut, and that first demo was crude. It was on a candybar of a phone, the HTC Tornado, with a small screen and a physical keypad. "It didn't look anything like Android does today," Lockheimer, now Android's chief, tells me in a conference room with a glass wall overlooking Google's campus in Mountain View, California. "It was nowhere near [version] 1.0 ... but it just felt so tantalizing." Android has since become the most popular mobile OS on the planet. On Wednesday, at Google's annual I/O developer conference, the company announced Android now runs on 2 billion devices, up from 1.4 billion in 2015. (By comparison, Apple's iOS software runs on nearly 1.7 billion iPhones and iPads.) Hiroshi Lockheimer, Android's chief, is trying to fight off fragmentation. James Martin/CNET Android isn't just on phones. It's also in cars, watches, TVs and, in the age of internet-connected everything, random devices like security cameras, fridges and routers. That's why Google is touting new figures about each of its Android offshoots. Android Autos, its in-car dashboard software, runs on 300 models, including cars from Volvo and Audi. Android Wear, software tailored for wearable tech, is in almost 50 watches, from brands like Movado and Emporio Armani. Android TV boasts 1 million activations every two months and has more than 3,000 TV apps. And Android Things, Google's platform for the burgeoning "internet of things" has "thousands" of developers in 60 countries. Spreading the gospel of Android is crucial for Lockheimer and Google CEO Sundar Pichai because the OS is the gateway drug to the company's services, including Google Maps, Gmail, YouTube and its iconic search engine. To broaden Android's scope, Google set its sights on everything -- from staking a place in your living room to reaching people in remote countries, where entire populations are just coming online. But even with Android's polished resume, Lockheimer has a problem -- especially as Google and Apple keep jostling for supremacy. Asked what the 10th anniversary of the iPhone means to him, he says, "Nothing. It's great to have really capable competitors." That milestone doesn't matter because, he says, "Every year we're competing with Apple." David Burke, vice president of engineering for Android, says Project Treble is a "profound change" for Android. James Martin/CNET I buy that in part because it's not about getting Android on phones. Google already dominates in that department. Almost nine out of every 10 smartphones shipped worldwide run on Android. The problem is getting the newest version of Android in people's hands. Literally. If you have an Android phone, it's a mathematical likelihood you're using an old version of the software. Only about 7 percent of all Android users currently have the most recent version, called Nougat, installed on their devices. A whopping 82 percent of Android owners are on three older versions: Marshmallow, Lollipop and KitKat. The oldest of those, KitKat, was released in 2013. (By comparison, Apple's most recent version of its mobile software, iOS 10, has found its way onto 79 percent of all iPhones and iPads.) For the uninitiated, Google's got a sweet tooth when it comes to naming major Android releases. They're in alphabetical order, and all have a confectionary namesake (KitKat is Lockheimer's favorite candy). Now Google is sharing new details about the next version, which for now is nicknamed "Android O." The goal: Getting more people to adopt the software so it doesn't end up being more like "Android Ohhh yeah I remember when they announced it, but what happened?" Part of Google's plan is something called Project Treble, which tries to clear away some of the roadblocks between consumers and new versions of Android. "Treble is literally the deepest surgery we've done on Android to date," says David Burke, vice president of engineering for Android. "It's a pretty profound change." Operation Android To understand the solution, you first have to understand the problem. Android suffers from a pesky condition the industry calls "fragmentation." (Bear with me. This is going to get a little wonky.) Though Google develops the software, it's up to device makers and wireless carriers to sign off on it before it gets to you. That's because they usually add their own apps and flourishes then have to test everything before putting it on phones and other gadgets. But even before the software gets to handset makers such as Samsung and LG, or carriers such as Verizon and AT&T, it makes a pit stop with chipmakers. "Treble is literally the deepest surgery we've done on Android to date." David Burke, vice president of engineering for Android One of the targets of Project Treble is those chipmakers, which include companies like Qualcomm. The chipmakers customize bits of Android code to make sure the software works well with their processors. This can be tricky because the code is interspersed throughout Android's framework. More from Google I/O 2017 Android O, Google Lens and VR: Everything important from Google I/O Google Photo's AI is better at sharing your photos than you are 5 ways Google Home just got better See all Google I/O 2017 news At least, it used to be. With Project Treble, Google separated out the particular code that chipmakers care about to make it easier for them to find everything in one place. That should cut the amount of time it takes for updates to flow down the pipeline from chipmakers to device makers. "The goal here is, can we cut down the number of months it takes from when there's a new version of Android to the time it gets to users?" says Burke. "Ultimately it's trying to make it easier -- grease the wheels of the whole ecosystem." Still, it's not a silver bullet. While Project Treble addresses the first part of the pipeline, handset makers and carriers can still take as much time as they want before pushing out Android updates. That's because hardware manufacturers might not find it profitable to update your phone, says Jan Dawson, principal analyst at JackDaw Research. If you get fed up with your outdated software, you could end up buying a whole new phone. "They have mixed incentives," he says. Lockheimer thinks Project Treble is a big deal, but he also takes a tempered view of its impact. "It doesn't mean automatic updates are going to happen," he says. "It's still work. And someone needs to do that work." Vital signs With Android O, officially released later this summer, Google focused on the "fundamentals," Lockheimer tells me. That's things like speed, performance and battery life. Google calls these "vitals," which is especially apt given all its talk about "deep surgery" for Android. One thing Google did to conserve your phone's battery life is limit what developers can do with apps running in the background. As an example, it's put more restrictions on what an app can do with location services or launching into specific tasks. "If your battery goes out at 4 p.m., it doesn't matter what features your phone has," says Stephanie Saad Cuthbertson, director of product management for Android. Google said it worked closely with app developers to strike a balance between what was good for the app and what was good for users. The company is also introducing a new feature on Wednesday called Google Play Protect, which will let people see how Google uses machine learning to scan apps to make sure they won't harm your phone with viruses or malware. But Google is trying to fix more than just the plumbing. Android O will show off a bunch of new features to the 7,200 developers expected to attend I/O over the next three days. There's a new smart copy-and-paste feature that seems particularly interesting. When you highlight text in an article or text message, for instance, Android will automatically detect if it's an address or a proper noun. If it's an address, the software will highlight the entire address, so you don't have to. And instead of merely suggesting actions such as "copy" or "select all," it may suggest a map. If you select a phone number, expect to see the phone dialer. Google is also bringing autofill features to Android, similar to how they work on browsers. If you enter your login information in an app, your phone will ask if you want to save your password or username. The next time you try logging into an app, you'll be given the choice to autofill the information. (The text box will turn yellow, just like it does on Google's Chrome browser.) Another feature is picture-in-picture, which had been available for Android TV but not on phones. It's not just for videos. Burke says the company is also working on a version for Google Maps. That means you can see a small map at the corner of your screen if you want to switch apps to, say, play a song or look up a restaurant on Yelp. Living room dreams "Can we turn off those lights?" We're in a tiny room at Google's sprawling headquarters that has been set up to look like a living room. There's a TV, a couch, a coffee table and some floor lamps. As CNET's video crew sets up for a shot, one of our cameramen worries the room is too bright. When he asks to kill the lights, Sascha Prueter, director of Android TV, says, "Actually, that's a good demo." "Turn out the lights," he says, speaking into a video game controller. The lights go out. The crew cheers. Android TV has a new interface that puts movies and shows front and center. James Martin/CNET It's part of the the newest updates to Android TV, Google's software for powering set-top boxes and other TV devices, including the Nvidia Shield, which Prueter is using for the demo. It may seem a little odd to ask your TV to turn off the lights, but the company wants interactions like this to become second nature to you. Pichai unveiled Google's digital helper, called the Assistant, at last year's I/O. It's designed to compete with Amazon's Alexa, Apple's Siri and Microsoft's Cortana. The Assistant can do things like play songs, give you flight information or tell you the weather. With the Assistant on Android TV, you'll be able to check on things like an internet-connected security camera or use your voice to search for a particular actor on YouTube. When you highlight text in Android, a new feature gives you more options than just "copy" and "paste." Google The user interface for Android TV is getting a revamp too. Content will be front and center now, while you previously had to open up an app first. You'll also see a preview or snippet of a show or movie as you're scrolling through a list of options and rest the selector over a particular title. This is only the latest phase in the company's assault on your living room. Google already has Chromecasts for streaming video and audio, Google Wi-Fi routers for creating a strong home network and Google Home, a smart speaker with the Assistant built in. Home is meant to take on the Amazon Echo, which was a surprise hit when it was released two years ago. Your home is fast becoming one of the fiercest battlegrounds in Silicon Valley. Besides the brawl between Google and Amazon, Apple offers its HomeKit software for iOS and is rumored to be readying its own smart speaker. Microsoft just announced it will build Cortana into speakers with the help of outside device makers. And while Facebook hasn't announced any plans to enter the market, CEO Mark Zuckerberg spent all of last year building his own digital butler, named Jarvis. Adding the Assistant to Android TV is another Trojan horse for Google's digital helper. Prueter said the company is even working on versions of the service that work when the TV is off. That way, you might buy a Google Home for your kitchen, but use your Android TV in the living room. If Google gets its way, you'll eventually have multiple devices in your home, all equipped with the Assistant. It could get confusing -- and annoying -- if you try to talk to one device by saying the "OK Google" command and trigger every other Assistant-enabled device. Google is working on a fix for that problem, but it's not ready yet. Prueter says software will be able to deduce which device you're talking to by measuring things like voice clarity and distance. Go, Android, Go Google also has big plans in emerging markets to help it extend Android's reach. With a new initiative, internally nicknamed Android Go, it's working to make the mobile software cater to people with entry-level phones. That's not the first time it's tried to appeal to the wider market. Two years ago, it had a similar effort called Android One. But that focused on the device instead of the software. Android One initially launched in countries including India, Indonesia and the Philippines, where Google partnered with local manufacturers to build quality phones that were also affordable. Sameer Samat , vice president of product management, said 'Android Go' is about making Android work better for entry-level phones. James Martin/CNET But the focus has since shifted to address issues such as making sure Android phones get regular security updates, says Sameer Samat, vice president of product management for Android and Google Play. And the program focuses on the entire range of the market now, not just the low end. "While hardware is half the story, the software also has to be tuned for the needs of users that have limited data connectivity," Samat says. Most of the people who will use Android Go will probably be on prepaid data plans. So the software has a dashboard front and center where you can track all the data you've used and see what you still have available. It also has a special version of the Google Play store that prominently features apps that work better with entry-level phones. Of everything Android is announcing this year, Lockheimer says Android Go is his favorite because of what it represents: bringing computing to everyone. "To introduce a lot of new people to smartphones in a good way is something that's pretty exciting," he says. Kind of like when he first saw Android on that bulky phone 11 years ago. 32 All the cool stuff Google announced at I/O CNET Magazine: Check out a sampling of the stories you'll find in CNET's newsstand edition, right here. Life, disrupted: In Europe, millions of refugees are still searching for a safe place to settle. Tech should be part of the solution. But is it? CNET investigates. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Google I/O 2017 Tech Industry Google Alphabet Inc. CNET First Take Google Android O The new software digs deep in an effort to make Android faster and smoother. See it Google I/O 2017 All the news from the annual Google I/O event, including the latest on Android. May 18 Google Assistant wants to be the next Venmo May 18 Hell froze over: Google Assistant is on the iPhone May 18 Find your lost Android device with Google's Find My Device May 17 How Google injects speed into the mobile web All Google I/O 2017 Stories More stories San Francisco considers ban on sidewalk delivery robots 5 things we didn't get at Google I/O Google I/O gives a look at Android's future (The 3:59, Ep. 229) Google's Android now powers more than 2 billion devices Close   Discuss: Google is doing deep surgery on Android Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Why Android is likely safe from a WannaCry-like attack CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Android O, Google Lens and VR: Everything important from Google I/O At its annual developers conference, Google highlighted how its machine learning and AI technologies informed improvements across all its platforms. In other words, Google Assistant just got a lot smarter and more useful. Phones by Lori Grunin May 17, 2017 12:18 PM PDT @LoriGrunin Google Lens is smart enough to identify flower species A new Assistant feature in Google Lens can identify what you're looking at and suggest actions. 1:32 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF What's Google got in store for us in 2017 and beyond? We tuned in to its Google I/O developer conference on its 10th anniversary to bring you the lowdown. Unlike the hardware-centric announcements of last October, I/O focuses mostly on software and how to to get the most out of those devices. In the beginning there was the recap -- essentially AI and machine-learning everywhere -- and the numbers. No surprise: there are a lot of Android devices, out there and we spend a lot of time and bandwidth using Google services. And in a random comment, Google announced that Gmail gets the smart reply feature that's been available in Inbox and other services for a while. The company announced several new efforts. Google.ai is a spinoff division to encompass learning systems, research tools and applied AI to inform all of its work, including an AI that can build more AIs. Google Lens is a new recognition engine that enables intelligent mixed reality -- performing text and object recognition and feeding it into other apps to act upon, such as using the camera to view your router serial numbers and automatically provide related links. And it finally announced Google Jobs, its platform to bring its contextual intelligence power to making it easier to find the jobs you're looking for. 32 All the cool stuff Google announced at I/O Android O Google released the developer preview of Android O in March, but a lot can change in a few months. Today we saw the official version of Android O, along with its new Android Go, a slimmed-down, less-demanding version of the operating system to power devices in emerging markets. We did get demos of picture-in-picture, Notification Dots, smart copy-and-paste, and other features to streamline your phone use, and improve speed and security. Developers can sign up for the beta today. 5 new features on Android O Google's Android O has several new features that aim to give you a more fluid phone experience, including picture in picture and faster copy and paste. 3:22 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF Google Home Google Home, its smart speaker for Google Assistant, gets tons of new features. It now will have "proactive assistance," otherwise known as push notifications, hands-free free calling (outgoing only, to start), Spotify integration (as well as SoundCloud and Deezer) and Bluetooth support. It can launch HBO Now as well. Visual Responses will send information to a relevant device for display, such as directions to your phone, or a calendar to your Chromecast for display on your TV; it's also a way to let you interact with streaming services without having to talk to your TV. The question remains, though: is what we've seen today for Google Home enough to close the gap with the Smart Home-hub leader Amazon Echo? It may get a leg up on that if Android TV gains more traction, since Google Assistant voice control is coming to that platform. More from Google I/O 2017 Android O, Google Lens and VR: Everything important from Google I/O Google Photo's AI is better at sharing your photos than you are 5 ways Google Home just got better See all Google I/O 2017 news Google Assistant Google's competitor to Amazon Echo is just a year old; even younger if you start counting from when the first hardware product, Google Home, first became available. And it looks like the best smart-home-assistant plan at the moment is to speak a lot of different tech dialects. But Google Assistant has recently added support for Whirlpool and GE appliances. Search and Google Assistant also get a boost from the company's machine learning progress. Now you can type into Assistant on your phone and it will be able to converse with you about what you show it through Google Lens' eye (the camera), such as helping you with translations. Assistant is now available on iOS, and Google released a developer's kit to bring it to a whole bunch of other devices. Actions on Google will allow developers to deliver the ability to perform transactions from request to receipt. Google Assistant will take your lunch order Google Assistant now lets you make and pay for transactions just by talking to your phone. 1:11 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF Google Photos Google wants to push you to share more, adding Suggested Sharing to Google Photos to remind you to share and recommend who to share with, plus a feed of shared images. And it works on iOS. Shared Libraries automatically saves photos from a group of people, and you can set intelligent rules based on content for adding to your instance. And now it will be able to automatically select photos to create photo books. Google Lens is being integrated into Photos for example, to help identify places and bring up information about them. VR and AR Following its Daydream View phone-based headset from last year, which has garnered new phone partners, Google announced an unnamed Daydream-compatible headset that doesn't require a phone -- a standalone wireless VR headset with built-in positional tracking. We'll see devices later this year. It also mentioned its visual positioning service, which uses Project Tango technology to locate yourself indoors to a finer degree than GPS. YouTube The ability to stream live and prerecorded YouTube 360 videos will be coming soon to the YouTube app on your smart TV. Previously announced Super Chat, which lets you throw money at the person running a livestream, will now let you make stuff happen in real life. Not everything we saw or heard about today will become a success, though. If you need proof, take a look at these past Google I/O flops. But that's just the 30,000-foot view of what the tech behemoth showed us today, for a 100-foot view, read our interview with some of Google's decisionmakers. And, of course, you'll be able to find our continuing 3-foot views from our people on the ground in Mountain View for our continuing coverage of the three-day Google I/O conference. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Google I/O 2017 Phones Smart Home Operating Systems Internet Services Google Google I/O 2017 All the news from the annual Google I/O event, including the latest on Android. May 18 Google Assistant wants to be the next Venmo May 18 Hell froze over: Google Assistant is on the iPhone May 18 Find your lost Android device with Google's Find My Device May 17 How Google injects speed into the mobile web All Google I/O 2017 Stories More stories Find your lost Android device with Google's Find My Device With Android O, you may never have to download another app again 5 reasons to ditch iOS Photos for Google Photos Best Phones of 2017 Close   Discuss: Android O, Google Lens and VR: Everything... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Why Android is likely safe from a WannaCry-like attack CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español How Google injects speed into the mobile web A technology called progressive web apps is making websites less pokey on your phone. It's proving its worth with Twitter and Lancôme. Mobile by Stephen Shankland May 17, 2017 4:00 PM PDT @stshank Google is pushing for a faster mobile web experience. Brooks Kraft/Getty Images Google has tried for years to rehabilitate the web on your phone -- and it now has evidence it says shows the effort is paying off. When you're on your phone, tapping that link in Facebook to a news story or opening the browser to look up movie times can be a wince-inducing process. Even on a fast network with a high-end phone, the web today can be painfully slow and hard to use. More from Google I/O 2017 Android O, Google Lens and VR: Everything important from Google I/O Google Photo's AI is better at sharing your photos than you are 5 ways Google Home just got better See all Google I/O 2017 news A key part of fixing that is a programming movement called progressive web apps, or PWAs, that Google helped develop and that it's now promoting at its Google I/O developer conference. With PWAs, using the web can be a lot more like using a native app. Websites load fast, work even when there's no network connection, and notify you when a message arrives. One big example: the new Twitter Lite website that arrived for mobile devices in April. People use it 50 percent more than the earlier version, and when they do, they view 60 percent more pages, Google says. The new website loads 30 percent faster, and people ditch it 10 percent less. It's an important development for easier access to the internet. The web, controlled by no single company, weakens barriers between different territories in the tech world. Whether you're on Microsoft's Windows computers or Apple's Macs or Google's Android phones, you still browse the internet. But if the web sucks, it can't lift us above those divisions. The web helps open the door to new areas in computing -- virtual reality, augmented reality, cars, smart TVs, voice-operated speakers with video screens like Amazon's new Echo Show. The web levels the playing field, making it easier for new innovators to gain a foothold. And if you want to switch from a Mac to a Windows PC or vice-versa, the web smooths your way. Google's "progressive" approach Don't expect to dump your native apps for progressive web apps. But do expect them to spread. "The modern mobile web has gone mainstream," said Rahul Roy-Chowdhury, the Google vice president leading Chrome browser work at Google. Roy-Chowdhury unveiled new progressive web app plans at Google I/O on Wednesday. At the show, he's announcing three steps to try to make PWAs work better. Google's Workbox developer tool is designed to help programmers build PWAs, and its Lighthouse service to test those apps is now built directly into Chrome itself. Lastly, Google has finished Polymer 2.0, a collection of code that developers can use for a related technology called web components. Twitter loves PWAs Twitter is a big progressive web app fan. If you visit mobile.twitter.com with your phone, you can try it for yourself. With a compact 400 kilobyte download size, Twitter Lite is just 2.5 percent the size of the Android app, Twitter said. That's an important consideration for people using slow networks or paying by the byte. It's also easier on phone batteries than the native version, according to the company. It also fires up quickly -- several seconds faster than the native app, once you've created a home screen icon for it. They're easier to install, too, since all you do is open the web site. It installs its full abilities automatically in the background as you use it. Chrome and Firefox have built in the foundations for progressive web app technology. Microsoft is building it into its Edge browser -- and into Windows 10 and the Windows Store, moves that should help encourage programmers to embrace PWAs. Illustrating the openness advantages of the web, Microsoft will add PWAs to the Windows Store even without developers having to submit them. Apple lags Among major browser makers, Apple is a step behind. That means the full PWA experience isn't an option today on iPhones, in particular because Apple requires other browsers like Chrome and Firefox to use Apple's own browser foundation on its iOS-powered devices. But even on iOS, app developers are taking what steps they can toward progressive web apps. French perfumier Lancôme needed a better e-commerce system for mobile devices and pondered writing a native app, but decided on PWA instead since it expected few people to bother with downloading, installing and launching a sales app. Apple didn't respond to a request for comment. The result, according to Google, was 53 percent more people using the mobile website on iOS. On all mobile devices, people were 17 percent more likely to take an action like actually buying something, according to Google's stats. You might not have a particular passion for Lancôme's profitability. But everybody likes technology that responds quickly. So chances are good that even if you don't know how somebody's app was built, you'll like PWAs as much as Lancôme. It's Complicated: This is dating in the age of apps. Having fun yet? These stories get to the heart of the matter. Tech Enabled: CNET chronicles tech's role in providing new kinds of accessibility. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Google I/O 2017 Mobile Google Microsoft Twitter Google I/O 2017 All the news from the annual Google I/O event, including the latest on Android. May 18 Google Assistant wants to be the next Venmo May 18 Hell froze over: Google Assistant is on the iPhone May 18 Find your lost Android device with Google's Find My Device May 17 How Google injects speed into the mobile web All Google I/O 2017 Stories More stories Google Assistant wants to be the next Venmo Hell froze over: Google Assistant is on the iPhone Google Photos is better at sharing your photos than you are Google Lens vision recognition tells you what you're looking at Close   Discuss: How Google injects speed into the mobile... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Why Android is likely safe from a WannaCry-like attack 5 new features on Android O Google's Android O has several new features that aim to give you a more fluid phone experience, including picture in picture and faster copy and paste. 3:22 New Apple laptops coming, Instagram Stories gets face filters The biggest tech headlines of the day include word that new Apple laptops are coming, Google's Assistant heading to iOS and Instagram Stories getting face-recognition filters. by Jeff Bakalar 1:08 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman First Data’s Clover Platform to Enable Android Pay’s Smart Tap NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Today First Data (NYSE: FDC) announced that its Clover platform will support Android Pay’s NFC-based smart tap messaging, making it available to developers. As part of the collaboration between First Data and Google, the Clover Customer Engagement Suite will support small businesses to better connect with customers during checkout and beyond. Clover’s integration with Android Pay was demonstrated live for the audience at today’s Google I/O 2017 conference in Mountain View, California. Android Pay’s smart tap NFC messaging and mobile wallet marketing capabilities allow businesses to bring loyalty programs, stored value cards, coupons, and other offers to mobile-connected consumers. Android Pay users can simply tap their phones at the point of sale to receive rewards based on their loyalty or coupons towards future purchases. Android Pay makes the loyalty process more seamless, so users and business owners can forego keeping track of punch cards, using a personal phone number or installing mobile apps. Offer and point redemptions can be enabled with a single tap of a user’s phone against a Clover terminal. “We are delighted to partner with Google to support smart tap. The technology provides a fantastic customer experience with clear benefits to business owners, especially as they seek to develop more impactful relationships with their customers,” said John Beatty, co-founder and general manager of Clover, a First Data company. “At Clover, our mission is to enable innovation in commerce and this newest collaboration with Google reflects that.” “We are excited to be working with Clover to enable brick and mortar merchants of all sizes to better engage and delight their mobile-connected customers,” said Pali Bhat, vice president of Product Management at Google. Clover Customer Engagement is a portfolio of apps that allows businesses to manage rewards, promotions, and customer feedback and data. With the integration of Clover Customer Engagement and smart tap, businesses can engage with customers and send offers directly to their Android Pay wallets. A key benefit for merchants is driving higher consumer enrollment rates, and ultimately converting new and casual customers into regulars. “Our work with Google is yet another great representation of how the Clover platform can be leveraged for value-added services like smart tap messaging,” said EJ Jackson, senior vice president, head of First Data’s Integrated Solutions Group. “As the platform continues to grow, we are excited to see it become a platform of choice for major technology companies and developers alike.” Android Pay’s smart tap messaging will be made available to developers and merchants later this year. To learn more, visit Clover.com/integrations. About First Data First Data (NYSE: FDC) is a global leader in commerce-enabling technology and solutions, serving approximately six million business locations and 4,000 financial institutions in more than 100 countries around the world. The company’s 24,000 owner-associates are dedicated to helping companies, from start-ups to the world’s largest corporations, conduct commerce every day by securing and processing more than 2,800 transactions per second and $2.2 trillion per year. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Digital Camera Lenses Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext First Data’s Clover Platform to Enable Android Pay’s Smart Tap Search Recent Posts James Hardie Announces Adjusted Net Operating Profit of US$54.6 Million for Q4 Fiscal Year 2017 and US$248.6 Million for the Full Year Ended 31 March 2017 Global Fuel Cells Market – studied in detail with Influencing Factors, Uses, Applications, Key players, Trends and Forecasts 2017-2021 with growing CAGR Home Decorative Material Market – Industry Analysis, Market size, Share, Growth, Trend, Competitive Strategies, Worldwide Demand, forcast 2016 by QY Research Reports Hyaluronic Acid Products Market Is Expected To Reach USD 10,901.5 Mn By 2022, Expanding At A CAGR Of 8.1% From 2016 To 2022: Credence Research Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy Devices Market Is Expected To Reach USD 3,634.5 Mn By 2024, Expanding At A CAGR Of 6.8% From 2016 To 2024: Credence Research Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman First Data’s Clover Platform to Enable Android Pay’s Smart Tap NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Today First Data (NYSE: FDC) announced that its Clover platform will support Android Pay’s NFC-based smart tap messaging, making it available to developers. As part of the collaboration between First Data and Google, the Clover Customer Engagement Suite will support small businesses to better connect with customers during checkout and beyond. Clover’s integration with Android Pay was demonstrated live for the audience at today’s Google I/O 2017 conference in Mountain View, California. Android Pay’s smart tap NFC messaging and mobile wallet marketing capabilities allow businesses to bring loyalty programs, stored value cards, coupons, and other offers to mobile-connected consumers. Android Pay users can simply tap their phones at the point of sale to receive rewards based on their loyalty or coupons towards future purchases. Android Pay makes the loyalty process more seamless, so users and business owners can forego keeping track of punch cards, using a personal phone number or installing mobile apps. Offer and point redemptions can be enabled with a single tap of a user’s phone against a Clover terminal. “We are delighted to partner with Google to support smart tap. The technology provides a fantastic customer experience with clear benefits to business owners, especially as they seek to develop more impactful relationships with their customers,” said John Beatty, co-founder and general manager of Clover, a First Data company. “At Clover, our mission is to enable innovation in commerce and this newest collaboration with Google reflects that.” “We are excited to be working with Clover to enable brick and mortar merchants of all sizes to better engage and delight their mobile-connected customers,” said Pali Bhat, vice president of Product Management at Google. Clover Customer Engagement is a portfolio of apps that allows businesses to manage rewards, promotions, and customer feedback and data. With the integration of Clover Customer Engagement and smart tap, businesses can engage with customers and send offers directly to their Android Pay wallets. A key benefit for merchants is driving higher consumer enrollment rates, and ultimately converting new and casual customers into regulars. “Our work with Google is yet another great representation of how the Clover platform can be leveraged for value-added services like smart tap messaging,” said EJ Jackson, senior vice president, head of First Data’s Integrated Solutions Group. “As the platform continues to grow, we are excited to see it become a platform of choice for major technology companies and developers alike.” Android Pay’s smart tap messaging will be made available to developers and merchants later this year. To learn more, visit Clover.com/integrations. About First Data First Data (NYSE: FDC) is a global leader in commerce-enabling technology and solutions, serving approximately six million business locations and 4,000 financial institutions in more than 100 countries around the world. The company’s 24,000 owner-associates are dedicated to helping companies, from start-ups to the world’s largest corporations, conduct commerce every day by securing and processing more than 2,800 transactions per second and $2.2 trillion per year. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious First Data’s Clover Platform to Enable Android Pay’s Smart Tap Next PostNext Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy Devices Market Is Expected To Reach USD 3,634.5 Mn By 2024, Expanding At A CAGR Of 6.8% From 2016 To 2024: Credence Research Search Recent Posts Global Next-generation Battery Market 2017 Industry Key Players, Trends, Sales,Supply,Demand,Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Telkom Indonesia Wins Grand Stevie® Award as Organization of Year in 2017 Asia-Pacific Stevie Awards Konica Minolta Launches Accurio Brand in Asia with AccurioPress C2070 series IPC Collaborates with OneAsia to Provide Financial Market Connectivity into China Dynamic Q1 for Tickmill with Record Trading Volume and New Features Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Bluetooth streaming added to Google Home, now you can play anything Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/05/17 10:58am PDTMay 17, 2017 10 Plus 1 on G+ 52 Share on Facebook 38 Share on Twitter Total Shares100 Google Google Home News Videos Google’s Rishi Chandra took to the stage during Google's I/O keynote to talk about incoming features for Google Home. After announcing that some great free music services will be coming to the smart speaker — including Spotify, Deezer and SoundCloud — he also dropped the news that support for streaming over Bluetooth was incoming. This will apply to all existing Google Home devices and will allow you to play anything you want from any device that supports Bluetooth. This takes us from the fairly limited music offering that came before to being able to play almost anything through the device. If you'd been reluctant to use Google Home as a proper audio speaker before, this might well change things. Google's I/O keynote is still happening right now, and we'll be bringing you anything interesting as it comes in. Tags bluetooth Google google home io17 io2017 video subscribe ... Previous Story Google Home will soon support free Spotify accounts, plus SoundCloud and Deezer ... Next Story Google Home will now let you schedule calendar appointments, reminders coming soon Trending 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments SavageJeep I want Google Home to control my bluetooth home appliances. Nogib This is a welcome update! When I got my Google Home recently, I immediately noticed that in contrast to my Amazon Echo a direct bluetooth connection was very noticeably absent. This honestly should have been there from the beginning but at least Google is correcting it now. Christopher Bailey (Xcom923) I didn't even know home has bluetooth capabilities. Alejandro Google's products are half-cooked, always. Roy Not really metz2000 BT is on most chips nowadays, it's up to the software if it's enabled or not. Some chips have wake word support too, Google HTC U11. WretchedGenius I love my Google Home and have been very patient while they've slowly advanced its features, but when they announced that Bluetooth support would be released as a software update, it annoyed the crap out of me: The hardware has been there the whole time and they are just NOW going to turn it on?! Justin Myers Google OnHub has Bluetooth. It's still not turned on. It has a speaker too. Nicholas Conrad Wait, what? They Trojan horsed a BT radio in there this whole time? If I BT to home, can it then cast it's audio to my audio group? Cause otherwise that defeats the whole reason I replaced my bt speakers with cast-enabled ones in the first place... Lars Jeppesen Bt audio quality sucks dude.. metz2000 I'm waiting for being able to play the music I purchased from Google Play and what I uploaded to Play Music without a premium subscription. Follow Android Police 1.49M 469k 144k 115k Latest Deals 1 [Deal Alert] Celebrate the start of Google I/O with 9 temporarily free and 10 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/17 9:09am PDTMay 17, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $50 off the new HTC U11 with promo code 2017/05/17 3:40am PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 10 [Deal Alert] Get 20% off electronics on eBay with promo code 2017/05/16 4:18pm PDTMay 16, 2017 1 [Deal Alert] 23k gold-plated LG Watch Urbane Luxe is just $150 at B&H ($150+ off) 2017/05/15 9:01pm PDTMay 15, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 69 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 274 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 92 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 311 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 18 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 24 7 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/2/17 - 5/8/17) 2017/05/08 12:30pm PDTMay 8, 2017 9 21 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/26/17 - 5/2/17) 2017/05/02 5:43pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 YouTube mobile streaming is open to all, no longer has a subscriber requirement 2017/05/17 5:46pm PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Hands-on] Futurama Worlds of Tomorrow, a clone of a clone 2017/05/17 4:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 25 Any developer can now make Instant Apps for Android 2017/05/17 2:37pm PDTMay 17, 2017 20 The Google Home app now features customizable user-defined shortcuts for Assistant 2017/05/17 2:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 0 Google's education app Expeditions is getting a new AR mode 2017/05/17 1:17pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Blast from the Past 28 1 Year Ago Today Google Cast v1.15 Reveals A New Firmware Preview Program And Some Possible New Hardware Categories [APK Teardown] 2016/05/17 3:42pm PDTMay 17, 2016 70 2 Years Ago Today Popular Xposed Framework Module GravityBox Updated To Work With Android 5.1 2015/05/17 12:59pm PDTMay 17, 2015 26 3 Years Ago Today gReader Hits Version 3.7, Brings New Themes, Custom Notifications, And More 2014/05/17 6:50pm PDTMay 17, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today Facebook Pages Manager App Updated To 1.4 With Photo Albums, Drafts, And The Mighty Banhammer 2013/05/17 7:21pm PDTMay 17, 2013 255 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Verizon Clarifies] Verizon Will End Unlimited Data Grandfathering If You Buy A 4G Phone From This Summer Onward 2012/05/17 2:58pm PDTMay 17, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Vodafail: The Story Of The Stolen Xperia Play Shipment In New Zealand Is Fake, Just A [Tasteless] Marketing Ploy 2011/05/17 9:19pm PDTMay 17, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today Exclusive: Could These Features Be Coming To The Next-Next Generation Of Android Market? [Leaked Rumors] 2010/05/17 8:06pm PDTMay 17, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 104 [Update: Visa confirms, kinda] Android Pay launches seem imminent for Canada and Russia 2017/05/17 9:27am PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Amazon announces new $50 Fire 7 and $80 Fire HD 8 tablets, with kids models for both 2017/05/17 7:48am PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 7 Days 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 475 Netflix confirms it is blocking rooted/unlocked devices, app itself is still working (for now) 2017/05/13 3:08pm PDTMay 13, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 30 Days 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 119 queries | 0.289s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman First Data’s Clover Platform to Enable Android Pay’s Smart Tap NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Today First Data (NYSE: FDC) announced that its Clover platform will support Android Pay’s NFC-based smart tap messaging, making it available to developers. As part of the collaboration between First Data and Google, the Clover Customer Engagement Suite will support small businesses to better connect with customers during checkout and beyond. Clover’s integration with Android Pay was demonstrated live for the audience at today’s Google I/O 2017 conference in Mountain View, California. Android Pay’s smart tap NFC messaging and mobile wallet marketing capabilities allow businesses to bring loyalty programs, stored value cards, coupons, and other offers to mobile-connected consumers. Android Pay users can simply tap their phones at the point of sale to receive rewards based on their loyalty or coupons towards future purchases. Android Pay makes the loyalty process more seamless, so users and business owners can forego keeping track of punch cards, using a personal phone number or installing mobile apps. Offer and point redemptions can be enabled with a single tap of a user’s phone against a Clover terminal. “We are delighted to partner with Google to support smart tap. The technology provides a fantastic customer experience with clear benefits to business owners, especially as they seek to develop more impactful relationships with their customers,” said John Beatty, co-founder and general manager of Clover, a First Data company. “At Clover, our mission is to enable innovation in commerce and this newest collaboration with Google reflects that.” “We are excited to be working with Clover to enable brick and mortar merchants of all sizes to better engage and delight their mobile-connected customers,” said Pali Bhat, vice president of Product Management at Google. Clover Customer Engagement is a portfolio of apps that allows businesses to manage rewards, promotions, and customer feedback and data. With the integration of Clover Customer Engagement and smart tap, businesses can engage with customers and send offers directly to their Android Pay wallets. A key benefit for merchants is driving higher consumer enrollment rates, and ultimately converting new and casual customers into regulars. “Our work with Google is yet another great representation of how the Clover platform can be leveraged for value-added services like smart tap messaging,” said EJ Jackson, senior vice president, head of First Data’s Integrated Solutions Group. “As the platform continues to grow, we are excited to see it become a platform of choice for major technology companies and developers alike.” Android Pay’s smart tap messaging will be made available to developers and merchants later this year. To learn more, visit Clover.com/integrations. About First Data First Data (NYSE: FDC) is a global leader in commerce-enabling technology and solutions, serving approximately six million business locations and 4,000 financial institutions in more than 100 countries around the world. The company’s 24,000 owner-associates are dedicated to helping companies, from start-ups to the world’s largest corporations, conduct commerce every day by securing and processing more than 2,800 transactions per second and $2.2 trillion per year. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious James Hardie Announces Adjusted Net Operating Profit of US$54.6 Million for Q4 Fiscal Year 2017 and US$248.6 Million for the Full Year Ended 31 March 2017 Next PostNext Wells Fargo Closed-End Funds Declare Monthly and Quarterly Distributions Search Recent Posts Global Next-generation Battery Market 2017 Industry Key Players, Trends, Sales,Supply,Demand,Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Telkom Indonesia Wins Grand Stevie® Award as Organization of Year in 2017 Asia-Pacific Stevie Awards Konica Minolta Launches Accurio Brand in Asia with AccurioPress C2070 series IPC Collaborates with OneAsia to Provide Financial Market Connectivity into China Dynamic Q1 for Tickmill with Record Trading Volume and New Features Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google says Android O could make your phone reboot twice as fast - apps could see doubled speeds, too David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/05/17 1:11pm PDTMay 17, 2017 29 Plus 1 on G+ 163 Share on Facebook 65 Share on Twitter Total Shares257 Android O Android OS News Series: Android O Feature Spotlights This article is part of our Android O Feature Spotlights series.Previous ArticleShow AllNext Article ... 48 40. Android O feature spotlight: SMS authentication process gets streamlined 2017/05/15 7:44am PDTMay 15, 2017 55 41. Android O feature spotlight: Notification Dots put notifications on your icons 2017/05/17 12:24pm PDTMay 17, 2017 45 42. Google says Android O could make your phone reboot twice as fast - apps could see doubled speeds, too 2017/05/17 1:11pm PDTMay 17, 2017 70 43. Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 86 44. Android O feature spotlight: Quick settings are now grayscale, get some other small tweaks 2017/05/17 1:55pm PDTMay 17, 2017 ... View All 47 Articles In This Series During today's keynote at Google I/O, Google revealed a couple of interesting figures about the upcoming Android O release. Namely, it should be a lot faster in certain regards. Google says that the Pixel, for example, will reboot up to twice as fast on Android O (it does take a while at the moment). It wasn't immediately clear what optimizations allowed for this boosted performance. As in the hero image of this post, Google also alluded to improved performance for apps at large. Using Google Sheets as an example, Google claimed that when running a set of typical workload benchmarks in the app, Sheets completed operations over twice as quickly in these scenarios. How exactly this is happening, again, is unclear. But it's certainly good news - faster apps are better apps. The improved reboot times should further reduce the amount of time necessary to install an OTA update on your device. Last year at I/O, Google announced seamless updates, allowing you to install updates on your phone in the background on a separate system partition while you can continue to use the device. Rebooting is still something that has to happen with seamless updates, though, and it sounds like Android O should make that process even faster. Tags android o i/o 2017 io2017 series_android_o_feature_spotlights subscribe ... Previous Story Android O feature spotlight: Smart Text Selection automatically highlights the right words at a ... ... Next Story Daydream comes to the Galaxy S8 this summer, a future LG phone later this year Trending 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Forget vega #getEVGA Good job google .... Darth Vader Boooring. Where are the new messaging apps? George SUPER CHAT!!! argh... that girl was super obnoxious... hp-fourtwenty google killed them Roy Haha not funny. No one here can come with new jokes? marcusmarcus2 No kidding. People keep making this joke more than Google makes messaging apps. Kinda ridiculous. Corey Kinard Quality post. 4Ui812 Google Sheets and twice as fast eh ? Maybe the O stands for orgasm :-) T4rd The Spotlight I'm waiting for: "Apps can no longer hide behind 'Android OS' or 'Android System' in the battery stats." blindexecutioner I agree. I know the LED notification managing apps do that. I am not sure it is to be sneaky about it but rather it's just probably how the system is designed. I still think they're worth it but a lot of times people have no idea an app is what is causing their drain and they blame Android/Google for it. Winston That by itself would warrant a totally new letter release for me. As Trump would say, it's YUUGE. On Samsung at least, it now tells you approximately how much battery an app is draining. Interesting statistic: WhatsApp drains between four to seven times more battery than *fking Snapchat*. Teja Hell yeah! Android system is taking 15-20% of my battery on my Oneplus 3. Still can't figure which package is causing this. I at least hope they give individual battery stats for packages included in the so called "Android OS" and "Android System" marcusmarcus2 This will greatly improve the bootloop speeds of some devices. Christopher Kruthoff Clearly the real reason behind such a feature! VAVAMk_2 LG I am looking at you... marcusmarcus2 Oh yeah, well LG is looking at... ...LG is looking at... ...LG is looking at... ...LG is looking at... Roh_Mish Youuuu you you, youuuu, you you yooooooooooo Fernando Pena This is probably true, my phone is A LOT faster after DP2 update. I mean, even faster than the latest stable nougat version. Maxwell “Max” Weinbach I noticed this two on my Nexus 6p. It boots faster than my S8. Fernando Pena I meant overall performance, apps, system and boot as well... Jey How's the battery work far? Fernando Pena I can't say anything battery just yet, let's see how it performs overnight and along the day tomorrow... Tr3ple On my pixel too, I'm impressed blindexecutioner Lol,yeah, ok. I am sure battery life will be quadrupled too. balthazar Could, would, should, won't ... Roy Let's be optimistic and maybe on the Pixel it will. Maxwell “Max” Weinbach Does the S8 support seamless updates? Tim Harman Why would it matter? Samsung will stop providing updates for it as soon as the S9 comes out. (I actually did some Google for you and the answer seems to be "No" but I couldn't find anything confirming it one way or another) D13H4RD2L1V3 Nope. The only phone that supports seamless updates is the Pixel. Corey Kinard Hopefully the OP5 goes for it. It's only a feature useful for phones that actually get updated. Winston No. My phone's day one patch installed as it usually does. Lord Argyris "Google says that the Pixel, for example, will reboot up to twice as fast on Android O..." I wonder how many lifetimes they reckon this saves. bL4Ck Cool, but when a phone starts in a decent amount of time isn't that already good enough? After all these years of smartphones i don't think many turn off their phones at all unless they have to, my 6P often reaches 3-4 weeks of up-time then i randomly restart it for reasons or because play services starts acting weird and drains the battery. I feel like they're putting their focus on the wrong problems, slow boot times was an issue 10 years ago when people were still used to Nokia phones having basic features work even when switched off, but now people either put their phones in airplane mode during the night or switch them to silent, so having twice as fast boot up times isn't going to affect anyone's life in any meaningful way. Winston I think it was really just for show, as the most visible change in the speed. Most things on phones don't really take that long anymore, and they wanted to highlight just how fast the new OS is, so they reduced the boot time by half. Stu The estimates are probably generous but I do feel like Android has finally matured with nougat and it would make sense if the OS became a lot more refined from this point forward. Not a parallel comparison obviously, but you saw similar with iOS. Beebs Vaporware. Samsung has me on Android 4.4 kit kat D13H4RD2L1V3 Well, I wonder how this translates to actual real-world use. Like is it possible to notice the difference? From what I've heard, that seems to be the case. deh2002 Will be great for LG buyer's Dmitry Stepanushkin 2x faster bootloops? just1box Google needs to focus on ONLY THREE things. 1. steamlined/faster OS updates 2. SINGLE All in one rich text messaging app standard across ALL devices and web/PC app 3. really goose Dev's to optimize apps for tablets (The fact the tablet section in PlayStore has basically 5 MORE apps than ALL of Windows 10 app availability is offensive this far along in Android.) Rod I'd add in standby battery drain in there, too. Rod Does this mean Android phones won't be embarrassed at PhoneBuff speed tests anymore? Yay! Roh_Mish Would love this on my XZ. It is a solid performer but my god does it take its own sweet time booting up. Сергей Бугаев They did mention some details about how they accomplished this, for example concurrent garbage collection and heap defragmentation, but we'll hear more in the dedicated ART news session. Cakefish Yay. This is great stuff. Follow Android Police 1.49M 469k 144k 115k Latest Deals 1 [Deal Alert] Celebrate the start of Google I/O with 9 temporarily free and 10 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/17 9:09am PDTMay 17, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Get $50 off the new HTC U11 with promo code 2017/05/17 3:40am PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 10 [Deal Alert] Get 20% off electronics on eBay with promo code 2017/05/16 4:18pm PDTMay 16, 2017 1 [Deal Alert] 23k gold-plated LG Watch Urbane Luxe is just $150 at B&H ($150+ off) 2017/05/15 9:01pm PDTMay 15, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 69 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 274 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 92 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 311 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 18 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 24 7 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/2/17 - 5/8/17) 2017/05/08 12:30pm PDTMay 8, 2017 9 21 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/26/17 - 5/2/17) 2017/05/02 5:43pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 YouTube mobile streaming is open to all, no longer has a subscriber requirement 2017/05/17 5:46pm PDTMay 17, 2017 11 [Hands-on] Futurama Worlds of Tomorrow, a clone of a clone 2017/05/17 4:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 25 Any developer can now make Instant Apps for Android 2017/05/17 2:37pm PDTMay 17, 2017 20 The Google Home app now features customizable user-defined shortcuts for Assistant 2017/05/17 2:03pm PDTMay 17, 2017 0 Google's education app Expeditions is getting a new AR mode 2017/05/17 1:17pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Blast from the Past 28 1 Year Ago Today Google Cast v1.15 Reveals A New Firmware Preview Program And Some Possible New Hardware Categories [APK Teardown] 2016/05/17 3:42pm PDTMay 17, 2016 70 2 Years Ago Today Popular Xposed Framework Module GravityBox Updated To Work With Android 5.1 2015/05/17 12:59pm PDTMay 17, 2015 26 3 Years Ago Today gReader Hits Version 3.7, Brings New Themes, Custom Notifications, And More 2014/05/17 6:50pm PDTMay 17, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today Facebook Pages Manager App Updated To 1.4 With Photo Albums, Drafts, And The Mighty Banhammer 2013/05/17 7:21pm PDTMay 17, 2013 255 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Verizon Clarifies] Verizon Will End Unlimited Data Grandfathering If You Buy A 4G Phone From This Summer Onward 2012/05/17 2:58pm PDTMay 17, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Vodafail: The Story Of The Stolen Xperia Play Shipment In New Zealand Is Fake, Just A [Tasteless] Marketing Ploy 2011/05/17 9:19pm PDTMay 17, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today Exclusive: Could These Features Be Coming To The Next-Next Generation Of Android Market? [Leaked Rumors] 2010/05/17 8:06pm PDTMay 17, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 104 [Update: Visa confirms, kinda] Android Pay launches seem imminent for Canada and Russia 2017/05/17 9:27am PDTMay 17, 2017 168 [Update: Factory images and OTA files] Android beta registration is back, O Dev Preview 2 rolling out now 2017/05/17 2:44pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 7 Days 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 475 Netflix confirms it is blocking rooted/unlocked devices, app itself is still working (for now) 2017/05/13 3:08pm PDTMay 13, 2017 55 [Update: Changelog] Android Device Manager updated for the first time in two years and renamed to Find My Device [APK Download] 2017/05/17 9:12am PDTMay 17, 2017 Last 30 Days 263 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 74 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 70 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 132 queries | 0.424s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Go Search Go Contents Go to bottom site map N. Korea steps up attacks on Park amid signs of diplomacy Latest News Park says S. Korea, U.S. won't tolerate N. Korean provocations Pause Prev Next Search Search Area Search 2013-05-09 (Thursday) Weather 22.8℃Chuncheon 2subscribebuttonsubscribebutton Facebook Twitter Rss Global Navigation HOME NATIONAL Politics/Diplomacy Society NORTH KOREA BUSINESS Industry Economy Market Tech/Science CULTURE/SPORTS Culture Sports KOREAN WAVE K-Wave News K-Wave Photos K-Wave Videos PHOTOS All N. Korea FOCUS Select Language ALL HEADLINES All Headlines LG Electronics to launch home electronics with Google AI 2017/05/18 09:23 Tweet Facebook Share Google +1 Reduce Enlarge Print SEOUL, May 18 (Yonhap) -- LG Electronics Inc. said Thursday it plans to apply U.S. tech giant Google Inc.'s artificial intelligence (AI) program to its premium home electronics, in line with its move to tap deeper into the smart home business. During a showcase event held in the United States, the South Korean appliance manufacturer demonstrated its purifier activated by voice command via Google Home platform. LG said it plans to apply the technology to other premium home appliances, such as washers and refrigerators. The company said under the system, users will be allowed to check the remaining time for washers or order refrigerators to make ice simply by voice. "We plan to expand cooperation with global partners in different areas to provide distinctive smart home solutions," an official from LG said. colin@yna.co.kr (END) Most Viewed Seoul to ban smoking at cultural asset sites (4th LD) Park apologizes over alleged sexual misconduct by ex-spokesman Ssangyong says resumption of overnight shift turning point of normalization (2nd LD) N. Korea's Kaesong region sure to be listed as UNESCO world heritage N. Korean escapees to S. Korea to fall 20 pct this year: official More Most Viewed Photos News Focus Korea-Japan sex slavery deal comes under pressure for revision S. Korea, China moving toward mending ties strained over THAAD: experts Is S. Korean TV increasingly romanticizing booze? N. Korea seen closer to ICBM, boosted by new missile engine (News Focus) New test sparks concern over North's developing missile capability (News Focus) Moon-Trump leadership likely to ensure alliance despite thorny issues: U.S. experts Moon's election reflects desire to purge old evils, change gov't Moon to focus on Big 4 in chaebol reform News All headlines National North Korea Business Culture / Sports Korean Wave Photo news Graphic news Focus Most viewed Special Features Interviews Features Topics Miscellaneous Newspaper headlines Today in Korean history Yonhap News summary Editorials from dailies Tools RSS Mobile Service Twitter Facebook Information Photo/Video Archives Korea in brief Useful links Festival Calendar Weather Overseas Networks About Yonhap About Us Contact Us Subscription Copyright N.K Archives N.K Newsletter Vantage Point Copyrights Yonhap News Agency. All Rights Reserved.
