Recent Posts Bendable Samsung Phones and Apple’s Made for iPhone Proprietary Connector | #PNWeekly 239 Huawei makes Nougat update for Honor 8 officially official, stock UI included Smartphone addiction part 2: Do we need to disconnect? Sprint outdoes itself, charging $90 for two, three, four or five unlimited lines OnePlus 3T goes up for pre-order with 128GB storage, promising to ship very fast Recent Comments Anonymous on Microsoft Zune services reach end of the road in November Anonymous on LG Watch Sport antennas are in the non-replaceable bands Anonymous on Straight outta 2010: Samsung Galaxy J1 mini goes official with woeful specs Anonymous on AT&T and Verizon LG Watch Sport availability pegged for February 10 Anonymous on Android Wear 2.0-based LG Watch Sport and Watch Style are now official, launching February 10 Archives February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 Categories Android BlackBerry Interview iOS Phones Reviews Tablets Uncategorized Wearables webOS Windows Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org logo sidebar Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Navigation Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Phones 12357 End of life for Google Now Launcher, OEMs left with choice to make by Jules WangFebruary 5, 2017 5:06 am Contents Full Article Rating Comments Advertisement The Google Now Launcher is on its way out of the Play Store and developers are now wondering what their next moves are. Specifically, those relying on the launcher as their Android home screen UI. Certified Android OEMs have access to the Google Mobile Services package which contains essential-carry apps like Gmail, YouTube and Drive. It also carried optional elements like the Google Now Launcher, an advanced version of the stock AOSP launcher that integrated what was known as Google Now (now the “Feed“) into the leftmost panel of the interface. Manufacturers were free to utilize the launcher at their will. But thanks to a new effort around the “Google Search Launcher Services library,” OEMs can now code in the Feed to be the leftmost panel of their own UI skin on top of Android. It’s being described as “a more scalable solution” — as they say, though, it takes a village to be “scalable” and Android manufacturers have not historically come together as a village. In a letter to developers obtained by Android Police, Google has scheduled the demise of the Google Now Launcher. The launcher, which has been available as a Play Store app, will leave circulation within this quarter. On March 1, the GMS options package will drop the launcher. Developers who opt for a replacement can utilize the “SearchLauncher” app within GMS that already couples the GSLS library with AOSP Launcher3. The end user version of the Google Now Launcher will still be supported through updates to the Google search app after it leaves the Play Store — the majority of Nexus devices utilize it and if you have it downloaded, you’ll also get the updates, too. Don’t get your hopes up for seeing the Pixel Launcher move into prominence, though — while it is available in the Play Store, its device base still seems to be stuck with the Pixels. Now, if those contingent Google Assistant services that supposedly “make” the Pixel Launcher “tick” were to be indexed — as it is when bootlegged on another device, the Feed can’t be popped out. We’ve transcribed the letter, dated from February 2, below: Hello Android Partners, Google Search Launcher Services library allows you to implement easy access to Google Now cards by swiping right on the default home screen of your own launcher. Its evaluation version for Android 7.0 and 7.1 was announced and shared at the end of last year. Thanks to the partners who have supported the test and evaluation, we are happy to announce that the library is now good for production use. Please feel free to integrate the library with your production launcher, following the supporting documents published on the GMS site. Going forward, we will provide the updated version of the library with the monthly GMS bundle update. Since the Search Launcher Services library is a more scalable solution, we’re discontinuing the Google Now Launcher over the following timeline: Q1 2017 – Google Now Launcher will be unpublished from Google Play. Although users would not be able to download and install the launcher from Google Play Store, Google will continue to supporting existing users of the Google Now Launcher by updating the Google Search app. March 1, 2017 – Google Now Launcher will be removed from optional GMS. New devices with Google Now Launcher on the system image will no longer be approved. However, partner devices can keep shipping Google Now Launcher if they were approved before the cut-off date. These devices do not have to replace the Google Now Launcher with something else after they’ve updated to [a] newer version of the Android platform. If your products relied on the Google Now Launcher and you are looking for an immediate replacement, please consider using the SearchLauncher app that is included in the GMS distribution. It integrates the Search Launcher Services library with the AOSP Launcher3, and you may use the app for your production devices. Please contact your technical account manager if you have any questions. Thanks, The Android Team Advertisement likethis What's your reaction? Love It 9% Like It 5% Want It 2% Had It 21% Hated It 63% ViaPhandroid SourceAndroid Police Posted In Android, Phones, Tablets Tags Android, app, developers, End of Life, Feed, Google, Google Feed, Google Mobile Services, Google Now, Google Now Launcher, News Android, app, developers, End of Life, Feed, Google, Google Feed, Google Mobile Services, Google Now, Google Now Launcher, News About The Author Jules Wang Jules Wang is News Editor for Pocketnow and one of the hosts of the Pocketnow Weekly Podcast. He came onto the team in 2014 as an intern editing and producing videos and the podcast while he was studying journalism at Emerson College. He graduated the year after and entered into his current position at Pocketnow, full-time. You might also like AndroidappdevelopersEnd of LifeFeedAndroidPhonesTablets   Read More Huawei makes Nougat update for Honor 8 officially official, stock UI included   Read More OnePlus 3T goes up for pre-order with 128GB storage, promising to ship very fast   Read More T-Mobile has free tablets available for limited time, free pizza coming on Tuesday   Read More Google Assistant on (certain) Pixel phones gains native home control   Read More ‘Clam-type’ foldable Samsung smartphones expected to begin ‘small production’ in Q4   Read More Android 7.0 Nougat officially rolls out to OG NVIDIA SHIELD Tablet and Tablet K1 Advertisement Recent Posts Sort   Bendable Samsung Phones and Apple’s Made for iPhone Proprietary Connector | #PNWeekly 239 Huawei makes Nougat update for Honor 8 officially official, stock UI included Smartphone addiction part 2: Do we need to disconnect? Sprint outdoes itself, charging $90 for two, three, four or five unlimited lines 12345 1234 Recommended Videos Connect with Pocketnow Advertisement Recent Podcast Episodes Sort   Bendable Samsung Phones and Apple’s Made for iPhone Proprietary Connector | #PNWeekly 239 Tech, Earnings, and Advertising: This Week is All About the Money | #PNWeekly 238 Galaxy S8 Rumor Round Up, Apple AI, and No HTC Smartwatches | #PNWeekly 237 12345 1234 Recent Interviews Sort   Smartphone Addiction and Digital Mental Health: Dr. Timothy Fong Interview, UCLA Neuroscience (Vi... Redditor dissatisfied that his Google Pixel speaker issue ends in refund Interview: Rehan Asad Assistant VP of Broadband Strategy for AT&T on Gigabit Broadband for LA 12345 1234 Recent Videos Sort   OnePlus Rigging Benchmarks: False Advertising? (Video) RIP Google Now Launcher: What’s next for Android fans and manufacturers? (Video) SCOTTeVEST OTG Jacket Review: What’s in your pockets now? (Video) 12345 1234 Get in touch About Us Contact Us Tip Us Follow Us ©2017 Pocketnow.com, All rights reserved Pocketnow.com - Smartphone, Tablet, and Wearable reviews, videos, editorials, and news Compare Go
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Fighting fake news isn't just up to Facebook and Google By Associated Press Published: 20:16 EST, 6 February 2017 | Updated: 20:16 EST, 6 February 2017 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — The fight against fake news is not just being waged by Google, Facebook and big media companies. They are joined in the battle by academics and data scientists who started work on the subject years before bogus news stories were suspected of helping sway the 2016 presidential election. Their work has yielded tools that help track how "alternative facts" spread, and others that let you identify fake stories or block them altogether. FILE - In this Monday, June 4, 2012, file photo, a girl looks at Facebook on her computer in Palo Alto, Calif. "Fake news," which has gotten a lot of attention for its potential role in swaying the 2016 presidential election, has fascinated researchers for some time. Their studies have yielded tools that help track how "alternative facts" spread, and others that let you identify fake stories or block them altogether. Some of these are still baby steps in dealing with the phenomenon, but they're part of a larger effort that now involves Facebook, Google and big media companies actively trying to tamp down the spread of fake stories. (AP Photo/Paul Sakuma, File) Some of these are still baby steps, but they're a key, if largely unsung, part of the effort to tamp down the spread of fake stories. And the researchers were there first. For Giovanni Luca Ciampaglia, a research scientist at Indiana University, the phenomenon first caught his eye during the Ebola crisis in 2014. "We started seeing a lot of content that was spreading, completely fabricated claims about importations of Ebola, (such as) entire towns in Texas being under quarantine," he says. "What caught our attention was that these claims were created using names of publications that sounded like newspapers. And they were getting a lot of traction on social media." So he helped create a tool tracking how unsubstantiated claims spread online. DECIPHERING TWITTER RUMORS Tanushree Mitra, a doctoral student at the Georgia Institute of Technology, began a project three years ago to see how misinformation and fake news spread through Twitter. At the time, she says, "companies like Facebook and Twitter were not paying much attention." What attracted her to the project was the prevalence of fake news that spread online following natural disasters such as Superstorm Sandy in 2012. When she saw that people were sharing a lot of incorrect or misleading information about the events, Mitra decided to track both big stories and smaller rumors with the goal of creating an app that could help ordinary people sort fact from fiction so they can make decisions that could be crucial to their wellbeing. Mitra and her fellow researchers scanned 66 million tweets linked to nearly 1,400 real-world events to identify words and phrases linked to perceived levels of credibility. Looking at tweets surrounding news events in 2014 and 2015 — including the Ebola crisis, the Charlie Hebdo attack in Paris and the death of Eric Garner in a confrontation of police officers in New York City — they asked people to judge tweets based on how credible they thought the posts were. Words such as "eager," ''terrific" and "undeniable" were linked to more credible posts, while words such as "ha," ''grins" and "suspects" were the opposite. A computer matched the humans' opinions 68 percent of the time. The next step, an app, could help people rate the credibility of tweets and other social media posts. TRACKING HOAXES A group of researchers at Indiana University have created an online tool called Hoaxy that seeks to visualize "the spread of claims and related fact checking online." Although it's still a work in progress, Hoaxy can trace the origin of, for instance, the false claim that millions of votes in the 2016 presidential election were cast by "illegal aliens." Type in your search terms and Hoaxy will report back with stories that spread the claims, as well as fact-checking articles that debunked it. In this instance, the claim goes back to a November article from Infowars.com that was shared 17,961 times on Twitter and 52,200 times on Facebook, according to Hoaxy. The site only tracks actual links people shared, so it misses anything that's paraphrased or posted without a link. A data visualization tool shows the intertwined web of Twitter users who spread both the claims and the fact checks, and how they are connected to one another. The researchers focused on Twitter because the service makes more data available to the public, which makes it easier to use in data-tracking tools than Facebook. LEAD A HORSE TO WATER Tools like Hoaxy or rumor-identification apps are only helpful if people use them. The same goes for another approach — using a web browser plug-in to identify or block fake-news stories. For instance, the Chrome extension "Fake News Alert," created last year, says it will tell you when you are visiting a site "known for spreading fake news." But there are a few drawbacks. Many people aren't willing to go to the trouble of adding new extensions to their browser. And such extensions only work on the desktop version of Chrome, not its mobile counterpart. "Fake News Alert" also uses a widely circulated but oft-criticized list of fake and misleading news sites assembled by a Merrimack College professor. The list casts a very broad net and includes some established, but highly partisan sites such as the right-wing Breitbart News and the left-wing Occupy Democrats. A final obstacle: While fake news has been in the real news a lot, many people simply aren't that aware of it. "A lot of consumers are not savvy about it," says Larry Chiagouris, a marketing professor at Pace University who follows the fake news phenomenon. "And of those that are — and it's a small number— not a lot of them add plug-ins to browsers." EDUCATE THE PEOPLE Chiagouris believes we are at the "beginning of the beginning" when it comes to defining just what fake news is and how to combat it. But he and other experts say technological solutions like apps and plug-ins are unlikely to get to the root of the problem. The real solution, he says, will start in school: "not college, grammar school." The better educated and informed the public is, the more likely they are going to be "asking questions and exploring alternative sources of information," says Mike Posner, co-founder and co-director of the NYU Stern Center for Business and Human Rights. "What you really want is people saying they want to see different sides of an issue, looking at things by people who don't agree with me, so one (part of the solution) is public education." ___ Reach Barbara Ortutay on Twitter at https://twitter.com/BarbaraOrtutay ___ This story has been corrected to fix the year of the election. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW She's all shuck up! Gigi Hadid flaunts her toned stomach as she sports cropped crystal embellished leather jacket for Jeremy Scott AW17 at NYFW EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  Saving all my love fur you: Glam Kylie Jenner wraps up warm in chunky coat and knee-high boots as she swaps NYFW for romantic dinner with Tyga  Blooming beautiful! Diane Kruger looks sartorially savvy in cold shoulder floral midi-dress as she steals the show at Jason Wu NYFW event 'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Sections Company Info Presented by Arts Connections Food Identities Music News Policy Science Style Tech Travel World Entrepreneur Sponsored by About UsLearn more about our story and our inspiration behind Mic.CareersWe're hiring! Come join the team and solve important problems.Our TeamLearn more about who we are and what we stand for.HyperHyper is our video magazine for iPad with a clear less-is-more approach.PoliciesProduct BlogContact UsArchive Copyright © Mic Network Inc. All rights reserved. One World Trade Center, 285 Fulton Street, 82nd Floor, New York, NY 10007 Copyright © Mic Network Inc. All rights reserved. Image Credit: Eric Risberg/AP Google Pixel 2 Release Date: Everything we know so far By Susmita Baral February 06, 2017 SHARE TWEET PIN After releasing the Pixel and Pixel XL in 2016, Google is reportedly working on the next Pixel device. There is no set release date for the next Pixel, but the Mirror reports the device will likely debut in October to compete with the next-gen iPhone. According to 9to5Google, which cited an anonymous source, Google is working on creating a lower-end Pixel, dubbed "Pixel 2B," that would boast fewer features but also come at a significantly lower price point. The Pixel 2B's exact price has not been revealed, although it is said to be "significantly cheaper," but the Pixel 2 may come with a $50 price hike. The current 32GB Pixel smartphone starts at $650. One feature that made the Pixel phones stand out is the camera — the Pixel has a 12.3-megapixel rear camera. But 9to5Google said the new device will "not have large MP size" and will "compensate in extra features." Google is also reportedly focusing on the device's camera — the current smartphone’s camera has been well reviewed across the board — and hopes to "master" low light photography. When Google released the Pixel devices, they came equipped with the most up-to-date Android operating system: Android Nougat 7.0. It is likely the company will do the same with the Pixel 2 and have the Android 8.0 operating system already installed on the device. Pixel 2 will be faster and stronger, CNET reported. Google is experimenting with three new processors for the new smartphone: one from Qualcomm, one from Intel and one from Taiwanese chipset manufacturer MediaTek. A waterproofing feature is also “still on the table" for the Google Pixel 2. All this being said, nothing is official until Google makes its announcement later in 2017. Like us on Facebook: SHARE TWEET POST Susmita Baral Follow @sushbaral More Stories 5 days ago How food commercials are paving the way for LGBTQ representation in advertising 5 days ago 'Shameless' season 8 plot details, filming news and premiere date speculation 5 days ago 'Nioh' Review Roundup: 'IGN', 'Game Informer' and other critics praise the new PS4 game 5 days ago Lena Dunham is horrified by her original 'Girls' pitch, but is it that different from the show? 5 days ago Here are the least and most popular presidents in modern history 5 days ago 'Fire Emblem Heroes' Update: Rumors hint at what's to come, but they may be false 5 days ago Where did Lady Gaga get her stage name from? How Stefani Germanotta became a pop star 5 days ago How to get more PokéBalls in 'Pokémon Go': Tips, tricks and cheats 5 days ago Angry racists are boycotting Coke over immigrant-friendly Super Bowl ad 5 days ago All the times President Donald Trump dismissed facts as fake news Must Reads Susmita Baral Bikers for Trump inauguration rally photos are fake — and Trump fans are behind the hoax Alex Borkowski The best gaming mice under $100: SteelSeries, G. Skill, Corsair and more Michael V. LeVine Science has experience fighting fake news — and Facebook should take note Melanie Ehrenkranz Sexism in tech: Male startup founders don't believe there are qualified women to hire Susmita Baral What is spyware? How secret programs can see into your iPhone and record your calls. Get five stories every day that challenge you to rethink the world. Success! Company About Us Our Team Contact Us Jobs Policies Archive Platform Policy Arts World Music Identities News Science Connections Newsletter You are subscribed to our newsletter! Please check your inbox to confirm. Follow Us Copyright © Mic Network Inc. All rights reserved One World Trade Center, 285 Fulton Street, 83rd Floor, Suite G, New York, NY 10007
Signout RegisterSign in Long Reads Life Indigenous Sexuality Test your 'Lingo' SBS HOME On Demand Guide By Day By Channel By Genre By Language Programs Radio Radio Podcasts Radio Schedule SBS Chill SBS PopAraby SBS PopAsia SBS PopDesi World News radio Your Language Shop SBS Shop News SBS World News Dateline Insight Living Black The Feed NITV News Census Explorer Power of 1 Small Business Secrets Cycling Football Movies Food Comedy News News Home Latest News US Election Featured Topics First Day Stories Paris 2015 Syria Conflict Europe's Refugee Crisis True Stories Podcast Comment & Analysis Video Galleries Audio National World Asia-Pacific Middle-East Europe Africa North America South America Business Sport 7 Feb 2017 - 10:42am Web giants target fake news in French vote French journalists are teaming up with American internet giants Google and Facebook to fight propaganda and misinformation online. Source: AAP 7 Feb 2017 - 10:42 AM  UPDATED 7 Feb 2017 - 10:42 AM Tweet French journalists are teaming up with Google and Facebook to help fight propaganda and "fake news" ahead of the country's elections, mirroring efforts already underway in the US and Germany. French daily Le Monde says it is one of eight media organisations working with social networking site Facebook to fact-check questionable content ahead of France's upcoming presidential election. At the same time, nonprofit First Draft News says it is working with Google's News Lab is to launch CrossCheck, a verification project aimed at helping French voters "make sense of what and who to trust online." Google and Facebook have been under increasing scrutiny over their role in the spread of hoaxes, conspiracy theories and propaganda - sometimes referred to as "fake news." Some argue that fake news helped secure the victory of Donald Trump, whose false allegations about former President Barack Obama helped lay the foundation for his own run for high office. "We'll see a real wave of fake news in the coming days," said Alain Rabatel, a professor of linguistics at the University of Lyon 1 who has written about fact-checking in French journalism. Rabatel had guarded praise for the projects, saying journalists had to be more than just fact-checkers. Advertisement Advertisement Trending SBS Premier League on SBS: LIVE, FREE and in HD - FAQs SBS On Demand: Anti-Valentine's Day movie collection Deutschland 83: Quantum Jump Site under maintenance | Football Page not found | SBS On Demand Trending News Rosie O'Donnell goes full Bannon in photo The world parodies Trump's 'put America first' slogan The 'tiny house' movement: could you live in just 12 square metres? Trump says considering 'brand new' immigration order Australian citizenship stripped from IS fighter under new anti-terror laws In Social Stay Connected with SBS News Stay Connected with SBS News Vertical Tabs Newsletter Newsletter Subscribe now Podcast Podcasts Listen now RSS RSS Subscribe now txinfo Watch on SBS ONE 6.30pm nightly and 10.30pm Mon-Fri, listen at 6am & 6pm Mon-Fri. Stay Connected with SBS News Newsletter Subscribe now Podcasts Listen now RSS Subscribe now Watch on SBS ONE 6.30pm nightly and 10.30pm Mon-Fri, listen at 6am &amp; 6pm Mon-Fri. In Social Subscribe Facebook 839.8K Follow Twitter 268.2K Watch YouTube 8.4K Follow Google+ 0.9K Advertisement Back to top Copyright Terms & Conditions Privacy Disclaimer Your online preferences Audience Technical Support Complaints Contact Media Releases The SBS Charter Codes of Practice Policies & Publications Freedom of Information Public Interest Disclosure Freeview Using this Website FAQs Our Story Commissioned Content Translations & Subtitling Sales & Advertising Tenders & Purchasing Opportunities SBS International Publicity Media Centre Careers How to receive SBS TV & Radio How to get my Program on SBS What SBS tells me about Australia Why SBS introduced commercials The SBS Board of Directors SBS Shop NITV Podcasts CQ Cultural Intelligence Newsletters
Close Google, Facebook partner with French media over "fake news" - Brownsville Herald: Elections Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 73° Overcast Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest More details released on shooting at range Further details have emerged about the man who fatally shot himself in the head Thursday at a Brownsville shooting range. Posted: February 10 rss Texas News Homeland Security head is pressed to define 'sanctuary city' Winning numbers drawn in 'Triple Chance' game Winning numbers drawn in 'All or Nothing Night' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Daily 4 Night' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 3 Night' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Cash 5' game Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest Willett regains lead at Maybank Championship Malaysia AP KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — Reigning US Masters champion Danny Willett took a three-shot advantage after three rounds of the Maybank Championship Malaysia, scoring a five-under 67 to finish the day ahead of American David Lipsky. Posted: February 11 Sports, Men's Golf, Men's Sports More From The Latest Green gets rare triple-double as Warriors beat Grizzlies Mariners constantly in motion with Jerry Dipoto in charge Kings rally from 22 down to beat Hawks 108-107 Detroit Tigers, Red Wings owner Mike Ilitch dies at age 87 Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Contests Puzzles Comics Kingdom Texas Lottery Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory RGV Alerts Careers Don't Miss: MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Community Calendar Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home News Elections Google, Facebook partner with French media over "fake news" Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Posted: Monday, February 6, 2017 4:18 pm | Updated: 4:45 pm, Mon Feb 6, 2017. Google, Facebook partner with French media over "fake news" Associated Press | PARIS (AP) — French journalists are teaming up with American internet giants Google and Facebook to fight propaganda and misinformation online, mirroring similar efforts already underway in the United States and Germany. French daily Le Monde says it is one of eight media organizations working with social networking site Facebook to fact-check questionable content ahead of France's upcoming presidential election. At the same time, nonprofit First Draft News said Monday it was working with Google's News Lab is to launch CrossCheck , a verification project aimed at helping French voters "make sense of what and who to trust online." Google and Facebook have been under increasing scrutiny over their role in speeding the spread of hoaxes, conspiracy theories and propaganda — sometimes referred to by the catchall term "fake news." There's an argument that fake news helped secure the victory of Donald Trump, whose false allegations about former President Barack Obama helped lay the foundation for his own run for high office. Recent research has questioned the impact of propaganda and hoaxes, but with France's election only two-and-a-half months away, media-watchers here are anxious to avoid a rerun. "We'll see a real wave of fake news in the coming days," said Alain Rabatel, a professor of linguistics at the University of Lyon 1 who has written about fact-checking in French journalism. Le Monde said Monday that its collaboration was "an experiment," noting that the French media were leery of participating in a stunt to help burnish Silicon Valley firms' reputations — and that remuneration would have to be discussed if the project kept going. In a telephone interview, Rabatel had guarded praise, saying journalists had to be more than just fact-checkers. "I think it's good," he said. "It's not sufficient." © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about General News More whales strand in New Zealand, bringing total to 650 More whales strand in New Zealand, bringing total to 650 ARTICLE: More whales strand in New Zealand, bringing total to 650 Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass More about Government And Politics Poland's PM suffered "nothing serious" in car crash Poland's PM suffered "nothing serious" in car crash Poland's PM suffered "nothing serious" in car crash Poland's PM suffered "nothing serious" in car crash ARTICLE: Poland's PM suffered "nothing serious" in car crash More about Journalism Iranians trample on US flag, mark 1979 Islamic Revolution Iranians trample on US flag, mark 1979 Islamic Revolution Iranians trample on US flag, mark 1979 Islamic Revolution Iranians trample on US flag, mark 1979 Islamic Revolution Iranians trample on US flag, mark 1979 Islamic Revolution Discuss Print Posted in Elections on Monday, February 6, 2017 4:18 pm. Updated: 4:45 pm. | Tags: General News, Government And Politics, Journalism, News Media, Media, Fake News, Social Media, Online Media, Online News Media, Technology | Location Tags: France, Western Europe, Europe, United States, North America, Germany Custom Search Site Web Follow us on Facebook Today's Edition Online Features Real Estate Exterior home improvements yield high... Brandpoint (BPT) Light solutions: What to do when your... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 bathroom design trends that marry l... Brandpoint (BPT) What you should know about rising int... Brandpoint (BPT) Six factors driving the cost of your ... Brandpoint (BPT) Where to find rebates, tax credits an... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 hot bathroom design trends that don... Brandpoint (BPT) Plumbing the power of a powder room a... Brandpoint (BPT) Where there is a will - and more - th... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 statement pieces to elevate your ba... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Popular Commented Facebook Activity Stories Police investigate suicide at shooting range No more plastic bags in Brownsville after April 1 Women busted with $3.7 million in meth at B&M Bridge Clayton’s faces copyright lawsuit Jubilee Academic Center to open new campus in Brownsville More Photos More Videos More tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes Los Fresnos Space For Rent Se Rentan Bodegas Nuevas de Updated: Yesterday Does Your Home Need a Home ? Buena Vista Mobile Updated: Yesterday Bajo Pago Inicial! Financiamento De Dueo 2018 Abilene Dr. Weslaco $30 Updated: February 08 More Homes Cars 2002 Hyundai Santa Fe SUV. New tires Good Condition only $2,100 Updated: Yesterday FreeStanding Cast Iron, "CASE" Eagle on globe. Farmall B Restored Updated: Yesterday 2013 AUDI Q-7 FOR SALE, 55,500 $31,000 Updated: Yesterday More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Friends2Follow Follow us on Twitter Tweets from https://twitter.com/BrownsvilleNews/herald-newsroom Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate Exterior home improvements yield high... Brandpoint (BPT) Light solutions: What to do when your... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 bathroom design trends that marry l... Brandpoint (BPT) What you should know about rising int... Brandpoint (BPT) Six factors driving the cost of your ... Brandpoint (BPT) Where to find rebates, tax credits an... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 hot bathroom design trends that don... Brandpoint (BPT) Plumbing the power of a powder room a... Brandpoint (BPT) Where there is a will - and more - th... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 statement pieces to elevate your ba... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2017, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Politics February 6, 2017 6:47 pm Updated: February 6, 2017 7:04 pm Silicon Valley takes a stand against Trump travel ban, risking backlash By Mae Anderson and Michael Liedtke The Associated Press WATCH ABOVE: Big tech giants file opposition to Trump's ban What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen SAN FRANCISCO — Through a Super Bowl ad, public statements and court filings, Silicon Valley’s biggest companies are taking a strong stand against President Donald Trump‘s travel ban, saying high tech needs immigrants’ creativity and energy to stay competitive. Although the companies are risking a backlash from customers who side with Trump, they say the pushback is necessary for an industry dependent on thousands of highly skilled foreign workers. Story continues below About 58 percent of the engineers and other high-skill employees in Silicon Valley were born outside the U.S., according to the Silicon Valley Leadership Group, an industry trade group. “Immigration and innovation go hand in hand,” said Carl Guardino, the group’s CEO. “This cuts so deeply into the bone and marrow of what fuels the innovation economy that very few CEOs feel the luxury of sitting on the sidelines. So people are going to stand up and speak up.” The tech industry contends there aren’t enough Americans with the specialized skills these companies need. Though critics contend that companies favor immigrants because they can pay them less, tech companies argue that the ban would pressure them to move some operations abroad. READ MORE: States argue allowing Donald Trump’s travel ban would ‘unleash chaos’ “A lot of these companies will really struggle if all of a sudden we turn off the spigot,” said Greg Morrisett, dean of computing and information sciences at Cornell University. In a court filing Sunday against the ban, 97 companies, including such major tech players as Google, Apple, Microsoft, eBay, Netflix, Facebook and Twitter, also spoke of the entrepreneurial spirit of “people who choose to leave everything that is familiar and journey to an unknown land to make a new life.” WATCH: President Trump defends travel ban during speech at MacDill AFB Google CEO Sundar Pichai and Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella both came from India. Google co-founder Sergey Brin is a Russian refugee who moved to the U.S. as a boy. The father of Apple’s late co-founder, Steve Jobs, immigrated from Syria. The Silicon Valley Leadership Group estimates that half the companies in the region were co-founded by an immigrant or are now led by a CEO from outside the U.S. In signing an executive order Jan. 27 that would temporarily ban people from seven Muslim-majority countries, Trump said he was trying to protect Americans by preventing terrorists from slipping into the country. The administration says the president has the constitutional authority to decide who can enter. READ MORE: Apple, Google, Uber join forces to fight against Trump travel ban During the Super Bowl, several companies ran ads that promoted diversity and inclusion, as marketers tried to reach both sides of a consumer base roiled by the election. One of the most overtly political was from Airbnb, a company that matches travelers with places to stay. The San Francisco company showed close-ups of people with different ethnicities. A narrator says: “We believe no matter who you are, where you’re from, who you love or who you worship, we all belong. The world is more beautiful the more you accept.” Airbnb followed up with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need, starting with refugees, disaster survivors and relief workers. The company also said it will donate $4 million over four years to the International Rescue Committee, joining many tech brethren in making financial contributions. Google set up a $4 million “crisis fund” in January to support organizations that are helping immigrants and refugees, while ride-hailing service Lyft pledged $1 million over the next four years to the American Civil Liberties Union, one of the groups challenging the ban. And workers from Google and Comcast workers have staged walkouts over the restriction. READ MORE: Super Bowl ad with content ‘deemed too controversial for TV’ released in full online “I wouldn’t be where I am today or have any kind of life that I have today if this was not a brave country that really stood out and spoke for liberty,” Brin told a crowd of Google employees who walked out in protest last week. Tech companies risk alienating the many Americans who support Trump and his policies. But the risk is lower than that of, say, a company that makes consumer products with plenty of alternatives. WATCH: Justice Department begins legal fight in appeal of Trump travel ban ruling   It’s much harder to boycott a Facebook or Google, where you have friends or your email address, said digital marketing analyst Rebecca Lieb. She added that people are less likely to toss out a $2,000 laptop or pricey mobile phone than change soft drinks. In fact, tech companies might be more wary of backlash from the anti-Trump side. Last week, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quit Trump’s council of business leaders after an outcry from Uber customers and employees who were upset about the ban. In addition, most tech companies have operations around the world and risk alienating customers abroad if they stay silent. “We interact with a large global ecosystem and our businesses would not be here or be able to thrive without it,” said Aaron Levie, CEO of Box Inc., an online storage service. “So our businesses are extremely sensitive, by default, to things that affect immigration and things that affect our relationship with the broader world.” © 2017 The Canadian Press Report an error Donald Trump Donald Trump Travel Ban President Donald Trump Silicon Valley Leadership Group Silicon Valley Trump travel ban trump news Trump Protests Trump travel ban Editor's Picks Money Why variable-rate mortgages are becoming more attractive to Canadians Crime 20 years later, Diana Saunders still searches for her 3 missing sons Canada Muslim misconceptions: The everyday Islamophobia facing Canadians Money Trump travel ban prompts high-skilled workers, companies to reconsider Canada Politics Anonymous calls for travel ban on US citizens, boycott of Donald Trump businesses Commentary Cucks and chaos: How Trump sets conservatives at each other's throats Canada Renee was diagnosed with bipolar disorder, depression and agoraphobia. Here’s how she got help FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now Man who beheaded Greyhound bus passenger granted full discharge 9669 Donald Trump is considering a whole new travel ban 4621 Seth Meyers calls out Donald Trump's silence on Quebec mosque shooting 3278 Why you should look up in the night sky this weekend 3101 Not the common cold: Mom urges parents to pay attention for RSV signs 2111 Sponsored content Popular Videos Missing Canadian found near Amazon rainforest, comes home to Toronto WATCH NOW Man missing in Alberta after collision on Highway 1 WATCH NOW Twin sex offenders released in Edmonton show long history of deviant behaviour WATCH NOW Anton Pilipa, missing Canadian found near Amazon rainforest, comes home to Toronto WATCH NOW Baltimore teen shot, killed by police one day after being released from jail WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Michael Hiltzik Columnist BUSINESS Michael Hiltzik Column Rachel Carson, 'mass murderer'? A right-wing myth about 'Silent Spring' is poised for a revival Rachel Carson Heroine, not "mass murderer," Rachel Carson is shown in 1962. Heroine, not "mass murderer," Rachel Carson is shown in 1962. Michael HiltzikContact Reporter Rachel Carson has been both a hero to environmentalists and the bane of the chemical and pesticide industries — and their political mouthpieces — ever since the 1962 publication of her seminal book “Silent Spring.” The book helped to launch the environmental movement, which scored arguably its most important success with the establishment of the Environmental Protection Agency in 1970 (under President Nixon). Carson’s heroism in defense of her argument that indiscriminate use of pesticides was harming people and damaging the environment is covered by a documentary about her that aired last month on PBS as part of its “American Experience” series, and it is still available online. Over at the Lawyers, Guns & Money blog, Erik Loomis sounds the alarm that one of the favorite right-wing calumnies against Carson may be poised to make its reappearance on the national stage. This is the myth that Carson’s description of the dangers of the pesticide DDT, the central theme of her book, undermined programs against malaria-carrying mosquitos around the world and therefore condemned millions of people to death from the parasitical disease. We have put poisonous and biologically potent chemicals indiscriminately into the hands of persons largely or wholly ignorant of their potentials for harm. — Rachel Carson, "Silent Spring" Google’s celebration of Carson in 2014, upon the 50th anniversary of her death, prompted Breitbart News to label her “The 20th Century's Greatest Female Mass Murderer” and ask, “Will Google be paying tribute to any of the other mass killers of the 20th century? Hitler? Stalin? Mao? Pol Pot? Probably not. But then, none of the others have had the benefit of having their images burnished by a thousand and one starry-eyed greenies.” The executive chairman of Breitbart at the time was Steven K. Bannon, who is now a top advisor — some say the top advisor, to President Trump.  Loomis observes that the brief against Carson is easily debunked, as has been done repeatedly. As he states, Carson never called for a complete ban of DDT, no such ban was ever actually imposed, DDT already was declining in effectiveness against mosquitoes because of their rising resistance to the chemical, and that her point was not to condemn all pesticides but their indiscriminate deployment by untrained users. Congress exploits Zika to loosen pesticide regulations (but won't pay for an anti-Zika program) Michael Hiltzik Chronic dysfunction on Capitol Hill is often cause for amusement, but not when lives and public health are at stake. That's what's happening now, with the menace of the spread of the Zika virus to the United States becoming ever more concrete. The House and Senate haven't been utterly idle on the... Chronic dysfunction on Capitol Hill is often cause for amusement, but not when lives and public health are at stake. That's what's happening now, with the menace of the spread of the Zika virus to the United States becoming ever more concrete. The House and Senate haven't been utterly idle on the... (Michael Hiltzik) He’s right, but the promotion of pesticides with little regard to their harmful effects is on the verge of seeing a revival. Consider the attempt by House Republicans last year to tie the fight against the Zika virus to a loosening of pesticide regulations. They did so by rechristening an old anti-regulation measure, the Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act, as the "Zika Vector Control Act." The GOP majority was joined by 23 credulous Democrats, but the effort ultimately failed. The fate of such an initiative today, when there may be no countervailing force in the White House against the demands of the chemical industry, could be much different. Just last week, the Republican House and Senate repealed an Obama administration rule limiting the dumping of coal mine waste into local streams. Among the rule’s most vociferous critics: the National Mining Assn.  What’s chilling is that the attack on Carson isn’t limited to the right wing. The most recent broadside about Carson’s role in malaria comes from Paul A. Offit, a respected pediatrics expert at Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia. Offit’s attack is especially disconcerting, because he has been an indispensable leader of the defense of child vaccinations against a junk-science onslaught from anti-vaccination forces. Yet writing at the Daily Beast, Offit calls Carson’s campaign against DDT a “critical mistake … [that] cost millions of people their lives.”  The article appears to be an excerpt from, or at least related to, Offit’s forthcoming book “Pandora’s Lab: Seven Stories of Science Gone Wrong.” He acknowledges that Carson deserves to be regarded as “an American hero,” in part for her crusade against DDT, but contends that by overstating the health dangers of the pesticide, she deserves blame for the resulting “total ban of the chemical.” We think Offit has gone astray here by misreading the regulatory chronology that followed the publication of “Silent Spring.” He writes that the EPA, upon its founding in December 1970, “immediately banned DDT.” That’s not so. As the EPA’s official history of its DDT regulatory actions states, the fledgling agency’s first action on DDT was to cancel federal registrations of products containing DDT. That was in January 1971 and occurred in response to a court order in a lawsuit from the Environmental Defense Fund. Two months later, the EPA issued cancellation notices for products related to DDT, but said there would be no suspension of the regulation of DDT. The history says that suspension was actually a more severe action than cancellation. Accordingly, manufacturers could continue marketing DDT. The agency didn’t cancel all remaining crop uses of DDT until June 1972 — and still exempted “public health and quarantine uses, [and] exports of DDT,” the EPA history says. Most important, that action came only after extensive public hearings on DDT over a period of eight months, yielding 9,312 pages of transcripts from the testimony of “125 expert witnesses and over 300 documents.” In other words, there was nothing “immediate” about the EPA’s action. Nor was it a “ban,” if one recognizes that manufacturing in the United States and marketing and sales overseas were wide open. If Offit is implying that the EPA banned DDT as some sort of knee-jerk reaction to public pressure, that’s not supported by the record. It’s also important to recognize that regulatory actions aimed at DDT not only predated the EPA, but “Silent Spring.” In fact, according to the EPA history, they began in 1957, five years before the book’s publication. That year, the Forest Service of the U.S. Department of Agriculture barred the spraying of DDT in “protective strips around aquatic areas on lands under its jurisdiction.” The following year, USDA began to phase out DDT, cutting its use from 4.9 million acres in 1957 to just over 100,000 acres in 1967 and discouraging the use of such persistent pesticides only when there were no better choices. As for the health effects of DDT, the evidence is that they’re potentially severe, especially in children. A 2009 study reported “a growing body of evidence that exposure to DDT and its breakdown product DDE may be associated with adverse health outcomes such as breast cancer, diabetes, decreased semen quality, spontaneous abortion, and impaired neurodevelopment in children.” As for the effect on third-world anti-malaria programs of the ostensible Carson-inspired “ban” on DDT, this has always been conjectural at best. Combating malaria requires programs to have persistent management and effort and lots and lots of money, none of which are very common in the African countries where the disease is endemic. Malaria-prone populations often are remote, hostile to government agents, and not attuned to consistent medical management. Anyone who has lived in a malaria zone also knows that mosquitoes and malaria parasites are so good at developing resistance to pesticides and medicines that it doesn’t take long before one preferred remedy or another has to be discarded in favor of something new. They know that the best weapons are prevention of infection by the use of mosquito nets and prompt care after symptoms appear. “DDT is not the magic bullet that will eradicate malaria,” a malaria expert in Uganda wrote in 2006. A full-scale spraying program would cost that financially strapped nation $80 million — just for one of several rounds. “We need to refocus resources and attention on something most Africans do not have: basic malaria education, and prevention with insecticide-treated bed nets,” added the expert, Jessie Stone. Carson’s brief against DDT was far more nuanced than her critics say. “It is not my contention that chemical insecticides must never be used,” she wrote in “Silent Spring.” “I do contend that we have put poisonous and biologically potent chemicals indiscriminately into the hands of persons largely or wholly ignorant of their potentials for harm.” Her real concern was that we had entered “an era dominated by industry, in which the right to make a dollar at whatever cost is seldom challenged.” When the public objects, she wrote, “it is fed little tranquilizing pills of half truth.” She was right then, and her words are a warning to us today.  Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Keep up to date with Michael Hiltzik. Follow @hiltzikm on Twitter, see his Facebook page, or email michael.hiltzik@latimes.com. Return to Michael Hiltzik's blog. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Malaria U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Environmental Defense Fund Breast Cancer U.S. Department of Agriculture Donald Trump ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 60°
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 February 2017 by Military News SEO Experts At Isenselogic Reveal 8 ways employees can help improve SEO ratings SEO professional, David Meshach recently shared with fellow business owner some practical methods a business’s employees can help the business gain more revenue through SEO. The advise will help businesses of all sizes and types. “Whether you an international conglomerate or a local mom and pop hair salon you can utilize your employee’s family and friends to increase your rankings on Google thereby bringing your company more business. The two main things that influence Search Engine Optimization are links from other sites and the content and authority of your website. Every employee from your executives down to maintenance personnel can help improve your companies search engine visibility by using the following techniques.” One of the fundamental ways of Search Engine Optimization is to know the right keywords related to a business so that it can be known how the customers are looking for a business, product or service. Meshach suggests using a Google Keyword Research Tool, MOZ keyword research tool, and others. One of the many other ways employees can help a business website improve its SEO rankings is through links, according to Meshach links from local businesses are a gold mine since Google consider’s local link signals more relevant if you are a brick and mortar but they also help on international websites. Therefore, he suggests encouraging employees who own websites to add a link to the business’s website on their website. Links can also be left through comments local news stories about relating industry, the keywords can also be used within the comments for maximum result. Meshach also suggests that business owners ask vendors who have websites to link the business’s website. Social Media shares and comments are another elements where employees can get actively involved by sharing content, commenting and following the business’s activity. This provides important social signals to the business’s website and increases its SEO rankings. Finally, Meshach suggest encourages business’s owners or marketers to have a strong social media presence, incorporate company blogs, guest blogging, press releases and bringing back old content using links and keywords to keep things fresh and interesting. About: Isenselogci.com provides website design and Search Engine Optimization for medium to small size business and is located in Bellevue Washington. Need a new refreshed website for your small business. We provide modern responsive up to 5-page websites starting at $299. For more information, a free website SEO Audit or Free Keyword Research for a business, please visit: http://www.isenselogic.com/ Media Contact Company Name: Isenselogci.com Contact Person: Media Relations Email: Send Email Country: United States Website: http://www.isenselogic.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Industry, mine, mortar, service Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 1000 tech professionals competed to win their deserving reward in Digital Harbor Coding Challenge in January 2017 Next PostNext World Encephalitis Day Challenge Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Engel & Völkers Florida Launches Madeira Beach Shop Mohawk Industries legt Rekordergebnisse für viertes Quartal und Gesamtjahr vor progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Subscribe Tech Movies Games Television Comics Culture Deals Wearable Subwoofer Is All About That Bass Stomach Acid-Powered Pills Monitor Health, Deliver Drugs Ensure Your Legacy by Pressing Cremains Into a Vinyl Record Prep for Robot Apocalypse with Programmable Cyborg Arms More When You Go from 'Thor: Ragnarok' to Michael Jackson MovieBob Reviews – JOHN WICK: CHAPTER 2 Matthew McConaughey Plus Spring Breakers Equals Film of the Century Remembering the Original Planets of Star Wars More Valve Ditches Greenlight for “Steam Direct” The NBA Will Launch a Professional eSports League in 2018 Speedrunner Beats Resident Evil 7 on Hardest Difficulty With Only a Knife Playing ‘We Are Chicago’ is Almost Like Living There More Doctor Who Underrated Villain of the Week: Ice Warriors A Feminist Cause and a Well-Placed Stranger Things Reference Come to Riv... Mark Gatiss: Female Doctor Would Be ‘Fantastic’ The Expanse Continues to Set the Tone for the Season More Fan of FX’s Legion? This Comic is For You Buy This Comic! All Star Batman #7 Excited About The LEGO Batman Movie? Check Out These 5 Comics Invincible Truly is The Best Superhero Book in the Universe More Badass Latin Phrases Volume III Make Mash-Up Music Masterpieces With The Magic iPod The Best Game of Thrones Funko Pops! McDonald's "Japanese Style" French Fries Look Delicious More Tech $300 New Balance RunIQ Smartwatch For Runners By Runners By Stephanie Mlot 02.06.2017 :: 10:30AM EST New Balance RunIQ Fitness trackers and smartwatches give runners the freedom to exercise without clutter; leave the MP3 player and heart-rate monitor at home. The growing tech sector has seen everyone from Fitbit and Google to Apple and Garmin join the race to pack style and insight into your health routine. And there’s a fresh face in this year’s lineup. Sports footwear manufacturer New Balance in January unveiled its first smart wearable—the Android Wear-based RunIQ watch, built in collaboration with Intel, Google, and Strava. For runners by runners, the wearable boasts activity tracking metrics like location, distance, heart rate, pace, and cadence, and sends push notifications from your phone to your wrist. Users can also join Strava to connect with the global running community and jam out to their favorite Google Play “pump it up” playlists. Listen wirelessly, too, with a pair of New Balance PaceIQ Bluetooth headphones. “RunIQ combines our expertise in running with the best engineering advances through breakthrough collaborations with some of the biggest players in the technological industry,” New Balance CEO Rob DeMartini said in a statement. Water resistant up to about 50 meters, the gadget promises a full 24 hours of everyday use—keeping time, looking sporty. Turn on GPS and HR monitoring, however, and the battery life drops to only five hours—enough for the average marathon runner to gloat for a few minutes before needing to recharge. Following its debut at January’s Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, RunIQ hit shelves on Feb. 1. Run to your nearest brick-and-mortar New Balance shop or go online to pick up the unisex wearable for $299.99. The accompanying PaceIQ earbuds by Jabra—with a battery life of five hours and charging time of about two hours—include three sets of EarGels, two FitClips, and a USB cable for $109.99. “These headphones are made with best-in-class sound technology,” according to Calum MacDougall, senior vice president of marketing at Jabra, “which means that you have access to premium sound quality for improved motivation.” Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Pinterest Reddit Android Wear fitness tracker Google New Balance running smartwatch Speak Your Mind More in Tech 02.10.2017 :: 9:00AM EST :: Stephanie Mlot Tech Wearable Subwoofer Is All About That Bass Tech 02.10.2017 :: 8:30AM EST :: Stephanie Mlot Tech Stomach Acid-Powered Pills Monitor Health, Deliver Drugs Tech 02.09.2017 :: 12:00PM EST :: Stephanie Mlot Tech Ensure Your Legacy by Pressing Cremains Into a Vinyl Record Tech 02.09.2017 :: 9:30AM EST :: Stephanie Mlot Tech Prep for Robot Apocalypse with Programmable Cyborg Arms Tech 02.08.2017 :: 3:45PM EST :: Lee Mathews Tech Factory That Made Exploding Galaxy Note 7 Batteries Catches Fire Tech More subscribe to our newsletter: Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Badass Latin Phrases Volume III Culture 02.10.2017 :: 6:00PM EST When You Go from 'Thor: Ragnarok' to Michael Jackson Movies 02.10.2017 :: 3:45PM EST Valve Ditches Greenlight for "Steam Direct" Games 02.10.2017 :: 3:00PM EST Fan of FX's Legion? This Comic is For You Comics More © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Contact Archives Glossary Advertise Accessibility Statement unused
Jump to navigation Listen Live News Talk Sports Traffic  BREAKING NEWS: Freedom granted to man who beheaded Greyhound bus passenger // READ MORE Tech cos. take stand against travel ban, risking backlash Previous Article Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward  Next Article By The Canadian Press February 6, 2017 - 4:56pm SAN FRANCISCO — Through a Super Bowl ad, public statements and court filings, Silicon Valley's biggest companies are taking a strong stand against President Donald Trump's travel ban, saying high tech needs immigrants' creativity and energy to stay competitive. Although the companies are risking a backlash from customers who side with Trump, they say the pushback is necessary for an industry dependent on thousands of highly skilled foreign workers. About 58 per cent of the engineers and other high-skill employees in Silicon Valley were born outside the U.S., according to the Silicon Valley Leadership Group, an industry trade group. "Immigration and innovation go hand in hand," said Carl Guardino, the group's CEO. "This cuts so deeply into the bone and marrow of what fuels the innovation economy that very few CEOs feel the luxury of sitting on the sidelines. So people are going to stand up and speak up." The tech industry contends there aren't enough Americans with the specialized skills these companies need. Though critics contend that companies favour immigrants because they can pay them less, tech companies argue that the ban would pressure them to move some operations abroad. "A lot of these companies will really struggle if all of a sudden we turn off the spigot," said Greg Morrisett, dean of computing and information sciences at Cornell University. In a court filing Sunday against the ban, 97 companies, including such major tech players as Google, Apple, Microsoft, eBay, Netflix, Facebook and Twitter, also spoke of the entrepreneurial spirit of "people who choose to leave everything that is familiar and journey to an unknown land to make a new life." Google CEO Sundar Pichai and Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella both came from India. Google co-founder Sergey Brin is a Russian refugee who moved to the U.S. as a boy. The father of Apple's late co-founder, Steve Jobs, immigrated from Syria. The Silicon Valley Leadership Group estimates that half the companies in the region were co-founded by an immigrant or are now led by a CEO from outside the U.S. In signing an executive order Jan. 27 that would temporarily ban people from seven Muslim-majority countries, Trump said he was trying to protect Americans by preventing terrorists from slipping into the country. The administration says the president has the constitutional authority to decide who can enter. During the Super Bowl, several companies ran ads that promoted diversity and inclusion, as marketers tried to reach both sides of a consumer base roiled by the election. One of the most overtly political was from Airbnb, a company that matches travellers with places to stay. The San Francisco company showed close-ups of people with different ethnicities. A narrator says: "We believe no matter who you are, where you're from, who you love or who you worship, we all belong. The world is more beautiful the more you accept." Airbnb followed up with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need, starting with refugees, disaster survivors and relief workers. The company also said it will donate $4 million over four years to the International Rescue Committee, joining many tech brethren in making financial contributions. Google set up a $4 million "crisis fund" in January to support organizations that are helping immigrants and refugees, while ride-hailing service Lyft pledged $1 million over the next four years to the American Civil Liberties Union, one of the groups challenging the ban. And workers from Google and Comcast workers have staged walkouts over the restriction. "I wouldn't be where I am today or have any kind of life that I have today if this was not a brave country that really stood out and spoke for liberty," Brin told a crowd of Google employees who walked out in protest last week. Tech companies risk alienating the many Americans who support Trump and his policies. But the risk is lower than that of, say, a company that makes consumer products with plenty of alternatives. It's much harder to boycott a Facebook or Google, where you have friends or your email address, said digital marketing analyst Rebecca Lieb. She added that people are less likely to toss out a $2,000 laptop or pricey mobile phone than change soft drinks. In fact, tech companies might be more wary of backlash from the anti-Trump side. Last week, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quit Trump's council of business leaders after an outcry from Uber customers and employees who were upset about the ban. In addition, most tech companies have operations around the world and risk alienating customers abroad if they stay silent. "We interact with a large global ecosystem and our businesses would not be here or be able to thrive without it," said Aaron Levie, CEO of Box Inc., an online storage service. "So our businesses are extremely sensitive, by default, to things that affect immigration and things that affect our relationship with the broader world." ___ Associated Press Writers Barbara Ortutay in New York and Chris Grygiel in Seattle contributed to this report. Mae Anderson reported from New York. Mae Anderson And Michael Liedtke, The Associated Press ©2017 The Canadian Press Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward Topics:  International Join the Discussion 650 CKOM is happy to provide a forum for commenting and discussion. Please respect and abide by the house rules: Keep it clean, keep it civil, keep it truthful, stay on topic, be responsible, share your knowledge, and please suggest removal of comments that violate these standards. See full commenting rules. View the discussion thread. Listen live News Talk Sports Traffic Weather Search Local Provincial National International All Topics RSS Feeds The Brent Loucks Show 6:00am 8:30am Gormley 8:30am 12:30pm Saskatchewan Afternoon 1:00pm 3:00pm The Green Zone 3:00pm 6:00pm All Shows Schedule Podcasts On Demand Contests Events Adopt A Family Auction Insider The Green Zone Game Day with Wray Prime Time Sports Riders Local Provincial National Traffic Updates Highway Hotline Report a Pothole Latest Traffic Feb 10 Road Work For Friday Feb 09 Road Work For Thursday Feb 08 Road Work For Wednesday loading weather... © 650 CKOM . All Rights Reserved. Contact  //  Rss  //  Rules  //  ToS  //  Privacy
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions Place an ad News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 34° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Intervals of clouds and sunshine in the morning with more clouds for later in the day. High 52F. Winds NE at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Cloudy. Slight chance of a shower throughout the evening. Low 33F. Winds NNW at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: February 11, 2017 @ 2:55 am Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports Close 1 of 7 Alexander F. Yuan Iranian bioengineering researcher Nima Enayati walks out of a gate after arriving at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. The Ph.D. candidate at a university in Milan, was prevented from boarding a flight to the U.S. on Jan. 30. He had a visa to conduct research on robotic surgery at Stanford University in California. (AP Photo/Alexander F. Yuan) Alex Sanz Nazanin Zinouri, 29, is greeted at the Greenville-Spartanburg International Airport in Greer, S.C., with kisses from her dog Dexter and well-wishers holding signs reading "Welcome Home" on Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Zinouri, an Iranian engineer and Clemson University graduate, had been unable to return to the United States because of the executive order President Donald Trump signed that limited travel to the U.S. from seven Muslim-majority countries. (AP Photo/Alex Sanz) HONS This photo provided by Airbnb shows a still image from the company's Super Bowl 51 spot. Airbnb is following up its Super Bowl ad calling for acceptance with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need. An announcement on the rental service's website says it plans to start with refugees, disaster survivors and relief workers, but wants "to accommodate many more types of displaced people over time." (Airbnb via AP) Jeff Chiu FILE - In this April 19, 2016, file photo, Airbnb co-founder and CEO Brian Chesky speaks during an event in San Francisco. Airbnb is following up its Super Bowl ad on Feb. 5, 2017, calling for acceptance with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) Russell Contreras Sen. Tom Udall, D-New Mexico, speaks to immigrant rights advocates at the New Mexico Statehouse in Santa Fe, N.M., Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Udall told advocates on Monday that President Donald Trump's travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries is "illegal and unconstitutional" and vowed to fight it with other Democratic senators. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) Russell Contreras Sen. Tom Udall, D-N.M, right, speaks to an immigrant rights advocate at the statehouse in Santa Fe, N.M., Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Udall told advocates on Monday that President Donald Trump's travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries is "illegal and unconstitutional" and vowed to fight it with other Democratic senators. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) Elaine Thompson Isahaq Ahmed Rabi, left, smiles as he stands with his wife during a news conference shortly after Rabi's arrival Monday, Feb. 6, 2017, at Seattle Tacoma International Airport, in SeaTac, Wash. Rabi was blocked from entry to the U.S. last week due to President Donald Trump's immigration order. Rabi is a citizen of Somalia. His wife is a U.S. citizen. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson) AP Tech firms take stand against travel ban, risking backlash By MAE ANDERSON and MICHAEL LIEDTKE AP Technology Writers Feb 6, 2017 Updated Feb 6, 2017 0 Alexander F. Yuan Iranian bioengineering researcher Nima Enayati walks out of a gate after arriving at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. The Ph.D. candidate at a university in Milan, was prevented from boarding a flight to the U.S. on Jan. 30. He had a visa to conduct research on robotic surgery at Stanford University in California. (AP Photo/Alexander F. Yuan) Alex Sanz Nazanin Zinouri, 29, is greeted at the Greenville-Spartanburg International Airport in Greer, S.C., with kisses from her dog Dexter and well-wishers holding signs reading "Welcome Home" on Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Zinouri, an Iranian engineer and Clemson University graduate, had been unable to return to the United States because of the executive order President Donald Trump signed that limited travel to the U.S. from seven Muslim-majority countries. (AP Photo/Alex Sanz) HONS This photo provided by Airbnb shows a still image from the company's Super Bowl 51 spot. Airbnb is following up its Super Bowl ad calling for acceptance with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need. An announcement on the rental service's website says it plans to start with refugees, disaster survivors and relief workers, but wants "to accommodate many more types of displaced people over time." (Airbnb via AP) Jeff Chiu FILE - In this April 19, 2016, file photo, Airbnb co-founder and CEO Brian Chesky speaks during an event in San Francisco. Airbnb is following up its Super Bowl ad on Feb. 5, 2017, calling for acceptance with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) Russell Contreras Sen. Tom Udall, D-New Mexico, speaks to immigrant rights advocates at the New Mexico Statehouse in Santa Fe, N.M., Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Udall told advocates on Monday that President Donald Trump's travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries is "illegal and unconstitutional" and vowed to fight it with other Democratic senators. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) Russell Contreras Sen. Tom Udall, D-N.M, right, speaks to an immigrant rights advocate at the statehouse in Santa Fe, N.M., Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Udall told advocates on Monday that President Donald Trump's travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries is "illegal and unconstitutional" and vowed to fight it with other Democratic senators. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) Elaine Thompson Isahaq Ahmed Rabi, left, smiles as he stands with his wife during a news conference shortly after Rabi's arrival Monday, Feb. 6, 2017, at Seattle Tacoma International Airport, in SeaTac, Wash. Rabi was blocked from entry to the U.S. last week due to President Donald Trump's immigration order. Rabi is a citizen of Somalia. His wife is a U.S. citizen. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson) SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Through a Super Bowl ad, public statements and court filings, Silicon Valley's biggest companies are taking a strong stand against President Donald Trump's travel ban, saying high tech needs immigrants' creativity and energy to stay competitive. Although the companies are risking a backlash from customers who side with Trump, they say the pushback is necessary for an industry dependent on thousands of highly skilled foreign workers. About 58 percent of the engineers and other high-skill employees in Silicon Valley were born outside the U.S., according to the Silicon Valley Leadership Group, an industry trade group. "Immigration and innovation go hand in hand," said Carl Guardino, the group's CEO. "This cuts so deeply into the bone and marrow of what fuels the innovation economy that very few CEOs feel the luxury of sitting on the sidelines. So people are going to stand up and speak up." The tech industry contends there aren't enough Americans with the specialized skills these companies need. Though critics contend that companies favor immigrants because they can pay them less, tech companies argue that the ban would pressure them to move some operations abroad. "A lot of these companies will really struggle if all of a sudden we turn off the spigot," said Greg Morrisett, dean of computing and information sciences at Cornell University. In a court filing Sunday against the ban, 97 companies, including such major tech players as Google, Apple, Microsoft, eBay, Netflix, Facebook and Twitter, also spoke of the entrepreneurial spirit of "people who choose to leave everything that is familiar and journey to an unknown land to make a new life." Google CEO Sundar Pichai and Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella both came from India. Google co-founder Sergey Brin is a Russian refugee who moved to the U.S. as a boy. The father of Apple's late co-founder, Steve Jobs, immigrated from Syria. Tech worker Ehsaan Taeb, 28, said his whole family is in Iran and knowing his parents won't be able to visit him has added stress to his life. But seeing his company and other tech companies taking a stand against the ban has heartened him, he said. "When you see your employer and other companies make that kind of effort, that makes me feel very supported and in a community that's thoughtful and caring," said Taeb, who works in support at Checkr, a software company that provides background checks for businesses. The Silicon Valley Leadership Group estimates that half the companies in the region were co-founded by an immigrant or are now led by a CEO from outside the U.S. In signing an executive order Jan. 27 that would temporarily ban people from seven Muslim-majority countries, Trump said he was trying to protect Americans by preventing terrorists from slipping into the country. The administration says the president has the constitutional authority to decide who can enter. During the Super Bowl, several companies ran ads that promoted diversity and inclusion, as marketers tried to reach both sides of a consumer base roiled by the election. One of the most overtly political was from Airbnb, a company that matches travelers with places to stay. The San Francisco company showed close-ups of people with different ethnicities. A narrator says: "We believe no matter who you are, where you're from, who you love or who you worship, we all belong. The world is more beautiful the more you accept." Airbnb followed up with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need, starting with refugees, disaster survivors and relief workers. The company also said it will donate $4 million over four years to the International Rescue Committee, joining many tech brethren in making financial contributions. Google set up a $4 million "crisis fund" in January to support organizations that are helping immigrants and refugees, while ride-hailing service Lyft pledged $1 million over the next four years to the American Civil Liberties Union, one of the groups challenging the ban. And workers from Google and Comcast workers have staged walkouts over the restriction. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. "I wouldn't be where I am today or have any kind of life that I have today if this was not a brave country that really stood out and spoke for liberty," Brin told a crowd of Google employees who walked out in protest last week. Tech companies risk alienating the many Americans who support Trump and his policies. But the risk is lower than that of, say, a company that makes consumer products with plenty of alternatives. It's much harder to boycott a Facebook or Google, where you have friends or your email address, said digital marketing analyst Rebecca Lieb. She added that people are less likely to toss out a $2,000 laptop or pricey mobile phone than change soft drinks. In fact, tech companies might be more wary of backlash from the anti-Trump side. Last week, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quit Trump's council of business leaders after an outcry from Uber customers and employees who were upset about the ban. In addition, most tech companies have operations around the world and risk alienating customers abroad if they stay silent. "We interact with a large global ecosystem and our businesses would not be here or be able to thrive without it," said Aaron Levie, CEO of Box Inc., an online storage service. "So our businesses are extremely sensitive, by default, to things that affect immigration and things that affect our relationship with the broader world." ___ Associated Press Writers Barbara Ortutay in New York and Chris Grygiel in Seattle contributed to this report. Mae Anderson reported from New York. Tags Wire Business General News Technology Travel Laws And Regulations Government Regulations Government And Politics Travel Lifestyle Religion And Politics Religious Issues Religion Social Affairs Social Issues Political Refugees Human Welfare Corporate Legal Affairs Corporate News Social Media Online Media Media Courts Judiciary Corporate Management Personnel Immigration Temporary Workers Labor Issues × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. More sports headlines Slow start dooms Muskie girls at North Muskie boys make big plays, hold off North in 2OT Friday's prep report: Columbus, Wapello girls pick up big wins PREP SCOREBOARD | Friday, Feb. 3 Saturday's sectional wrestling tournaments at a glance More on this topic Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass Smiles, a hug set tone for Trump's meeting with Japan's Abe Detroit Tigers, Red Wings owner Mike Ilitch dies at age 87 Detroit Tigers, Red Wings owner Mike Ilitch dies at age 87 Panama raids homes of law firm partners in Brazil bribe case Local Companies | FindTheCompany Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Most Popular 2002 Muskie boys honored 15 years after unexpected run to state Connie L. Meixner-Smith Vickie Webber Anderson L-M trio seize chances to continue careers in college "Just go be funny": MHS grad to record first comedy album in Iowa City Michael Dean Cubbage Hy-Vee Mainstreet provides ride vouchers to Southend residents ahead of WFO closing Woman charged after stabbing at Hotel Muscatine Limoges: Store closure brings back flood of memories Local veteran gets national VFW award Currents +14 World Afghanistan's groundbreaking female Shaolin fighters, in 14 photos Music Ranking the most successful album of the year winners Home and Garden 7 Valentine's Day deliveries that aren't flowers Green gets rare triple-double as Warriors beat Grizzlies Mariners constantly in motion with Jerry Dipoto in charge Adam Rosales is mentor for Hawaiian high school shortstop Kings rally from 22 down to beat Hawks 108-107 TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Video: Benefits of Rio's Olympic investment diminish Will Rosie O'Donnell play Bannon on 'SNL'? McConnell disagrees with Trump fraud claim Ex-NFL player: Athletes should speak out Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania Topics & Features Obituaries E-Edition Weather Contact Us River Levels Online Features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land AdWords Auctions Here's how Google's own ads impact bids & pricing AMP Change Google makes it easier to share publishers' real URLs Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Industry Get the best search news, tips and resources, delivered each day. SUBSCRIBE SearchCap: Google AMP URLs, Google Maps traffic & Super Bowl search ads Barry Schwartz on February 6, 2017 at 4:00 pm More Below is what happened in search today, as reported on Search Engine Land and from other places across the web. From Search Engine Land: Google makes it easier to see and share publishers’ real URLs from AMP pages Feb 6, 2017 by Danny Sullivan New anchor button enables copy-and-paste of URLs directly to publisher sites. SMX West low rates expire Saturday. Register now to master SEO and SEM! Feb 6, 2017 by Search Engine Land You won’t find these low rates again Register now for SMX West, March 21–23 in San Jose, and take advantage of Early Bird pricing! All Access Passes are just $1,795, a $200 savings compared to on-site rates. You’ll get three days of sessions, networking, expo hall and conveniences that make the experience productive and comfortable, including […] 84 Lumber and Avocados of Mexico among Super Bowl advertisers that stood out in paid search Feb 6, 2017 by Ginny Marvin Both advertisers opted to drive users to their own sites instead of YouTube. Google Maps updates Android app with real-time traffic info, nearby places & bus schedules Feb 6, 2017 by Amy Gesenhues Starting today, swiping up from the bottom of the Google Maps app home screen on Android displays a Places tab, Driving tab and Transit tab. 2016 was a coming-of-age year for Baidu SEO; why you should invest in 2017 Feb 6, 2017 by Hermes Ma Marketers have long considered organic search a lost cause on Baidu due to the abundance of ads, but new laws in China are changing the game. Contributor Hermes Ma discusses the state of Baidu SEO and provides recommendations for marketers looking to break into the market. Recent Headlines From Marketing Land, Our Sister Site Dedicated To Internet Marketing: When should advertisers consider pausing Google Local Inventory Ads? Super Bowl-related social activity was up Sunday on both Facebook & Twitter Top 10 Most Shared Super Bowl LI Ads: Budweiser’s immigration story shared more than any other ad The future of paid voice search and monetizing the map SMX West low rates expire Saturday. Register now to master SEO and SEM! TV maker VIZIO fined $2M for no-consent tracking of consumer viewing habits Top 10 Super Bowl LI Ads on YouTube: Anheuser-Busch brands Budweiser & Bud Light win big How mobile marketers can prepare for when tragedy strikes IBM’s Watson joins H&R Block to explain taxes to humans Super Bowl’s politically charged ads, like 84 Lumber’s, spark social buzz Hashtags in Super Bowl ads slip to 30% in 2017, overtaken by URL use in 41% #HashtagBowl Live Blog: All the Super Bowl 51 advertising action In real time Super Bowl LI advertisers: Here are the brands gearing up for game day Today’s the day: The 2017 Marketing Land #HashtagBowl is here! Google Home to star in new Super Bowl LI commercial Avoid the 7 deadly sins of mobile performance marketing Search News From Around The Web: Industry Google, unlike Microsoft, must turn over foreign emails: U.S. judge, Reuters Google and Facebook to help French newsrooms combat ‘fake news’ ahead of presidential election, VentureBeat How Google fought back against a crippling IoT-powered botnet and won, Ars Technica Matt Cutts Sends A Heart To His Google+ Followers, Search Engine Roundtable Link Building Google Won’t Tell Webmasters Which Links They Do Not Count, Search Engine Roundtable Searching Google Testing New Larger Rating Extension, serptests.com Google’s Home TV ad makes Google Home systems go crazy, CNBC SEO 10 Golden Strategies to Boost Your Local Search Rankings, SEM Rush February 2017 Google Webmaster Report: Algorithm Update, Interstitial Penalty, Link Operator & More, Search Engine Roundtable Google Confirms Site Moves Are A Pain, Search Engine Roundtable Resist Old On-Page SEO Tactics With These 5 Tricks, Moz Search Engine Optimization 2017 – 13 Things You Need To Know, John Lincoln, Ignite Visibility – YouTube SEO for Bloggers: A Basic Explanation, problogger.com SEM / Paid Search Get the skinny on AdExchanger’s Industry Preview, Bing Ads Blog About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Related Topics Channel: IndustrySearchCap Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Attend The Marketing Disruptions Webinar The marketing world faces five major disruptions that are reshaping the industry. Don't get left behind! Attend this LIVE webinar on February 14 and learn how you can leverage them to your advantage. Register today! White Papers The Digital Marketer’s Guide to AI-Powered CRO Using Marketing Automation and Sales Strategy as a Foundation for Profitable Growth Website Redesign RFP: A Step-By-Step Guide To Creating An RFP For Your Website Project How to Use Live Chat to Increase Conversion Data for Retailers See More Whitepapers Webcasts Build Your Ultimate Martech Stack Intro to Agile Marketing: Work faster and smarter by changing how you work Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Jobs Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 38° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Overcast. Slight chance of a rain shower. High 41F. Winds light and variable.. Tonight Rain showers early mixing with snow showers late. Low 34F. Winds NNW at less than 5 mph, becoming WSW and increasing to 10 to 20 mph. Chance of precip 60%. Updated: February 11, 2017 @ 2:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close 1 of 7 Alexander F. Yuan Iranian bioengineering researcher Nima Enayati walks out of a gate after arriving at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. The Ph.D. candidate at a university in Milan, was prevented from boarding a flight to the U.S. on Jan. 30. He had a visa to conduct research on robotic surgery at Stanford University in California. (AP Photo/Alexander F. Yuan) Alex Sanz Nazanin Zinouri, 29, is greeted at the Greenville-Spartanburg International Airport in Greer, S.C., with kisses from her dog Dexter and well-wishers holding signs reading "Welcome Home" on Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Zinouri, an Iranian engineer and Clemson University graduate, had been unable to return to the United States because of the executive order President Donald Trump signed that limited travel to the U.S. from seven Muslim-majority countries. (AP Photo/Alex Sanz) HONS This photo provided by Airbnb shows a still image from the company's Super Bowl 51 spot. Airbnb is following up its Super Bowl ad calling for acceptance with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need. An announcement on the rental service's website says it plans to start with refugees, disaster survivors and relief workers, but wants "to accommodate many more types of displaced people over time." (Airbnb via AP) Jeff Chiu FILE - In this April 19, 2016, file photo, Airbnb co-founder and CEO Brian Chesky speaks during an event in San Francisco. Airbnb is following up its Super Bowl ad on Feb. 5, 2017, calling for acceptance with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) Russell Contreras Sen. Tom Udall, D-New Mexico, speaks to immigrant rights advocates at the New Mexico Statehouse in Santa Fe, N.M., Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Udall told advocates on Monday that President Donald Trump's travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries is "illegal and unconstitutional" and vowed to fight it with other Democratic senators. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) Russell Contreras Sen. Tom Udall, D-N.M, right, speaks to an immigrant rights advocate at the statehouse in Santa Fe, N.M., Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Udall told advocates on Monday that President Donald Trump's travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries is "illegal and unconstitutional" and vowed to fight it with other Democratic senators. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) Elaine Thompson Isahaq Ahmed Rabi, left, smiles as he stands with his wife during a news conference shortly after Rabi's arrival Monday, Feb. 6, 2017, at Seattle Tacoma International Airport, in SeaTac, Wash. Rabi was blocked from entry to the U.S. last week due to President Donald Trump's immigration order. Rabi is a citizen of Somalia. His wife is a U.S. citizen. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson) AP Tech firms take stand against travel ban, risking backlash By MAE ANDERSON and MICHAEL LIEDTKE AP Technology Writers Feb 6, 2017 Updated Feb 6, 2017 0 Alexander F. Yuan Iranian bioengineering researcher Nima Enayati walks out of a gate after arriving at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. The Ph.D. candidate at a university in Milan, was prevented from boarding a flight to the U.S. on Jan. 30. He had a visa to conduct research on robotic surgery at Stanford University in California. (AP Photo/Alexander F. Yuan) Alex Sanz Nazanin Zinouri, 29, is greeted at the Greenville-Spartanburg International Airport in Greer, S.C., with kisses from her dog Dexter and well-wishers holding signs reading "Welcome Home" on Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Zinouri, an Iranian engineer and Clemson University graduate, had been unable to return to the United States because of the executive order President Donald Trump signed that limited travel to the U.S. from seven Muslim-majority countries. (AP Photo/Alex Sanz) HONS This photo provided by Airbnb shows a still image from the company's Super Bowl 51 spot. Airbnb is following up its Super Bowl ad calling for acceptance with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need. An announcement on the rental service's website says it plans to start with refugees, disaster survivors and relief workers, but wants "to accommodate many more types of displaced people over time." (Airbnb via AP) Jeff Chiu FILE - In this April 19, 2016, file photo, Airbnb co-founder and CEO Brian Chesky speaks during an event in San Francisco. Airbnb is following up its Super Bowl ad on Feb. 5, 2017, calling for acceptance with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) Russell Contreras Sen. Tom Udall, D-New Mexico, speaks to immigrant rights advocates at the New Mexico Statehouse in Santa Fe, N.M., Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Udall told advocates on Monday that President Donald Trump's travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries is "illegal and unconstitutional" and vowed to fight it with other Democratic senators. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) Russell Contreras Sen. Tom Udall, D-N.M, right, speaks to an immigrant rights advocate at the statehouse in Santa Fe, N.M., Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Udall told advocates on Monday that President Donald Trump's travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries is "illegal and unconstitutional" and vowed to fight it with other Democratic senators. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) Elaine Thompson Isahaq Ahmed Rabi, left, smiles as he stands with his wife during a news conference shortly after Rabi's arrival Monday, Feb. 6, 2017, at Seattle Tacoma International Airport, in SeaTac, Wash. Rabi was blocked from entry to the U.S. last week due to President Donald Trump's immigration order. Rabi is a citizen of Somalia. His wife is a U.S. citizen. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson) SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Through a Super Bowl ad, public statements and court filings, Silicon Valley's biggest companies are taking a strong stand against President Donald Trump's travel ban, saying high tech needs immigrants' creativity and energy to stay competitive. Although the companies are risking a backlash from customers who side with Trump, they say the pushback is necessary for an industry dependent on thousands of highly skilled foreign workers. About 58 percent of the engineers and other high-skill employees in Silicon Valley were born outside the U.S., according to the Silicon Valley Leadership Group, an industry trade group. "Immigration and innovation go hand in hand," said Carl Guardino, the group's CEO. "This cuts so deeply into the bone and marrow of what fuels the innovation economy that very few CEOs feel the luxury of sitting on the sidelines. So people are going to stand up and speak up." The tech industry contends there aren't enough Americans with the specialized skills these companies need. Though critics contend that companies favor immigrants because they can pay them less, tech companies argue that the ban would pressure them to move some operations abroad. "A lot of these companies will really struggle if all of a sudden we turn off the spigot," said Greg Morrisett, dean of computing and information sciences at Cornell University. In a court filing Sunday against the ban, 97 companies, including such major tech players as Google, Apple, Microsoft, eBay, Netflix, Facebook and Twitter, also spoke of the entrepreneurial spirit of "people who choose to leave everything that is familiar and journey to an unknown land to make a new life." Google CEO Sundar Pichai and Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella both came from India. Google co-founder Sergey Brin is a Russian refugee who moved to the U.S. as a boy. The father of Apple's late co-founder, Steve Jobs, immigrated from Syria. Tech worker Ehsaan Taeb, 28, said his whole family is in Iran and knowing his parents won't be able to visit him has added stress to his life. But seeing his company and other tech companies taking a stand against the ban has heartened him, he said. "When you see your employer and other companies make that kind of effort, that makes me feel very supported and in a community that's thoughtful and caring," said Taeb, who works in support at Checkr, a software company that provides background checks for businesses. The Silicon Valley Leadership Group estimates that half the companies in the region were co-founded by an immigrant or are now led by a CEO from outside the U.S. In signing an executive order Jan. 27 that would temporarily ban people from seven Muslim-majority countries, Trump said he was trying to protect Americans by preventing terrorists from slipping into the country. The administration says the president has the constitutional authority to decide who can enter. During the Super Bowl, several companies ran ads that promoted diversity and inclusion, as marketers tried to reach both sides of a consumer base roiled by the election. One of the most overtly political was from Airbnb, a company that matches travelers with places to stay. The San Francisco company showed close-ups of people with different ethnicities. A narrator says: "We believe no matter who you are, where you're from, who you love or who you worship, we all belong. The world is more beautiful the more you accept." Airbnb followed up with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need, starting with refugees, disaster survivors and relief workers. The company also said it will donate $4 million over four years to the International Rescue Committee, joining many tech brethren in making financial contributions. Google set up a $4 million "crisis fund" in January to support organizations that are helping immigrants and refugees, while ride-hailing service Lyft pledged $1 million over the next four years to the American Civil Liberties Union, one of the groups challenging the ban. And workers from Google and Comcast workers have staged walkouts over the restriction. "I wouldn't be where I am today or have any kind of life that I have today if this was not a brave country that really stood out and spoke for liberty," Brin told a crowd of Google employees who walked out in protest last week. Tech companies risk alienating the many Americans who support Trump and his policies. But the risk is lower than that of, say, a company that makes consumer products with plenty of alternatives. It's much harder to boycott a Facebook or Google, where you have friends or your email address, said digital marketing analyst Rebecca Lieb. She added that people are less likely to toss out a $2,000 laptop or pricey mobile phone than change soft drinks. In fact, tech companies might be more wary of backlash from the anti-Trump side. Last week, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quit Trump's council of business leaders after an outcry from Uber customers and employees who were upset about the ban. In addition, most tech companies have operations around the world and risk alienating customers abroad if they stay silent. "We interact with a large global ecosystem and our businesses would not be here or be able to thrive without it," said Aaron Levie, CEO of Box Inc., an online storage service. "So our businesses are extremely sensitive, by default, to things that affect immigration and things that affect our relationship with the broader world." ___ Associated Press Writers Barbara Ortutay in New York and Chris Grygiel in Seattle contributed to this report. Mae Anderson reported from New York. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Tags Wire Business General News Technology Travel Laws And Regulations Government Regulations Government And Politics Travel Lifestyle Religion And Politics Religious Issues Religion Social Affairs Social Issues Political Refugees Human Welfare Corporate Legal Affairs Corporate News Social Media Online Media Media Courts Judiciary Corporate Management Personnel Immigration Temporary Workers Labor Issues × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Steve Cahalan: Global Grounds opens in former McCaffrey’s Coffee After half-century, flags are still mainstay at Nelson Flag & Display Obamas join Richard Branson for private island getaway Kellogg cites costs in New York distribution site closure Disney's wonderful world may be too good to last Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Tech firms take stand against travel ban, risking backlash - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News Black History Month 2016 Heart headlines My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Chopper 5 Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Sports Friday Football Fever 2016 Olympic Games College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Our local commitment WMC-TV 5 Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 Station History WMC-TV 5 Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Tech firms take stand against travel ban, risking backlash 2017-02-07T03:07:37Z2017-02-07T03:07:37Z (AP Photo/Alexander F. Yuan). Iranian bioengineering researcher Nima Enayati walks out of a gate after arriving at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. The Ph.D. candidate at a university in Milan, was prevented from... Also on WMCTV.COMMore>> Appeals court weighs Trump ban as travelers arrive to tears Appeals court weighs Trump ban as travelers arrive to tears Posted: Monday, February 6 2017 10:17 PM EST2017-02-07 03:17:31 GMT Updated: Monday, February 6 2017 10:17 PM EST2017-02-07 03:17:31 GMT "The president is not a dictator," said Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-CA. "He is the chief executive of our country. And there is a tension between the branches of government." More >> The fierce battle over President Donald Trump's travel and refugee ban edged up the judicial escalator Monday, headed for a possible final face-off at the Supreme Court.More >> Republicans seek distance from Trump's comments on Putin, US Republicans seek distance from Trump's comments on Putin, US Posted: Monday, February 6 2017 3:22 PM EST2017-02-06 20:22:24 GMT Updated: Monday, February 6 2017 3:22 PM EST2017-02-06 20:22:48 GMT Some fellow Republicans have taken a step back from President Donald Trump's latest comments about Russian President Vladimir Putin.More >> Some fellow Republicans have taken a step back from President Donald Trump's latest comments about Russian President Vladimir Putin.More >> Trump's early foreign travel schedule taking shape Trump's early foreign travel schedule taking shape President Donald Trump's early foreign travel schedule is beginning to take shape _ and Europe is the destinationMore >> President Donald Trump's early foreign travel schedule is beginning to take shape _ and Europe is the destinationMore >> Travelers denied entry a week ago, now arriving in US Travelers denied entry a week ago, now arriving in US Posted: Monday, February 6 2017 3:30 AM EST2017-02-06 08:30:46 GMT Updated: Monday, February 6 2017 3:30 AM EST2017-02-06 08:30:46 GMT Travelers from the seven Muslim-majority countries targeted by President Donald Trump who were denied entry into the U.S. a week ago are arriving at airports around the country and into the open arms of their loved...More >> Travelers from the seven Muslim-majority countries targeted by President Donald Trump who were denied entry into the U.S. a week ago are arriving at airports around the country and into the open arms of their loved onesMore >> Trump says to blame judge if 'something happens' Trump says to blame judge if 'something happens' A federal appeals court denied a motion to immediately reinstate President Donald Trump's travel ban, leaving the order suspended pending further legal action.More >> A federal appeals court denied a motion to immediately reinstate President Donald Trump's travel ban, leaving the order suspended pending further legal action.More >> By MAE ANDERSON and MICHAEL LIEDTKE AP Technology Writers SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - Through a Super Bowl ad, public statements and court filings, Silicon Valley's biggest companies are taking a strong stand against President Donald Trump's travel ban, saying high tech needs immigrants' creativity and energy to stay competitive. Although the companies are risking a backlash from customers who side with Trump, they say the pushback is necessary for an industry dependent on thousands of highly skilled foreign workers. About 58 percent of the engineers and other high-skill employees in Silicon Valley were born outside the U.S., according to the Silicon Valley Leadership Group, an industry trade group. "Immigration and innovation go hand in hand," said Carl Guardino, the group's CEO. "This cuts so deeply into the bone and marrow of what fuels the innovation economy that very few CEOs feel the luxury of sitting on the sidelines. So people are going to stand up and speak up." The tech industry contends there aren't enough Americans with the specialized skills these companies need. Though critics contend that companies favor immigrants because they can pay them less, tech companies argue that the ban would pressure them to move some operations abroad. "A lot of these companies will really struggle if all of a sudden we turn off the spigot," said Greg Morrisett, dean of computing and information sciences at Cornell University. In a court filing Sunday against the ban, 97 companies, including such major tech players as Google, Apple, Microsoft, eBay, Netflix, Facebook and Twitter, also spoke of the entrepreneurial spirit of "people who choose to leave everything that is familiar and journey to an unknown land to make a new life." Google CEO Sundar Pichai and Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella both came from India. Google co-founder Sergey Brin is a Russian refugee who moved to the U.S. as a boy. The father of Apple's late co-founder, Steve Jobs, immigrated from Syria. Tech worker Ehsaan Taeb, 28, said his whole family is in Iran and knowing his parents won't be able to visit him has added stress to his life. But seeing his company and other tech companies taking a stand against the ban has heartened him, he said. "When you see your employer and other companies make that kind of effort, that makes me feel very supported and in a community that's thoughtful and caring," said Taeb, who works in support at Checkr, a software company that provides background checks for businesses. The Silicon Valley Leadership Group estimates that half the companies in the region were co-founded by an immigrant or are now led by a CEO from outside the U.S. In signing an executive order Jan. 27 that would temporarily ban people from seven Muslim-majority countries, Trump said he was trying to protect Americans by preventing terrorists from slipping into the country. The administration says the president has the constitutional authority to decide who can enter. During the Super Bowl, several companies ran ads that promoted diversity and inclusion, as marketers tried to reach both sides of a consumer base roiled by the election. One of the most overtly political was from Airbnb, a company that matches travelers with places to stay. The San Francisco company showed close-ups of people with different ethnicities. A narrator says: "We believe no matter who you are, where you're from, who you love or who you worship, we all belong. The world is more beautiful the more you accept." Airbnb followed up with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need, starting with refugees, disaster survivors and relief workers. The company also said it will donate $4 million over four years to the International Rescue Committee, joining many tech brethren in making financial contributions. Google set up a $4 million "crisis fund" in January to support organizations that are helping immigrants and refugees, while ride-hailing service Lyft pledged $1 million over the next four years to the American Civil Liberties Union, one of the groups challenging the ban. And workers from Google and Comcast workers have staged walkouts over the restriction. "I wouldn't be where I am today or have any kind of life that I have today if this was not a brave country that really stood out and spoke for liberty," Brin told a crowd of Google employees who walked out in protest last week. Tech companies risk alienating the many Americans who support Trump and his policies. But the risk is lower than that of, say, a company that makes consumer products with plenty of alternatives. It's much harder to boycott a Facebook or Google, where you have friends or your email address, said digital marketing analyst Rebecca Lieb. She added that people are less likely to toss out a $2,000 laptop or pricey mobile phone than change soft drinks. In fact, tech companies might be more wary of backlash from the anti-Trump side. Last week, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quit Trump's council of business leaders after an outcry from Uber customers and employees who were upset about the ban. In addition, most tech companies have operations around the world and risk alienating customers abroad if they stay silent. "We interact with a large global ecosystem and our businesses would not be here or be able to thrive without it," said Aaron Levie, CEO of Box Inc., an online storage service. "So our businesses are extremely sensitive, by default, to things that affect immigration and things that affect our relationship with the broader world." ___ Associated Press Writers Barbara Ortutay in New York and Chris Grygiel in Seattle contributed to this report. Mae Anderson reported from New York. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More from WMCTV.COMMore>> Interactive Map: Trump's business deals versus refugee ban Interactive Map: Trump's business deals versus refugee ban The countries the Trump administration banned refuges from does not include countries where he has business ties. More >> The countries the Trump administration banned refuges from does not include countries where he has business ties.More >> National PoliticsMore>> Protesters meet new education secretary as she visits school Protesters meet new education secretary as she visits school Posted: Saturday, February 11 2017 3:51 AM EST2017-02-11 08:51:07 GMT Updated: Saturday, February 11 2017 3:51 AM EST2017-02-11 08:51:08 GMT Education Secretary Betsy DeVos' attempt to mend fences with teachers and parents across the country has gotten off to a rocky start. More >> Education Secretary Betsy DeVos' attempt to mend fences with teachers and parents across the country has gotten off to a rocky start.More >> Trump says he might give travel ban a tweak or a makeover Trump says he might give travel ban a tweak or a makeover Posted: Saturday, February 11 2017 3:05 AM EST2017-02-11 08:05:07 GMT Updated: Saturday, February 11 2017 3:05 AM EST2017-02-11 08:05:07 GMT President Donald Trump says he might give his refugee and immigration travel ban a second try, either as a revision or as a new order. More >> President Donald Trump says he might give his refugee and immigration travel ban a second try, either as a revision or as a new order.More >> Education union flyer instructs on responding to immigration officers Education union flyer instructs on responding to immigration officers Posted: Friday, February 10 2017 11:22 PM EST2017-02-11 04:22:32 GMT Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 11:53 PM EST2017-02-11 04:53:31 GMT The union for the Austin International School District has created a flyer that explains how to respond to federal immigration agents.   More >> The union for the Austin International School District has created a flyer that explains how to respond to federal immigration agents.   More >> AP FACT CHECK: Are immigration raids result of Trump policy? AP FACT CHECK: Are immigration raids result of Trump policy? Posted: Friday, February 10 2017 11:22 PM EST2017-02-11 04:22:59 GMT Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 11:22 PM EST2017-02-11 04:22:59 GMT (AP Photo/Nick Ut). Marlene Mosqueda, left, who's father was deported early Friday, Feb. 10, 2017, is comforted at a news conference by her attorney Karla Navarrette at The Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles (CHIRLA). Advocacy groups claim that Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers are rounding up people in large numbers around the country as part of stepped-up enforcement under President Donald Trump. More >> Advocacy groups claim that Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers are rounding up people in large numbers around the country as part of stepped-up enforcement under President Donald Trump.More >> New orders by Trump make law and order a key priority New orders by Trump make law and order a key priority Posted: Friday, February 10 2017 10:10 PM EST2017-02-11 03:10:57 GMT Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 10:10 PM EST2017-02-11 03:10:57 GMT With Jeff Sessions sworn in as attorney general, the Trump administration signaled some of its priorities in executive orders aimed at reducing crime and protecting police officers.More >> With Jeff Sessions sworn in as attorney general, the Trump administration signaled some of its priorities in executive orders aimed at reducing crime and protecting police officers.More >>    MultimediaMore>> Interactive Map: Trump's business deals versus refugee ban Interactive Map: Trump's business deals versus refugee ban The countries the Trump administration banned refuges from does not include countries where he has business ties. More >> The countries the Trump administration banned refuges from does not include countries where he has business ties.More >> Slideshow: Protests erupt over Trump travel ban Slideshow: Protests erupt over Trump travel ban Protesters gathered across the nation in response to an executive order issued by President Donald Trump that detained and deported immigrants and refugees.More >> Protesters gathered across the nation in response to an executive order issued by President Donald Trump that detained and deported immigrants and refugees.More >> Slideshow: Possible Trump Supreme Court nominees Slideshow: Possible Trump Supreme Court nominees As the Republican nominee, Donald Trump listed 21 conservatives from which he would choose to replace late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. More >> As the Republican nominee, Donald Trump listed 21 conservatives from which he would choose to replace late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.More >> Slideshow: Trump administration picks Slideshow: Trump administration picks The cabinet of President-elect Donald Trump is taking shape and includes billionaires and some blasts from the political past.More >> The cabinet of President-elect Donald Trump is taking shape and includes billionaires and some blasts from the political past.More >> Slideshow: Protests erupt around the country after Trump victory Slideshow: Protests erupt around the country after Trump victory Protestors gathered in several states around America and even in other countries following Donald Trump’s surprising victory as the President of the United States.More >> Protestors gathered in several states around America and even in other countries following Donald Trump’s surprising victory as the President of the United States.More >> Slideshow: World, nation react to Trump's election Slideshow: World, nation react to Trump's election People experienced a variety of emotions in reaction to Donald Trump becoming the president-elect. More >> People experienced a variety of emotions in reaction to Donald Trump becoming the president-elect. More >> Interactive Map: 2016 Electoral Results Interactive Map: 2016 Electoral Results Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump battle on Election Day for 270 electoral votes and a seat in the Oval Office.More >> Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump battle on Election Day for 270 electoral votes and a seat in the Oval Office.More >> Slideshow: Voters head to the polls on Election Day Slideshow: Voters head to the polls on Election Day It's a busy Election Day in the U.S., with voters across the country heading to the polls. On the ballot: the presidency and control of Congress.More >> It's a busy Election Day in the U.S., with voters across the country heading to the polls. On the ballot: the presidency and control of Congress.More >> Slideshow: Current, former Republicans who support Clinton Slideshow: Current, former Republicans who support Clinton When faced with the choice of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, some current and former members of the GOP say they are voting for Hillary Clinton instead.More >> When faced with the choice of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, some current and former members of the GOP say they are voting for Hillary Clinton instead.More >> Slideshow: Presidents and their illnesses Slideshow: Presidents and their illnesses From battle wounds to diseases, a number of maladies ravaged the health of the U.S. presidents.  More >> From battle wounds to diseases, a number of maladies ravaged the health of the U.S. presidents. More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Swanson: Travel ban effects felt in Minn. nursing homes, care Scarsella trial exhibits show deep-rooted racism before 5 were shot Lunds court battle continues with siblings taking company's side Athletes need better training on sexual misconduct, U says Dayton pitches $62 million expansion of college grant program Mr. Minnesota Basketball Award account's tweet draws ire Close game goes Wild's way in 2-1 shootout victory over Tampa Bay Pelicans, Anthony Davis demolish Wolves again Paisley Park alums put $25,000 jacket and more Prince items up for auction Ice Shanty Projects make a fun, meltable community on White Bear Lake Coen brothers set to bring back 'Scarface' in 2018 next Business 412946863 Tech giants join together to fight travel ban, telling court it would harm economy Apple, Google, Facebook among nearly 100 to file.  By Carlos Tejada and Paul Mozur New York Times February 6, 2017 — 4:57pm Jason Henry &#x2022; New York Times Many tech workers have called for their executives to push back against President Donald Trump’s immigration order, including at Google headquarters in Mountain View, Calif., above. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint Some of Silicon Valley's biggest names have joined the court fight against President Donald Trump's immigration restrictions, as heavyweights like Apple, Google and Facebook warned that the limits could hurt the country's economy. In a filing to a federal appeals court dated Sunday, nearly 100 technology companies argued that Trump's temporary ban on all visitors from seven predominantly Muslim countries would hurt their businesses and violate both immigration law and the U.S. Constitution. A lower court Friday temporarily halted critical parts of the ban, but the Trump administration is fighting to have them reinstated. The issue is set to be considered this week by the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, based in San Francisco. "The tremendous impact of immigrants on America — and on American business — is not happenstance," the companies said in a friend-of-the-court filing. "People who choose to leave everything that is familiar and journey to an unknown land to make a new life necessarily are endowed with drive, creativity, determination — and just plain guts." "The energy they bring to America," it said, "is a key reason why the American economy has been the greatest engine of prosperity and innovation in history." In addition to Apple, Facebook and Google, major technology names that signed the brief included Microsoft, Uber, Twitter, Airbnb, Intel and Snap, the parent of Snapchat. A few names from outside the technology field, like Levi Strauss, the jeans maker, and Chobani, a yogurt company, also signed the brief. The filing is likely to fray already tense relations between Trump and the technology industry. Its most prominent figures largely backed Trump's rival, Hillary Clinton, in last year's election campaign. The tech industry's top executives have faced a balancing act. Challenging Trump's policies could invite political blowback, particularly from a president who is unafraid to call out companies publicly. At the same time, they have an outspoken employee base that views Trump's economic nationalism as anathema to the globalization that has given rise to many of the companies. Many tech workers are immigrants or from second-generation families, and Silicon Valley itself has a history of immigrants founding and leading some of its most impressive companies. A number of tech executives initially tried to work with the administration, but a surge in opposition to Trump's immigration order led tech workers to call for their executives to push back. Last week Uber's founder and CEO Travis Kalanick stepped down from Trump's economic advisory council after pressure from employees, customers and drivers. The filing is also likely to set off speculation about why some companies did not sign the filing. Prominent technology names that did not sign include Oracle, the big database company; Hewlett-Packard, the computer maker and tech services company; and Tesla, the electric-car company. Company officials could not be reached for comment. Elon Musk of Tesla is on the council that Kalanick quit. He wrote on Twitter on Sunday, "Activists should be pushing for more moderates to advise President, not fewer. How could having only extremists advise him possibly be good?" View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune New orders by Trump make law and order a key priority I-94 project through Mpls. promises to be a doozy for motorists Trump team relaxes EPA restrictions on media and contracts Business Highlights Gophers return to sideline for national anthem Business briefing: Retail sales slump 0.3 percent in August Federal judges to hear arguments defending Trump travel ban More From Business Business Just Updated Sunday conversation with Melissa DeLay, Minneapolis consultant who helps execs speak and write better For five years, Melissa DeLay, of Minneapolis-based TruPerception, has helped executives communicate better. Variety 2:40am Sargento recalls cheese due to possible contamination Wisconsin-based cheesemaker Sargento Foods Inc. is recalling a specialty cheese because of possible bacterial contamination. National 2:20am Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass When President Donald Trump rages about unfair trading practices, he usually directs his ire at China and Mexico. National 2:00am Smiles, a hug set tone for Trump's meeting with Japan's Abe President Donald Trump, fresh off patching up ties with China, reassured Japan's leader that the U.S. will defend its close ally. Together, the pronouncements illustrated a shift toward a more mainstream Trump stance on U.S. policy toward Asia. Business 1:30am Hockey prepares Plan B if NHL players don't go to Olympics If the NHL doesn't send its players to the 2018 Winter Olympics, the hockey tournament in Pyeongchang will look familiar.It will look a lot like… Top Stories Swanson: Travel ban effects felt in Minn. nursing homes, care 12:19am Scarsella trial exhibits show deep-rooted racism before 5 were shot Feb. 10 Lunds court battle continues with siblings taking company's side Feb. 10 Most Read Lunds court battle continues with siblings taking company's side • Business Zift Medical looks to take physical, financial pain out of brow lifts • Business Target launches new mini-accelerator for health-related start-ups • Business Delta CEO announces job growth plan after meeting with Trump • Business General Mills, other major food companies, to see fruits of cost-cutting programs this year • Business World Powerful quake kills at least 6 in southern Philippines France is on edge as more terror arrests made Nation Sweeping immigration enforcement raids occur in at least 6 states Army lifts ban on dreadlocks, and black servicewomen rejoice Politics Angry voters flood town halls of GOP lawmakers Dayton pitches $62 million expansion of college grant program markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Close game goes Wild's way in 2-1 shootout victory over Tampa Bay Ryan Carter, with nothing certain, gives Wild another try Wolves Pelicans, Anthony Davis demolish Wolves again Pelicans coach full of praise for Lance Stephenson Gophers Gophers' Murphy focuses on rebounds; scoring follows suit Athletes need better training on sexual misconduct, U says Celebrities Coen brothers set to bring back 'Scarface' in 2018 Museum ends Shia LaBeouf project, citing safety concerns Vikings Vikings release offensive linemen Fusco and Harris Why Randy Moss is a first-ballot Hall of Famer — and why he could be denied poll Poll: What are the Gophers chances of making the NCAA men's basketba... 10,000 Takes My secret to making friends in the Twin Cities? Lots of Tinder dates Jana Shortal: Mary Tyler Moore left the light on for newswomen like me Featured Gallery Inauguration Day: Trump becomes America's 45th president 37 photos As Donald Trump began Inauguration Day Trump supporters flocked to the nation's ... Featured Video Unsure when next ones will come, Minnesota welcomes refugees 02:10 Refugee workers turned out in force to greet a family from Afghanistan at Minneapolis-St. ... Taste 9 Twin Cities bars and restaurants where you can warm up by a great fireplace Resistance is futile with one of these luscious Valentine's Day desserts StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Britain’s largest network operator defends Google in EU Android antitrust case Julian Chokkattu Digital TrendsFebruary 6, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share bt defends google headquartersMore Ken Wolter/123RF BT, a telecommunications provider in the United Kingdom, has sent a letter to the European Commission announcing its support for Google in an ongoing antitrust case involving Android, the world’s largest mobile operating system. The European Commission alleges that Google is using Android’s dominant market share as a way to push its own apps and services, like Search, Drive, YouTube, and Google Maps. Anyone is free to use Android, but if a manufacturer wants access to the Google Play Store — where about 2.6 million apps reside — they have to sign the Mobile Application Distribution Agreement and prioritize Google’s apps. More: Microsoft’s unified user interface may be the namesake of Google’s hybrid OS Manufacturers can still preload their own apps or ones from competing services like Microsoft — this is one of the points BT calls out in its letter to the European Union. According to Reuters, BT said the carrier is “free to preinstall its own or third-party apps on devices alongside preloaded Google apps.” “We also said that, as an app provider, we value the ongoing stability and compatibility of operating systems, whether they are ‘open source’ or ‘closed source,'” a BT spokesperson told Reuters. If a manufacturer wants to preload Google apps, they must sign the Anti-Fragmentation Agreement and not sell devices running a modified version of Android — Google says this ensures that apps are able to work across a wide number of Android devices. More: Goodbye static backgrounds: Our favorite free live wallpapers for Android “Our voluntary compatibility agreements enable variety while giving developers confidence to create apps that run seamlessly across thousands of different phones and tablets,” Kent Walker, Google’s general counsel, previously wrote in a blog post. “This balance stimulates competition between Android devices as well as between Android and Apple’s iPhone.” It’s unclear why exactly BT decided to send a letter announcing its position on the case, but it is Britain’s largest operator so its words likely won’t be taken for granted. Google now requires OEMs to leave Android’s notification bundling features alone Germany fights back as lawsuit against the U.S.-EU Privacy Shield heats up Google tells European Commission that Android offers 'choice at every turn' Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Your first look at 'Avengers: Infinity War' CNET How to keep more of your 1099-MISC money TurboTax Self-EmployedSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Target’s big Apple Watch sale is still happening right now BGR News The Galaxy Note 7 disaster is forcing Samsung to make the Galaxy S8 worse BGR News Unlimited Data Talk and Text Sprint®Sponsored The White House employee who ensures Trump doesn’t get hacked has been fired BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Contact Us Contests News Feb 10, 2017 8:33 PM ESTMotorola’s ‘Transform the Smartphone’ Moto Mods chal... Feb 10, 2017 7:44 PM ESTNvidia Q4 2017 Earnings: Revenue soars by 55 percent following a recor... Feb 10, 2017 6:32 PM ESTMicrosoft Store discounts Fitbit trackers and Xbox One S consoles duri... Feb 10, 2017 5:12 PM ESTMicrosoft Build 2017 registration available February 14th Feb 10, 2017 2:44 PM ESTRogers customers are losing the ability to charge upgrades to their bill Feb 10, 2017 2:42 PM ESTMicrosoft teases Windows 10 ‘Neon’ redesign Feb 10, 2017 2:29 PM ESTVR comes to Google Chrome Feb 10, 2017 11:55 AM ESTSenior leadership of social publisher Buffer to leave company in the u... Carriers Feb 10, 2017 2:44 PM ESTRogers customers are losing the ability to charge upgrades to their bill Feb 10, 2017 11:55 AM ESTVideotron launches business internet that guarantees 99.9 percent uptime Feb 10, 2017 10:15 AM ESTRogers expands low-cost internet program to 15,000 households in Ottawa Feb 9, 2017 8:39 AM ESTTelus Q4 2016 Earnings: wireless network revenue increases to $1.7 bil... Feb 8, 2017 9:00 PM ESTTelus registers Pik TV trademark, hints at program guide with access t... Feb 8, 2017 7:25 PM ESTThe next wireless standard is officially ‘5G’ Feb 8, 2017 6:36 PM ESTChatr offers new data top-up feature, lets customers change plan online Feb 8, 2017 12:45 PM ESTFreedom Mobile calls on CRTC to do away with unlocking fees Manufacturers Feb 9, 2017 7:07 PM ESTGoogle Assistant on Pixel gains ‘home control’ smart devic... Feb 8, 2017 3:06 PM ESTDiscarded batteries cause fire at Chinese Samsung SDI plant Feb 7, 2017 6:55 PM ESTApple releases iOS 10.3 beta 2 to public testers Feb 3, 2017 5:07 PM ESTApple accused of ‘breaking Facetime’ to prompt users to up... Jan 30, 2017 3:15 PM ESTApple removes tool that lets you check if an iPhone has been stolen Jan 30, 2017 2:12 PM ESTBlackBerry CEO John Chen criticizes Trump’s immigration stance Jan 30, 2017 12:42 PM ESTGoogle creates $4 million fund for those affected by Trump travel ban Jan 25, 2017 5:19 PM ESTApple challenges Qualcomm with two new antitrust lawsuits Phones Feb 10, 2017 8:33 PM ESTMotorola’s ‘Transform the Smartphone’ Moto Mods chal... Feb 10, 2017 10:45 AM ESTGalaxy S8’s Bixby assistant built on S Voice and not new tech, s... Feb 9, 2017 4:36 PM ESTTelus VoLTE now supports recent iPhone models and LG Power X Feb 9, 2017 4:00 PM ESTSony Xperia X Performance Android Nougat update now available on Roger... Feb 9, 2017 3:19 PM ESTApple’s next flagship iPhone may end up its most expensive yet Feb 8, 2017 1:42 PM ESTSamsung to reportedly show off foldable smartphone prototype behind cl... Feb 8, 2017 11:18 AM ESTNexus 6P, Nexus 6 and BlackBerry Priv reach ‘End of Life’ ... Feb 8, 2017 9:41 AM ESTSony’s new camera sensor can capture slow-motion video at 1,000 ... Tablets Feb 6, 2017 10:14 AM ESTThe price is right with Lenovo’s thin new Yoga A12 2-in-1 Feb 1, 2017 10:09 AM ESTSamsung announces MWC keynote, likely to reveal Galaxy Tab S3 Jan 24, 2017 11:05 AM ESTDetachable Chrome OS tablets with Android app compatibility could be i... Jan 17, 2017 1:11 PM ESTMicrosoft drops prices on the Surface Pro 4 by up to $350 Jan 4, 2017 8:05 PM ESTGoogle’s 64GB Pixel C tablet is $100 off on the Google Store unt... Jan 4, 2017 6:32 PM ESTSamsung announces Chromebook Plus and Chromebook Pro with stylus and p... Dec 17, 2016 10:03 PM ESTMicrosoft Canada announces Holiday Super Sale Dec 6, 2016 3:00 AM ESTGlobal tablet shipments rebound after years of sweeping decline, says ... Wearables Feb 9, 2017 2:05 PM ESTOculus’ rocky 2017 continues following the closure of hundreds o... Feb 8, 2017 12:00 PM ESTHere are Android Wear 2.0’s 5 most interesting features Feb 8, 2017 12:00 PM ESTThe LG Watch Style and LG Watch Sport are coming to Canada soon Feb 8, 2017 12:00 PM ESTAsus ZenWatch 3, Moto 360 2nd Gen, Huawei Watch and more to get Androi... Feb 7, 2017 5:56 PM ESTThe ZTE Axon 7 is now Google Daydream VR compatible Feb 7, 2017 7:40 AM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – Oculus lawsuit awards $500 million to... Feb 6, 2017 5:42 PM ESTLeaked LG Watch Sport and Style user manual reveals Google Assistant d... Feb 4, 2017 12:31 PM ESTGoogle reportedly moves release of Android Wear 2.0 to February 8 Virtual Reality Feb 10, 2017 2:29 PM ESTVR comes to Google Chrome Feb 9, 2017 11:43 AM ESTMolson Canadian and Sportsnet bring 360 VR to NHL broadcasts Feb 1, 2017 4:43 PM ESTSony to release more PlayStation VR bundles this month Jan 30, 2017 11:42 AM ESTZeniMax now seeks $4 billion from Facebook-owned Oculus in court case Jan 27, 2017 3:06 PM ESTMicrosoft says it has sold thousands of HoloLens AR headsets Jan 26, 2017 10:24 AM ESTThe designer of the Vive has left HTC to work on Google Daydream Jan 26, 2017 10:00 AM ESTHugo Barra is now the head of Facebook’s virtual reality efforts Jan 25, 2017 1:12 PM ESTGoogle opens Daydream Access Program to all developers Apps/Games Feb 10, 2017 2:29 PM ESTVR comes to Google Chrome Feb 9, 2017 8:16 PM ESTNBA and Take-Two partner for eSports league Feb 9, 2017 1:01 PM ESTUberEats offering free pizza delivery in Toronto for National Pizza Day Feb 9, 2017 12:48 PM ESTApple Pro Apps Bundle for Education available today in Canada for $259 Feb 9, 2017 11:05 AM ESTFXNow app is now available for 4th Gen Apple TV in Canada Feb 9, 2017 7:32 AM ESTMADD Canada and Uber partner to fight drunk driving Feb 8, 2017 8:10 PM ESTGoogle Music and YouTube once again rumoured to be combining services Feb 8, 2017 6:17 PM ESTNintendo’s Switch won’t launch with a web browser Automotive Feb 8, 2017 4:49 PM ESTElon Musk says Tesla Model 3 won’t get 100kWh battery Feb 2, 2017 9:01 PM ESTOntario improves electric vehicle affordability with rebate boosts Jan 31, 2017 5:50 PM ESTUber partners with Daimler to introduce self-driving cars into its fleet Jan 31, 2017 8:31 AM ESTGM and Honda to mass-produce hydrogen fuel cells together Jan 30, 2017 5:56 PM ESTCar2go rolling out new Mercedes-Benz fleets in Vancouver and Toronto Jan 30, 2017 1:18 PM ESTRyerson engineering students present Hyperloop tech in Space X competi... Jan 18, 2017 5:20 PM ESTTesla expands its massive Gigafactory in Nevada to produce Model 3 motors Jan 18, 2017 1:47 PM ESTFord releases patent for in-vehicle social media camera to curb distra... Accessories Feb 10, 2017 8:33 PM ESTMotorola’s ‘Transform the Smartphone’ Moto Mods chal... Feb 10, 2017 8:39 AM EST$179.95 Beats X wireless headphones now available in Canada Feb 7, 2017 4:18 PM ESTApple’s wireless Beats X headphones set to launch on February 10th Feb 1, 2017 7:49 PM ESTCoin’s app and support services shut down February 28th Feb 1, 2017 5:10 PM ESTGoPro returns to market with Karma drone after recall Jan 27, 2017 12:56 PM ESTSatechi’s USB-C Power Meter aims to prevent bad cables from dest... Jan 24, 2017 4:31 PM ESTLeak reveals upcoming Huawei Watch 2 with optional cellular connectivity Jan 24, 2017 3:14 PM ESTApple adding ‘Find My AirPods’ feature in iOS 10.3 Reviews Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM ESTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 30, 2017 9:06 AM ESTBlackBerry’s Mercury smartphone to include the same camera senso... Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM ESTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 27, 2017 9:30 AM ESTAxon 7 Mini Hands-on: Small phone, big sound Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM ESTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM ESTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM ESTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Phones Jan 30, 2017 9:06 AM ESTBlackBerry’s Mercury smartphone to include the same camera senso... Jan 27, 2017 9:30 AM ESTAxon 7 Mini Hands-on: Small phone, big sound Dec 27, 2016 8:02 PM ESTHTC 10, six months later Dec 17, 2016 1:09 PM ESTOnePlus 3T Mini Review: Victory lap Dec 14, 2016 2:31 PM ESTHuawei Nova Plus review: A solid mid-range Android for the right price Dec 7, 2016 4:42 PM ESTAlcatel Idol 4 Review: Mid-range standout Nov 14, 2016 8:22 PM ESTBlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end Oct 31, 2016 10:44 AM ESTLG G5, six months later Tablets Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM ESTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM ESTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM ESTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EST9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM ESTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM ESTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Nov 20, 2015 9:01 AM ESTSurface Pro 4 review: Microsoft perfects the laptop/tablet hybrid formula Wearables Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM ESTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM ESTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM ESTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM ESTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM ESTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM ESTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 May 5, 2016 4:40 PM ESTFitbit Alta review: The perfect Fitbit for almost everyone Accessories Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM ESTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Dec 10, 2016 10:00 AM ESTNative Union’s Dock+ charging stand review: High-end charging Oct 3, 2016 11:25 AM ESTMoto Mods review: Decent start Sep 19, 2016 6:33 PM ESTAirPods Review: Welcome to the wireless future Sep 4, 2016 12:33 PM ESTSamsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye Aug 31, 2016 11:30 AM ESTVancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone int... Aug 2, 2016 7:31 PM ESTGear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play Jun 5, 2016 1:00 PM ESTweBoost Drive 4G-X review: Signal on the road Automotive Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM ESTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM ESTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EST2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EST2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM ESTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EST2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Dec 31, 2015 10:02 AM ESTAndroid Auto review Nov 30, 2015 9:00 AM ESTReview: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford ... Games Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM ESTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM ESTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM ESTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM ESTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM ESTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM ESTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM ESTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Dec 9, 2016 10:56 AM ESTPlayStation 4 Pro Review: Generational sidestep Apps Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM ESTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM ESTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM ESTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM ESTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM ESTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM ESTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM ESTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Aug 6, 2016 2:30 PM ESTKeep tabs on Canada’s Olympic progress with CBC Rio 2016 [App of... Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM ESTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM ESTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM ESTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM ESTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM ESTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM ESTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EST2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Feb 5, 2017 2:22 PM ESTAutoviva loves to talk about fast cars [Bot of the Week] Feb 4, 2017 6:13 PM ESTCreate dank Donald Draws memes with this Android app [App of the Week] Feb 4, 2017 1:47 PM ESTFire Emblem Heroes is Nintendo’s best mobile game yet [Game of t... Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM ESTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 29, 2017 5:48 PM ESTCanadian tech community pens open letter in response to Trump Jan 28, 2017 3:04 PM ESTMicrosoft’s Zo is hip, millennial and doesn’t make sense [... Jan 28, 2017 12:14 PM ESTIs ZTE’s crowd-sourced Hawkeye smartphone becoming high-end? Jan 28, 2017 10:50 AM ESTStay on track with Impossible Road [Game of the Week] Carriers Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM ESTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM ESTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM ESTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EST7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EST10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM ESTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM ESTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Jan 5, 2017 9:17 AM ESTZTE pushes forward on the same strategy with new devices Editorials Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM ESTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EST3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM ESTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM ESTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM ESTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM ESTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement Nov 17, 2016 2:00 AM ESTApple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full o... Nov 15, 2016 1:00 PM ESTHere’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like App/Game of the Week Feb 5, 2017 2:22 PM ESTAutoviva loves to talk about fast cars [Bot of the Week] Feb 4, 2017 6:13 PM ESTCreate dank Donald Draws memes with this Android app [App of the Week] Feb 4, 2017 1:47 PM ESTFire Emblem Heroes is Nintendo’s best mobile game yet [Game of t... Jan 28, 2017 3:04 PM ESTMicrosoft’s Zo is hip, millennial and doesn’t make sense [... Jan 28, 2017 10:50 AM ESTStay on track with Impossible Road [Game of the Week] Jan 28, 2017 10:20 AM ESTUse TO Ice Breakers to get closer to local art exhibits [App of the week] Jan 22, 2017 5:33 PM ESTBlast off to another world with Landing Confirmed [Game of the Week] Jan 22, 2017 2:01 PM ESTMeme yourself and your friends with Dankland [Bot of the Week] Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM ESTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM ESTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM ESTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM ESTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM ESTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Jan 29, 2017 5:48 PM ESTCanadian tech community pens open letter in response to Trump Jan 25, 2017 1:04 PM ESTWindows 10’s upcoming ‘Game Mode’ aims to improve PC... Jan 25, 2017 9:00 AM ESTCanadian AI innovators, your time is now Jan 23, 2017 10:47 AM ESTSamsung Canada says 95 percent of Note 7s have been returned Jan 21, 2017 1:24 PM EST12 wearable predictions for 2017 Jan 18, 2017 6:36 PM ESTEdward Snowden criticizes BlackBerry for its stance on privacy Jan 18, 2017 4:05 PM ESTHere’s how Canadian indie developers feel about the Nintendo Switch Jan 17, 2017 4:37 PM ESTToronto-based Nanoleaf’s modular Aurora lights will trip you out Resources Feb 10, 2017 3:04 PM ESTHow to watch the Grammy Awards in Canada Feb 8, 2017 3:32 PM EST4 tips to help new Fire Emblem Heroes players get the most out of the ... Feb 8, 2017 11:32 AM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save mobile data on Android Feb 3, 2017 2:12 PM ESTHow to watch Super Bowl LI in Canada Feb 1, 2017 6:22 PM ESTTwo long press tips that make Twitter for iOS faster Feb 1, 2017 12:42 PM ESTHow to block unwanted calls on iOS, Android and Windows phone Jan 19, 2017 2:25 PM ESTHow Canadians can watch the Presidential inauguration Jan 14, 2017 10:22 AM ESTHow to use iOS 10’s new Bedtime feature How-to's Feb 10, 2017 3:04 PM ESTHow to watch the Grammy Awards in Canada Feb 8, 2017 3:32 PM EST4 tips to help new Fire Emblem Heroes players get the most out of the ... Feb 8, 2017 11:32 AM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save mobile data on Android Feb 3, 2017 2:12 PM ESTHow to watch Super Bowl LI in Canada Feb 1, 2017 6:22 PM ESTTwo long press tips that make Twitter for iOS faster Feb 1, 2017 12:42 PM ESTHow to block unwanted calls on iOS, Android and Windows phone Jan 14, 2017 10:22 AM ESTHow to use iOS 10’s new Bedtime feature Jan 11, 2017 12:15 PM ESTFacebook says you can fix Android app battery issues by resetting the app Rate Plans Business Feb 10, 2017 7:44 PM ESTNvidia Q4 2017 Earnings: Revenue soars by 55 percent following a recor... Feb 10, 2017 11:55 AM ESTSenior leadership of social publisher Buffer to leave company in the u... Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM ESTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 2:33 PM ESTAirbnb in talks to buy Montreal-based Luxury Retreats to expand high-e... Feb 9, 2017 9:41 AM ESTTwitter Q4 2016 Earnings: Profit falls far below analyst estimates des... Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM ESTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 9, 2017 8:39 AM ESTTelus Q4 2016 Earnings: wireless network revenue increases to $1.7 bil... Feb 8, 2017 5:28 PM ESTGM Canada to open autonomous and connected vehicle centre in Markham, ... Carriers Feb 3, 2017 3:12 PM ESTThis is the last day to get Public Mobile’s late-2016 promo plan... Feb 2, 2017 8:31 AM ESTBell Q4 2016 Earnings: Subscriber base now at 8,468,872, $1.88b in rev... Feb 2, 2017 8:22 AM ESTTelus registers Digital City trademark to expand IoT focus Jan 26, 2017 12:15 PM ESTRogers Q4 2016 earnings: Average postpaid subscriber bill increases by... Jan 18, 2017 3:16 PM ESTBell’s residential service rates are increasing Jan 12, 2017 8:57 AM ESTShaw Q1 2017: Shaw quarterly profit cut in half due to Shomi shutdown Jan 12, 2017 7:44 AM ESTRogers registers ‘Other People’s Business’ trademark... Jan 11, 2017 7:11 PM ESTShaw launches new BlueSky IPTV platform to compete with Telus’ O... Security & Privacy Feb 7, 2017 3:05 PM ESTBlackBerry launches BBM Enterprise software development kit Feb 3, 2017 12:28 PM ESTCSIS unsure how many Canadians affected by illegal data program Jan 26, 2017 6:27 PM ESTD-Wave has a customer for its $15 million quantum computer Jan 16, 2017 9:03 PM ESTGovernment partners with IBM to open cybersecurity research centre at ... Jan 13, 2017 12:33 PM ESTMicrosoft acquires AI startup Maluuba Jan 5, 2017 7:24 AM ESTWarrants reveal Montreal journalist phone records to be part of invest... Dec 30, 2016 4:32 PM ESTFacebook buys information about users offline habits to improve its ads Dec 21, 2016 8:51 AM ESTCanadian telecoms oppose expanding police access to digital information Infrastructure Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM ESTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM ESTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM ESTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM ESTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Dec 6, 2016 1:48 PM ESTSaskTel expands LTE coverage in southwestern Saskatchewan Nov 23, 2016 12:17 PM ESTVirgin Mobile’s home internet service expands to Quebec Oct 18, 2016 12:59 PM ESTCalgary and Shaw Communications expand Wi-Fi to public recreation faci... Oct 12, 2016 6:09 PM ESTRogers says Unison saved small businesses ‘hundreds of thousands... Cloud Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM ESTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM ESTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM ESTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM ESTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM ESTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Jan 25, 2017 9:00 AM ESTCanadian AI innovators, your time is now Jan 24, 2017 7:31 AM ESTIntuit launches QuickBooks app for iOS and Android to help Canadians f... Jan 18, 2017 8:03 PM ESTIBM and Bell Canada partner to offer enterprise apps for iPhone users Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM ESTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM ESTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM ESTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM ESTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM ESTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM ESTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM ESTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... Jun 22, 2015 10:56 AM ESTHow smartphones are being used to make healthcare more accessible General Feb 10, 2017 7:44 PM ESTNvidia Q4 2017 Earnings: Revenue soars by 55 percent following a recor... Feb 10, 2017 11:55 AM ESTSenior leadership of social publisher Buffer to leave company in the u... Feb 9, 2017 2:33 PM ESTAirbnb in talks to buy Montreal-based Luxury Retreats to expand high-e... Feb 9, 2017 9:41 AM ESTTwitter Q4 2016 Earnings: Profit falls far below analyst estimates des... Feb 9, 2017 8:39 AM ESTTelus Q4 2016 Earnings: wireless network revenue increases to $1.7 bil... Feb 8, 2017 5:28 PM ESTGM Canada to open autonomous and connected vehicle centre in Markham, ... Feb 8, 2017 5:08 PM ESTAirbnb listings in Canada under the regulatory microscope Feb 8, 2017 7:41 AM ESTMontreal telemarketing group fined $450,000 for deceptive telemarketin... Syrup Community Feb 10, 2017 4:34 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 107: Owner of an ‘unlocked’ heart Feb 3, 2017 2:11 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 106: The Super Bowl of Android Wear is coming Jan 27, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 105: Will the Samsung Galaxy S8 still sell? Jan 20, 2017 2:14 PM ESTSyrupCast 104: ‘Switching’ to Freedom’s LTE network Jan 13, 2017 2:37 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 103: Automotive tech is the new darling of CES Jan 6, 2017 3:05 PM ESTSyrupCast 102: The ‘Mercury’ is rising Dec 30, 2016 9:32 AM ESTSyrupCast 101: Looking back on 2016 Dec 16, 2016 4:09 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 100: Ghosts of Christmas past SyrupCast Feb 10, 2017 4:34 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 107: Owner of an ‘unlocked’ heart Feb 3, 2017 2:11 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 106: The Super Bowl of Android Wear is coming Jan 27, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 105: Will the Samsung Galaxy S8 still sell? Jan 20, 2017 2:14 PM ESTSyrupCast 104: ‘Switching’ to Freedom’s LTE network Jan 13, 2017 2:37 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 103: Automotive tech is the new darling of CES Jan 6, 2017 3:05 PM ESTSyrupCast 102: The ‘Mercury’ is rising Dec 30, 2016 9:32 AM ESTSyrupCast 101: Looking back on 2016 Dec 16, 2016 4:09 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 100: Ghosts of Christmas past SyrupShop AUKEY 24W/4.8A Dual Port USB Home Travel Wall Charger Huawei P8 Lite SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter AUKEY USB Charger with Dual Quick Charge 3.0 Spigen Ultra Hybrid iPhone 7 Case with Air Cushioned Drop SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions Menu News Feb 10, 2017 8:33 PM ESTMotorola’s ‘Transform the Smartphone’ Moto Mods chal... Feb 10, 2017 7:44 PM ESTNvidia Q4 2017 Earnings: Revenue soars by 55 percent following a recor... Feb 10, 2017 6:32 PM ESTMicrosoft Store discounts Fitbit trackers and Xbox One S consoles duri... Feb 10, 2017 5:12 PM ESTMicrosoft Build 2017 registration available February 14th Feb 10, 2017 2:44 PM ESTRogers customers are losing the ability to charge upgrades to their bill Feb 10, 2017 2:42 PM ESTMicrosoft teases Windows 10 ‘Neon’ redesign Feb 10, 2017 2:29 PM ESTVR comes to Google Chrome Feb 10, 2017 11:55 AM ESTSenior leadership of social publisher Buffer to leave company in the u... All News Carriers Feb 10, 2017 2:44 PM ESTRogers customers are losing the ability to charge upgrades to their bill Feb 10, 2017 11:55 AM ESTVideotron launches business internet that guarantees 99.9 percent uptime Feb 10, 2017 10:15 AM ESTRogers expands low-cost internet program to 15,000 households in Ottawa Feb 9, 2017 8:39 AM ESTTelus Q4 2016 Earnings: wireless network revenue increases to $1.7 bil... Feb 8, 2017 9:00 PM ESTTelus registers Pik TV trademark, hints at program guide with access t... Feb 8, 2017 7:25 PM ESTThe next wireless standard is officially ‘5G’ Feb 8, 2017 6:36 PM ESTChatr offers new data top-up feature, lets customers change plan online Feb 8, 2017 12:45 PM ESTFreedom Mobile calls on CRTC to do away with unlocking fees Manufacturers Feb 9, 2017 7:07 PM ESTGoogle Assistant on Pixel gains ‘home control’ smart devic... Feb 8, 2017 3:06 PM ESTDiscarded batteries cause fire at Chinese Samsung SDI plant Feb 7, 2017 6:55 PM ESTApple releases iOS 10.3 beta 2 to public testers Feb 3, 2017 5:07 PM ESTApple accused of ‘breaking Facetime’ to prompt users to up... Jan 30, 2017 3:15 PM ESTApple removes tool that lets you check if an iPhone has been stolen Jan 30, 2017 2:12 PM ESTBlackBerry CEO John Chen criticizes Trump’s immigration stance Jan 30, 2017 12:42 PM ESTGoogle creates $4 million fund for those affected by Trump travel ban Jan 25, 2017 5:19 PM ESTApple challenges Qualcomm with two new antitrust lawsuits Phones Feb 10, 2017 8:33 PM ESTMotorola’s ‘Transform the Smartphone’ Moto Mods chal... Feb 10, 2017 10:45 AM ESTGalaxy S8’s Bixby assistant built on S Voice and not new tech, s... Feb 9, 2017 4:36 PM ESTTelus VoLTE now supports recent iPhone models and LG Power X Feb 9, 2017 4:00 PM ESTSony Xperia X Performance Android Nougat update now available on Roger... Feb 9, 2017 3:19 PM ESTApple’s next flagship iPhone may end up its most expensive yet Feb 8, 2017 1:42 PM ESTSamsung to reportedly show off foldable smartphone prototype behind cl... Feb 8, 2017 11:18 AM ESTNexus 6P, Nexus 6 and BlackBerry Priv reach ‘End of Life’ ... Feb 8, 2017 9:41 AM ESTSony’s new camera sensor can capture slow-motion video at 1,000 ... Tablets Feb 6, 2017 10:14 AM ESTThe price is right with Lenovo’s thin new Yoga A12 2-in-1 Feb 1, 2017 10:09 AM ESTSamsung announces MWC keynote, likely to reveal Galaxy Tab S3 Jan 24, 2017 11:05 AM ESTDetachable Chrome OS tablets with Android app compatibility could be i... Jan 17, 2017 1:11 PM ESTMicrosoft drops prices on the Surface Pro 4 by up to $350 Jan 4, 2017 8:05 PM ESTGoogle’s 64GB Pixel C tablet is $100 off on the Google Store unt... Jan 4, 2017 6:32 PM ESTSamsung announces Chromebook Plus and Chromebook Pro with stylus and p... Dec 17, 2016 10:03 PM ESTMicrosoft Canada announces Holiday Super Sale Dec 6, 2016 3:00 AM ESTGlobal tablet shipments rebound after years of sweeping decline, says ... Wearables Feb 9, 2017 2:05 PM ESTOculus’ rocky 2017 continues following the closure of hundreds o... Feb 8, 2017 12:00 PM ESTHere are Android Wear 2.0’s 5 most interesting features Feb 8, 2017 12:00 PM ESTThe LG Watch Style and LG Watch Sport are coming to Canada soon Feb 8, 2017 12:00 PM ESTAsus ZenWatch 3, Moto 360 2nd Gen, Huawei Watch and more to get Androi... Feb 7, 2017 5:56 PM ESTThe ZTE Axon 7 is now Google Daydream VR compatible Feb 7, 2017 7:40 AM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – Oculus lawsuit awards $500 million to... Feb 6, 2017 5:42 PM ESTLeaked LG Watch Sport and Style user manual reveals Google Assistant d... Feb 4, 2017 12:31 PM ESTGoogle reportedly moves release of Android Wear 2.0 to February 8 Virtual Reality Feb 10, 2017 2:29 PM ESTVR comes to Google Chrome Feb 9, 2017 11:43 AM ESTMolson Canadian and Sportsnet bring 360 VR to NHL broadcasts Feb 1, 2017 4:43 PM ESTSony to release more PlayStation VR bundles this month Jan 30, 2017 11:42 AM ESTZeniMax now seeks $4 billion from Facebook-owned Oculus in court case Jan 27, 2017 3:06 PM ESTMicrosoft says it has sold thousands of HoloLens AR headsets Jan 26, 2017 10:24 AM ESTThe designer of the Vive has left HTC to work on Google Daydream Jan 26, 2017 10:00 AM ESTHugo Barra is now the head of Facebook’s virtual reality efforts Jan 25, 2017 1:12 PM ESTGoogle opens Daydream Access Program to all developers Apps/Games Feb 10, 2017 2:29 PM ESTVR comes to Google Chrome Feb 9, 2017 8:16 PM ESTNBA and Take-Two partner for eSports league Feb 9, 2017 1:01 PM ESTUberEats offering free pizza delivery in Toronto for National Pizza Day Feb 9, 2017 12:48 PM ESTApple Pro Apps Bundle for Education available today in Canada for $259 Feb 9, 2017 11:05 AM ESTFXNow app is now available for 4th Gen Apple TV in Canada Feb 9, 2017 7:32 AM ESTMADD Canada and Uber partner to fight drunk driving Feb 8, 2017 8:10 PM ESTGoogle Music and YouTube once again rumoured to be combining services Feb 8, 2017 6:17 PM ESTNintendo’s Switch won’t launch with a web browser Automotive Feb 8, 2017 4:49 PM ESTElon Musk says Tesla Model 3 won’t get 100kWh battery Feb 2, 2017 9:01 PM ESTOntario improves electric vehicle affordability with rebate boosts Jan 31, 2017 5:50 PM ESTUber partners with Daimler to introduce self-driving cars into its fleet Jan 31, 2017 8:31 AM ESTGM and Honda to mass-produce hydrogen fuel cells together Jan 30, 2017 5:56 PM ESTCar2go rolling out new Mercedes-Benz fleets in Vancouver and Toronto Jan 30, 2017 1:18 PM ESTRyerson engineering students present Hyperloop tech in Space X competi... Jan 18, 2017 5:20 PM ESTTesla expands its massive Gigafactory in Nevada to produce Model 3 motors Jan 18, 2017 1:47 PM ESTFord releases patent for in-vehicle social media camera to curb distra... Accessories Feb 10, 2017 8:33 PM ESTMotorola’s ‘Transform the Smartphone’ Moto Mods chal... Feb 10, 2017 8:39 AM EST$179.95 Beats X wireless headphones now available in Canada Feb 7, 2017 4:18 PM ESTApple’s wireless Beats X headphones set to launch on February 10th Feb 1, 2017 7:49 PM ESTCoin’s app and support services shut down February 28th Feb 1, 2017 5:10 PM ESTGoPro returns to market with Karma drone after recall Jan 27, 2017 12:56 PM ESTSatechi’s USB-C Power Meter aims to prevent bad cables from dest... Jan 24, 2017 4:31 PM ESTLeak reveals upcoming Huawei Watch 2 with optional cellular connectivity Jan 24, 2017 3:14 PM ESTApple adding ‘Find My AirPods’ feature in iOS 10.3 Reviews Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM ESTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 30, 2017 9:06 AM ESTBlackBerry’s Mercury smartphone to include the same camera senso... Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM ESTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 27, 2017 9:30 AM ESTAxon 7 Mini Hands-on: Small phone, big sound Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM ESTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM ESTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM ESTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality All Reviews Phones Jan 30, 2017 9:06 AM ESTBlackBerry’s Mercury smartphone to include the same camera senso... Jan 27, 2017 9:30 AM ESTAxon 7 Mini Hands-on: Small phone, big sound Dec 27, 2016 8:02 PM ESTHTC 10, six months later Dec 17, 2016 1:09 PM ESTOnePlus 3T Mini Review: Victory lap Dec 14, 2016 2:31 PM ESTHuawei Nova Plus review: A solid mid-range Android for the right price Dec 7, 2016 4:42 PM ESTAlcatel Idol 4 Review: Mid-range standout Nov 14, 2016 8:22 PM ESTBlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end Oct 31, 2016 10:44 AM ESTLG G5, six months later Tablets Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM ESTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM ESTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM ESTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EST9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM ESTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM ESTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Nov 20, 2015 9:01 AM ESTSurface Pro 4 review: Microsoft perfects the laptop/tablet hybrid formula Wearables Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM ESTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM ESTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM ESTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM ESTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM ESTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM ESTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 May 5, 2016 4:40 PM ESTFitbit Alta review: The perfect Fitbit for almost everyone Accessories Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM ESTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Dec 10, 2016 10:00 AM ESTNative Union’s Dock+ charging stand review: High-end charging Oct 3, 2016 11:25 AM ESTMoto Mods review: Decent start Sep 19, 2016 6:33 PM ESTAirPods Review: Welcome to the wireless future Sep 4, 2016 12:33 PM ESTSamsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye Aug 31, 2016 11:30 AM ESTVancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone int... Aug 2, 2016 7:31 PM ESTGear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play Jun 5, 2016 1:00 PM ESTweBoost Drive 4G-X review: Signal on the road Automotive Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM ESTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM ESTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EST2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EST2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM ESTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EST2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Dec 31, 2015 10:02 AM ESTAndroid Auto review Nov 30, 2015 9:00 AM ESTReview: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford ... Games Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM ESTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM ESTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM ESTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM ESTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM ESTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM ESTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM ESTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Dec 9, 2016 10:56 AM ESTPlayStation 4 Pro Review: Generational sidestep Apps Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM ESTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM ESTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM ESTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM ESTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM ESTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM ESTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM ESTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Aug 6, 2016 2:30 PM ESTKeep tabs on Canada’s Olympic progress with CBC Rio 2016 [App of... Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM ESTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM ESTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM ESTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM ESTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM ESTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM ESTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EST2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Feb 5, 2017 2:22 PM ESTAutoviva loves to talk about fast cars [Bot of the Week] Feb 4, 2017 6:13 PM ESTCreate dank Donald Draws memes with this Android app [App of the Week] Feb 4, 2017 1:47 PM ESTFire Emblem Heroes is Nintendo’s best mobile game yet [Game of t... Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM ESTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 29, 2017 5:48 PM ESTCanadian tech community pens open letter in response to Trump Jan 28, 2017 3:04 PM ESTMicrosoft’s Zo is hip, millennial and doesn’t make sense [... Jan 28, 2017 12:14 PM ESTIs ZTE’s crowd-sourced Hawkeye smartphone becoming high-end? Jan 28, 2017 10:50 AM ESTStay on track with Impossible Road [Game of the Week] All Features Carriers Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM ESTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM ESTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM ESTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EST7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EST10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM ESTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM ESTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Jan 5, 2017 9:17 AM ESTZTE pushes forward on the same strategy with new devices Editorials Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM ESTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EST3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM ESTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM ESTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM ESTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM ESTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement Nov 17, 2016 2:00 AM ESTApple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full o... Nov 15, 2016 1:00 PM ESTHere’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like App/Game of the Week Feb 5, 2017 2:22 PM ESTAutoviva loves to talk about fast cars [Bot of the Week] Feb 4, 2017 6:13 PM ESTCreate dank Donald Draws memes with this Android app [App of the Week] Feb 4, 2017 1:47 PM ESTFire Emblem Heroes is Nintendo’s best mobile game yet [Game of t... Jan 28, 2017 3:04 PM ESTMicrosoft’s Zo is hip, millennial and doesn’t make sense [... Jan 28, 2017 10:50 AM ESTStay on track with Impossible Road [Game of the Week] Jan 28, 2017 10:20 AM ESTUse TO Ice Breakers to get closer to local art exhibits [App of the week] Jan 22, 2017 5:33 PM ESTBlast off to another world with Landing Confirmed [Game of the Week] Jan 22, 2017 2:01 PM ESTMeme yourself and your friends with Dankland [Bot of the Week] Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM ESTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM ESTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM ESTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM ESTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM ESTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Jan 29, 2017 5:48 PM ESTCanadian tech community pens open letter in response to Trump Jan 25, 2017 1:04 PM ESTWindows 10’s upcoming ‘Game Mode’ aims to improve PC... Jan 25, 2017 9:00 AM ESTCanadian AI innovators, your time is now Jan 23, 2017 10:47 AM ESTSamsung Canada says 95 percent of Note 7s have been returned Jan 21, 2017 1:24 PM EST12 wearable predictions for 2017 Jan 18, 2017 6:36 PM ESTEdward Snowden criticizes BlackBerry for its stance on privacy Jan 18, 2017 4:05 PM ESTHere’s how Canadian indie developers feel about the Nintendo Switch Jan 17, 2017 4:37 PM ESTToronto-based Nanoleaf’s modular Aurora lights will trip you out Resources Feb 10, 2017 3:04 PM ESTHow to watch the Grammy Awards in Canada Feb 8, 2017 3:32 PM EST4 tips to help new Fire Emblem Heroes players get the most out of the ... Feb 8, 2017 11:32 AM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save mobile data on Android Feb 3, 2017 2:12 PM ESTHow to watch Super Bowl LI in Canada Feb 1, 2017 6:22 PM ESTTwo long press tips that make Twitter for iOS faster Feb 1, 2017 12:42 PM ESTHow to block unwanted calls on iOS, Android and Windows phone Jan 19, 2017 2:25 PM ESTHow Canadians can watch the Presidential inauguration Jan 14, 2017 10:22 AM ESTHow to use iOS 10’s new Bedtime feature All Resources How-to's Feb 10, 2017 3:04 PM ESTHow to watch the Grammy Awards in Canada Feb 8, 2017 3:32 PM EST4 tips to help new Fire Emblem Heroes players get the most out of the ... Feb 8, 2017 11:32 AM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save mobile data on Android Feb 3, 2017 2:12 PM ESTHow to watch Super Bowl LI in Canada Feb 1, 2017 6:22 PM ESTTwo long press tips that make Twitter for iOS faster Feb 1, 2017 12:42 PM ESTHow to block unwanted calls on iOS, Android and Windows phone Jan 14, 2017 10:22 AM ESTHow to use iOS 10’s new Bedtime feature Jan 11, 2017 12:15 PM ESTFacebook says you can fix Android app battery issues by resetting the app Rate Plans Business Feb 10, 2017 7:44 PM ESTNvidia Q4 2017 Earnings: Revenue soars by 55 percent following a recor... Feb 10, 2017 11:55 AM ESTSenior leadership of social publisher Buffer to leave company in the u... Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM ESTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 2:33 PM ESTAirbnb in talks to buy Montreal-based Luxury Retreats to expand high-e... Feb 9, 2017 9:41 AM ESTTwitter Q4 2016 Earnings: Profit falls far below analyst estimates des... Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM ESTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 9, 2017 8:39 AM ESTTelus Q4 2016 Earnings: wireless network revenue increases to $1.7 bil... Feb 8, 2017 5:28 PM ESTGM Canada to open autonomous and connected vehicle centre in Markham, ... All Business Carriers Feb 3, 2017 3:12 PM ESTThis is the last day to get Public Mobile’s late-2016 promo plan... Feb 2, 2017 8:31 AM ESTBell Q4 2016 Earnings: Subscriber base now at 8,468,872, $1.88b in rev... Feb 2, 2017 8:22 AM ESTTelus registers Digital City trademark to expand IoT focus Jan 26, 2017 12:15 PM ESTRogers Q4 2016 earnings: Average postpaid subscriber bill increases by... Jan 18, 2017 3:16 PM ESTBell’s residential service rates are increasing Jan 12, 2017 8:57 AM ESTShaw Q1 2017: Shaw quarterly profit cut in half due to Shomi shutdown Jan 12, 2017 7:44 AM ESTRogers registers ‘Other People’s Business’ trademark... Jan 11, 2017 7:11 PM ESTShaw launches new BlueSky IPTV platform to compete with Telus’ O... Security & Privacy Feb 7, 2017 3:05 PM ESTBlackBerry launches BBM Enterprise software development kit Feb 3, 2017 12:28 PM ESTCSIS unsure how many Canadians affected by illegal data program Jan 26, 2017 6:27 PM ESTD-Wave has a customer for its $15 million quantum computer Jan 16, 2017 9:03 PM ESTGovernment partners with IBM to open cybersecurity research centre at ... Jan 13, 2017 12:33 PM ESTMicrosoft acquires AI startup Maluuba Jan 5, 2017 7:24 AM ESTWarrants reveal Montreal journalist phone records to be part of invest... Dec 30, 2016 4:32 PM ESTFacebook buys information about users offline habits to improve its ads Dec 21, 2016 8:51 AM ESTCanadian telecoms oppose expanding police access to digital information Infrastructure Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM ESTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM ESTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM ESTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM ESTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Dec 6, 2016 1:48 PM ESTSaskTel expands LTE coverage in southwestern Saskatchewan Nov 23, 2016 12:17 PM ESTVirgin Mobile’s home internet service expands to Quebec Oct 18, 2016 12:59 PM ESTCalgary and Shaw Communications expand Wi-Fi to public recreation faci... Oct 12, 2016 6:09 PM ESTRogers says Unison saved small businesses ‘hundreds of thousands... Cloud Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM ESTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM ESTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM ESTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM ESTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM ESTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Jan 25, 2017 9:00 AM ESTCanadian AI innovators, your time is now Jan 24, 2017 7:31 AM ESTIntuit launches QuickBooks app for iOS and Android to help Canadians f... Jan 18, 2017 8:03 PM ESTIBM and Bell Canada partner to offer enterprise apps for iPhone users Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM ESTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM ESTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM ESTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM ESTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM ESTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM ESTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM ESTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... Jun 22, 2015 10:56 AM ESTHow smartphones are being used to make healthcare more accessible General Feb 10, 2017 7:44 PM ESTNvidia Q4 2017 Earnings: Revenue soars by 55 percent following a recor... Feb 10, 2017 11:55 AM ESTSenior leadership of social publisher Buffer to leave company in the u... Feb 9, 2017 2:33 PM ESTAirbnb in talks to buy Montreal-based Luxury Retreats to expand high-e... Feb 9, 2017 9:41 AM ESTTwitter Q4 2016 Earnings: Profit falls far below analyst estimates des... Feb 9, 2017 8:39 AM ESTTelus Q4 2016 Earnings: wireless network revenue increases to $1.7 bil... Feb 8, 2017 5:28 PM ESTGM Canada to open autonomous and connected vehicle centre in Markham, ... Feb 8, 2017 5:08 PM ESTAirbnb listings in Canada under the regulatory microscope Feb 8, 2017 7:41 AM ESTMontreal telemarketing group fined $450,000 for deceptive telemarketin... Syrup Community Feb 10, 2017 4:34 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 107: Owner of an ‘unlocked’ heart Feb 3, 2017 2:11 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 106: The Super Bowl of Android Wear is coming Jan 27, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 105: Will the Samsung Galaxy S8 still sell? Jan 20, 2017 2:14 PM ESTSyrupCast 104: ‘Switching’ to Freedom’s LTE network Jan 13, 2017 2:37 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 103: Automotive tech is the new darling of CES Jan 6, 2017 3:05 PM ESTSyrupCast 102: The ‘Mercury’ is rising Dec 30, 2016 9:32 AM ESTSyrupCast 101: Looking back on 2016 Dec 16, 2016 4:09 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 100: Ghosts of Christmas past All Syrup Community SyrupCast Feb 10, 2017 4:34 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 107: Owner of an ‘unlocked’ heart Feb 3, 2017 2:11 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 106: The Super Bowl of Android Wear is coming Jan 27, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 105: Will the Samsung Galaxy S8 still sell? Jan 20, 2017 2:14 PM ESTSyrupCast 104: ‘Switching’ to Freedom’s LTE network Jan 13, 2017 2:37 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 103: Automotive tech is the new darling of CES Jan 6, 2017 3:05 PM ESTSyrupCast 102: The ‘Mercury’ is rising Dec 30, 2016 9:32 AM ESTSyrupCast 101: Looking back on 2016 Dec 16, 2016 4:09 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 100: Ghosts of Christmas past SyrupShop AUKEY 24W/4.8A Dual Port USB Home Travel Wall Charger Huawei P8 Lite SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter AUKEY USB Charger with Dual Quick Charge 3.0 Spigen Ultra Hybrid iPhone 7 Case with Air Cushioned Drop SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions Contact Us Contests News PREVIOUS|NEXT Leaked LG Watch Sport and Style user manual reveals Google Assistant details By Rose Behar Feb 6, 2017 5:42 PM EST 1 comments The user manuals for the forthcoming LG Watch Sport (LG-W280A) and LG Watch Style (LG-W270) have leaked, courtesy of Android Authority, revealing details about Android Pay, Google Assistant and hardware features. The manual describes how users can use Google Assistant within the watches by saying “OK Google” or by pressing and holding the power button. From there, they can utilize functionality like taking notes, sending a text or email, setting a timer or alarm or requesting a step count update or heart rate scan. The manual confirmed that the LG Watch Sport will be the first Android Wear device to support NFC payments, stating users can make payments through Android Pay by launching the apps screen, tapping Android Pay and then touching the watch to the card reader. Of course, as Android Pay has yet to launch in Canada, the implementation is likely further off in comparison with American users of the wearable. The documentation also shows how the Sport will charge wirelessly on a cradle similar to the Samsung Gear S3 while the Style has a charging pad more in-line with the Apple Watch. GSMArena has also revealed leaked pictures of the LG Watch Style’s packaging (shown above). Previous leaks from trusted sources have indicated that the Watch Sport, the more premium device, has a 1.38 inches, 480 x 480 pixel plastic OLED display, 768MB RAM and a 430mAh battery.  The Watch Style has a 1.2-inch, 360 x 360 pixel plastic OLED display, 512MB RAM and a 240mAh battery. Both watches feature 4GB of internal storage, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity and iOS compatibility. The Sport adds in cellular connectivity (3G and LTE), NFC and GPS support. The LG Watches are expected to debut on February 9th alongside the official launch of Android Wear 2.0. Image credit (LG Watch Style): GSMArena Source: Android Authority Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Reddit Featured Articles Asus ZenWatch 3, Moto 360 2nd Gen, Huawei Watch and more to get Android Wear 2.0 Discarded batteries cause fire at Chinese Samsung SDI plant Nexus 6P, Nexus 6 and BlackBerry Priv reach ‘End of Life’ status at Telus Freedom Mobile calls on CRTC to do away with unlocking fees How to watch the Grammy Awards in Canada Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Thank you for your subscription Related Articles News Feb 8, 2017 12:00 PM ESTThe LG Watch Style and LG Watch Sport are coming to Canada soon News Feb 2, 2017 10:36 AM ESTLG Watch Sport will reportedly cost $350 in the U.S. News Jan 31, 2017 3:34 PM ESTLG G6 prototype leak reveals camera setup and design News Jan 27, 2017 4:07 PM ESTNew image of LG’s upcoming G6 emerges News Feb 3, 2017 4:17 PM ESTHere’s out best look at the LG G6 yet News Jan 30, 2017 12:01 PM ESTCould this be LG’s upcoming Android Wear smartwatch? News Jan 26, 2017 4:10 PM ESTLG G6 will reportedly drop replaceable battery in favour of waterproof casing News Feb 8, 2017 12:00 PM ESTThe LG Watch Style and LG Watch Sport are coming to Canada soon Comments Pingback: Our last hopes for Google’s new watches – New and Improved() Categories News Reviews Features Resources Business Syrup Community Contact us About Us / Tips Contests Social Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Google+ Reddit Newsletter Signup Thank you for your subscription © 2017 mobilesyrup.com Privacy. Terms of use. Website designed by Evoke Solutions
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides MWC 2017 LG G6 Samsung Galaxy S8 iPhone 8 Nintendo Switch iOS 10.3 Reviews Google Wifi review Google Wifi review By Joe Osborne Networking and wi-fi  The simplest, most value-packed Wi-Fi mesh system yet Shares Editor's Choice Jump to Section: Best Price Comments Our Verdict Google Wifi is the easiest and most manageable router that we’ve ever set up, period. It might not be the most powerful or offer precise controls, but it more than makes up for any lack of depth in unmatched simplicity. For Super-simple setup Great value Excellent design Against Limited hardware control Lower AC rating As devices like Netgear Orbi and Eero have showed us: routers and range extenders are over. The future is Wi-Fi mesh or tri-band systems. Naturally, the smart home-obsessed Google is all over it with the eponymous Google Wifi. As it turns out, Google may very well have crafted the best Wi-Fi mesh system to date. Google’s managed to churn out a system that offers more mesh units than competitors for far less with a focus on dead-simple setup and management. The result? We never want to look at our gateway again.  Price and availability Unsurprisingly, Google doesn’t ask for a lot of money for what’s on offer. Google Wifi costs $299 (about £239, AU$389) for a set of three units – that’s one primary “Wifi Point” (the one you hook up to the modem or gateway) and two secondary Wifi Points. A single Google Wifi unit can be had for $129 (about £103, AU$167). Google promises that three Wifi Points can cover up to 4,500 square feet (418 square meters) in a home. Unfortunately, as of this writing, Google has made no mentions of pricing or availability in the UK and Australia. Regardless, Google offers more units for less money than any competitor, like the Netgear Orbi, with all others costing at least $400 (about £320, AU$520) for the same amount. Spec Sheet Wireless Connectivity: IEEE 802.11a/b/g/n/ac, AC1200 2x2 Wave 2 Wi-Fi (expandable mesh; dual-band 2.4GHz and 5GHz, TX beamforming); Bluetooth Smart ready Processor: Quad-core ARM CPU (each core up to 710MHz) Memory: 512MB RAM Storage: 4GB eMMC flash Beamforming: Implicit and Explicit for 2.4 & 5GHz bands Ports: 2 x Gigabit Ethernet ports per Wifi point (1 WAN and 1 LAN port each) Dimensions: 4.1 x 2.7 inches (106.1 x 68.7mm; D x H) each Weight: 12oz (340g) each Design and setup Not only does Google have the clear advantage of pricing on its hands, but it also has the best-designed individual units and easiest setup of any offering. Each Google Wifi unit, a tiny, unassuming cylinder with a simple white LED band in its center, is capable of the same functionality. This means that any of the three units could function as the “router” of the system, while the others can bestow wired internet (begotten wirelessly) with their included Ethernet ports as well as wireless internet. All three units are powered via USB-C. Setup is as sublime as Google’s hardware design, using a free iOS and Android app to facilitate the process. While we won’t belabor you with the entire procedure, but the app configures your Wi-Fi network by first scanning the QR code on the Wifi Points connected to your modem or gateway and power. From there, the app tells you to name your network and set a password, then pair the additional Wi-Fi points and label them in the app for reference. Again, it takes seconds for the “router” to recognize the Wifi Points and for them to begin broadcasting. But, mind you, power users: you’re not going to get the same depth of access as even Netgear Orbi provides, so no band switching for you. However, the app offers plenty more useful features, like constant monitoring of your network, its Points and the devices connected to it. The app has an included internet speed test similar to that of Ookla’s, a mesh test that measures the health of your Points’ connections as well as a Wi-Fi test that measures your connection strength from within the network.  You can also prioritize bandwidth to one device for a time, control smart home devices and pause internet access to certain devices in a family setting – all from within this app. By far, this is the most complete and elegant suite of control settings we’ve seen from a Wi-Fi mesh system so far, despite its lack of dropdown boxes and toggles. Benchmarks Here is how the Google Wifi fared in our brief suite of tests (conducted on a 100Mbps service): Ookla Speed Test 5GHz (Download | Upload): Within 5 feet/1.52 meters; no obstructions: 101.41 | 117.83 Mbps Within 13 feet/3.96 meters; three plaster walls: 97.05 | 118.67 Mbps Ookla Speed Test 2.4GHz (Download | Upload): Within 5 feet/1.52 meters; no obstructions: 47.53 | 96.72 Mbps Within 13 feet/3.96 meters; three plaster walls: 50.95 | 82.98 Mbps 1.5GB Steam download 5GHz (peak speed): Within 5 feet/1.52 meters; no obstructions: 12.6 MB/s Within 13 feet/3.96 meters; three plaster walls: 12.2 MB/s 1.5GB Steam download 2.4GHz (peak speed): Within 5 feet/1.52 meters; no obstructions: 7.2 MB/s Within 13 feet/3.96 meters; three plaster walls: 8.8 MB/s Performance We’ve seen as impressive of, if not better, performance from the Google Wifi system as we have Netgear Orbi. Google Wifi draws the absolute most of our 100Mbps Wi-Fi service that we’ve seen any router able to, but can do so from every room of our, albeit small, house. We’ve been able to stream 4K video through Netflix to our Roku Premiere in the basement as well as we’ve been able to play Overwatch in the office where the modem is located: without issue. Wi-Fi mesh systems like Google Wifi aren’t focused so much about throughput as they are coverage, but this product delivers regardless. The traffic prioritization feature can ensure that your gaming session is getting more of that crucial bandwidth than the other devices in your house that are Facebooking and streaming HD video. Plus, the network can automatically repair itself should one or more of the Wifi Points be accidentally unplugged or otherwise lose power. While we know that Google Wifi operates its mesh system over existing Wi-Fi bands (2.4GHz and 5GHz) over the 802.11s mesh protocol rather than Netgear Orbi’s tri-band system that communicates over a second 5GHz Wi-Fi band, we haven’t found a terrible difference between either’s performance. We do see slightly faster download speeds in MB/s on the 2.4GHz band from the Orbi over the Google Wifi, but that could also be an anomaly. The true benefit of Google Wifi over others is, simply put, its coverage for the price. You can get equal amounts of coverage in pure square footage from competing systems with fewer units, but the versatility having more units gives you in terms of shoring up dead spots can’t be ignored. We liked Google Wifi is incredibly easy to setup and manage on a day-to-day basis despite its lack of some finer control. The fact that the system includes three units for less than some competitors charge for two or fewer is also a huge benefit. Finally, these units look even better in terms of design than systems like Netgear Orbi, and are much easier to hide in plain sight. We disliked While there isn’t much to gripe about regarding Google Wifi, some might like finer control over Wi-Fi settings, like controlling which bands broadcast and when. Also, at AC1200, Google Wifi isn’t capable of the AC3000 or even AC2200 throughput that Netgear Orbi and Linksys Velop are, respectively, which might turn off those paying big for super-fast internet speeds. Final verdict Google Wifi is the easiest router that we’ve ever set up, period. And, that’s considering the two extra devices required to complete it. For a relatively affordable price, Google offers more units than most competitors and the best setup and management app by far. For all of the finer hardware controls it lacks, Google considered every toggle and test it could present in an easily understandable way through its app. (There’s even bandwidth priority control.) Couple that with a hardware design that’s easier to hide in plain sight than any we’ve seen yet, and you’re looking one of the best Wi-Fi systems that money can buy today. ABOUT THE AUTHOR Joe Osborne Joe has worked in games and technology media for nearly a decade for several publications. His writing has been featured in PC Magazine, AOL's Games.com, Laptop Magazine and Tom's Guide among others. Currently, Joe serves as TechRadar's Senior Editor, leading computing coverage specifically. Yes, that means he uses both macOS and Windows – every day. Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 iPhone 8 might not be the only 2017 iPhone with wireless charging 2 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 3 iPhone 8 release date, news and rumors 4 The best free video editor 2017 5 Best phone 2017: the 10 top smartphones we've tested 1 Forget the iPhone 7 – save money with an iPhone SE if you want good battery life 2 iPhone 8 might not be the only 2017 iPhone with wireless charging 3 Nintendo Switch review 4 The physics of why valve amps sound better 5 Send word to Mac users: new malware unleashed targeting Apple’s computers TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Google Won't Play in China By Tim Culpan Photographer: Isaac Lawrence/AFP/Getty Images Tech Tim Culpan Tim Culpan is a technology columnist for Bloomberg Gadfly. He previously covered technology for Bloomberg News. Follow @tculpan Facebook Twitter Email Print Share Feb 6, 2017 4:31 PM EST ALPHABET INC-CL A +4.79 At Closing, Feb 10th 834.85 USD NETEASE INC-ADR -0.14 At Closing, Feb 10th 257.42 USD Alphabet Inc.'s Google Play mobile app store may finally find its way into China.  NetEase Inc., China's second-largest online games provider, approached Google to form a joint venture to launch the app download service in the country, The Information reported, citing people familiar with the discussions. Talk of a Chinese entry for Google Play has been around for a few years. In 2015, rumors circulated that a firewalled China-specific version of the store would hit the market the next year. Even in a Google-NetEase incarnation, such a move won't be the decision of either company but the Chinese government, which tightly controls the internet and the flow of information. Google Play can be accessed now by using VPNs or other circumvention methods, but even then it is severely restricted because Chinese users can't buy apps or content or make in-app purchases through Google Play. Searching for Growth Search engine share of Chinese online advertising dollars is falling as other media formats become more popular Source: iResearch, Bloomberg Gadfly If and when China does sign off on a move, it won't be for altruistic reasons. Censorship has long been used in China not only as a tool for information control but for protectionism. It's widely thought that Google left China because it refused to accede to censorship and thus was banned. But in reality, it was also getting beaten handily by local search provider Baidu Inc. thanks to government support. Google Play's Starting Spot in China's Market Bottom Prospects for a local version of Google Play are being hailed as a return to China. In reality, it's the lowest rung on the ladder and one unlikely to help the world's second most-valuable tech company access the world's biggest internet market. In almost every country in the world Google Play is pre-installed on Android phones. Its absence from China has allowed dozens of other Android stores to pop up, with social media giant Tencent Holdings Ltd. and internet-security developer Qihoo 360 Technology Co. dominating the market.  Chinese Checkers The Google Play store gets access to consumers in China indirectly through circumvention methods including VPN Source: TalkingData, NewZoo Note: Ranking tracks install base, i.e. coverage, of each Android app store in China Smartphone brands ship devices with other app stores pre-installed -- often for a fee -- with hardware brands like Xiaomi, Huawei and Oppo also getting into the game. Consumers don't need multiple app stores, so if it's not pre-installed it doesn't exist. While teaming up with NetEase may help elevate visibility, there's little chance Google will crack the top three, which is why, from a protectionist perspective, China may be willing to allow entry. Then there's censorship. Apps and app stores by their very nature are among the most controlled products on the internet. We can be sure that a Google version will not only submit to Chinese censorship but self-censor to comply with whatever terms are imposed on it. This will apply not only to Google apps like YouTube but to third-party developers that use Google Play to distribute their apps. If those are terms Alphabet Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt is willing to accept, then it'll be a step toward Google With Chinese Characteristics, and a victory for Beijing. But it won't be the Google everyone else knows and investors love. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Tim Culpan in Taipei at tculpan1@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Daniel Niemi at dniemi1@bloomberg.net Poised for a Fall? Poised for a Fall? A growing number of bond traders expect 10-year Treasury yields to fall before they rise Source: Bloomberg Uncharted Territory Bond Market Plots an Unsteady Course Markets Lisa Abramowicz Credit Check Credit Check AmEx shares have been flying high, but at least three Wall Street analysts see the stock retreating to $65 or below in the next 12 months Source: Bloomberg Credit Check American Express Shareholders Should Hold the Applause Finance Gillian Tan Skip the Dip Skip the Dip Sarepta shares briefly fell on the FDA approval of a second drug, from Marathon Pharmaceuticals, to treat Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy Source: Bloomberg Intraday times are displayed in ET. Brace For Trump Tweet Marathon's Drug Pricing Is Playing With Fire Health Max Nisen Potential 1Q Decline in Twitter Revenue 26% Flown the Coop Wall Street Is Giving Up on Twitter Tech Shira Ovide Deal Spectrum Cringeworthy 20/20 Hindsight That Cringeworthy ComScore Deal Deals Tara Lachapelle Rough Trade Corporate America's Exposure to the World, in Two Charts Elaine He Golden Expectations Golden Expectations Since the U.S. election, traders have priced in bigger future profits for JPMorgan Source: Bloomberg Off Script JPMorgan Smackdown Shows Tension for Regulators Markets Lisa Abramowicz Gucci Glow Gucci Glow Gucci's fourth quarter sales growth was almost double analysts' expectations Source: Bloomberg Intelligence Flowers & Cats Gucci's Gamble on Granny Chic Consumer Andrea Felsted Reckitt's paying $16.6 billion Revenue Revival Reckitt's Baby Boom Deals Chris Hughes Heavy Metal Heavy Metal Rusal's shares have slumped since it first listed in Hong Kong Source: Bloomberg eastern promises Take a Lesson From Rusal, Aramco Commodities David Fickling Keeping a Lid on Corporate Spreads Keeping a Lid on Corporate Spreads ECB company bond purchases are shrinking the difference between corporate and government yields Source: Bloomberg Marmite Baguette ECB's French Folly Markets Marcus Ashworth Hardly a Smash Hit Hardly a Smash Hit TVB has underperformed the benchmark Hang Seng Index over the past 12 months Source: Bloomberg Switched On TVB Should Welcome Big Brother Beijing Deals Nisha Gopalan Not Like the Other Not Like the Other L3's stock has more than doubled over the past five years, outpacing the broader S&P 500 Index and a basket of industrial peers Source: Bloomberg New York, New York Arconic's Park Avenue Digs Are Activist Catnip Industrials Brooke Sutherland Hallelujah Whole Foods Finally Gets Religion Consumer Shelly Banjo Not Bad Eh? Suncor's Really Doing Quite Well, Actually Energy Liam Denning Seeking Stability Seeking Stability Viacom's profitability has fluctuated more than its peers. Here are quarterly Ebitda margins: Source: Bloomberg Tuned In New Viacom Isn't Catfishing You Media Tara Lachapelle Just the Two of Us Just the Two of Us Anthem and Cigna will each grow just fine on their own Source: Bloomberg Out of Pocket Anthem's Claim Comes Due Deals Brooke Sutherland Twitter's Q4 Sales Growth 0.9% #What Now Twitter's Latest Migraine Is Revenue Growth Tech Shira Ovide ALD's fleet of cars 1.3 million Societe Generale Would You Buy a Used Car From This Bank? Finance Lionel Laurent 2016 production rise 4.5 percent Well-Drilled Total Shows Big Oil How to Live a Little Energy Chris Bryant Goldman ETF Price Discount to Mutual Funds 90%  Up Close and Personal Everyone Needs Their Own Fiduciary Rule Markets Nir Kaissar Premium Positioning Premium Positioning Global luxury goods groups have regained their premium to the broader retail and consumer sectors Source: Bloomberg Intelligence Bling Is Back Luxury's Optimistic Party Consumer Andrea Felsted Chump Change Chump Change Indian outsourcing companies' payout ratios are way behind Accenture's Source: Elliott Management Corp. based on company filings Note: Figures reflect last six fiscal years. HCL final period represents nine month period ending March 31, 2016 due to fiscal year change. Free cash flow defined as net cash flow from operations less capital expenditures. Percentages represent allocation of cumulative values. Value over values Infosys Billionaires Should Learn From Elliott Management Andy Mukherjee Amount sought by Ant $3 billion cover story Ant Debt Sidesteps Valuation Question Tech Tim Culpan Deceleration Deceleration Rising demolitions of old ships and declining orders are finally shrinking the container fleet Source: IHS Global, Bloomberg Intelligence Ready about Shipping's Long, Slow Turn Industrials David Fickling
News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon | SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe news — Nation and World Google, Facebook partner with French media over 'fake news' Updated: February 6, 2017 — 5:18 PM EST Facebook icon 0Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Popular Stories DA Seth Williams says he brought 'shame' to office, won't run again Feb 10 - 7:51 PM DeSean Jackson wants to stay in D.C., blasts 'image they put out of me' in Philly Feb 10 - 2:11 PM by RAPHAEL SATTER, The Associated Press Close icon RAPHAEL SATTER The Associated Press PARIS (AP) - French journalists are teaming up with American internet giants Google and Facebook to fight propaganda and misinformation online, mirroring similar efforts already underway in the United States and Germany. French daily Le Monde says it is one of eight media organizations working with social networking site Facebook to fact-check questionable content ahead of France's upcoming presidential election. At the same time, nonprofit First Draft News said Monday it was working with Google's News Lab is to launch CrossCheck , a verification project aimed at helping French voters "make sense of what and who to trust online." Google and Facebook have been under increasing scrutiny over their role in speeding the spread of hoaxes, conspiracy theories and propaganda - sometimes referred to by the catchall term "fake news." There's an argument that fake news helped secure the victory of Donald Trump, whose false allegations about former President Barack Obama helped lay the foundation for his own run for high office. Recent research has questioned the impact of propaganda and hoaxes, but with France's election only two-and-a-half months away, media-watchers here are anxious to avoid a rerun. "We'll see a real wave of fake news in the coming days," said Alain Rabatel, a professor of linguistics at the University of Lyon 1 who has written about fact-checking in French journalism. Le Monde said Monday that its collaboration was "an experiment," noting that the French media were leery of participating in a stunt to help burnish Silicon Valley firms' reputations - and that remuneration would have to be discussed if the project kept going. In a telephone interview, Rabatel had guarded praise, saying journalists had to be more than just fact-checkers. "I think it's good," he said. "It's not sufficient." Published: February 6, 2017 — 7:24 AM EST | Updated: February 6, 2017 — 5:18 PM EST Continue Reading More in news Obituaries › Albert Boscov, chairman of family-owned department store chain, dies at 87 News › Armstrong: Seth Williams is such a disappointment New Jersey › N.J. trooper dispatched to wrong home was justified in shooting owner, authorities say Vegan science getting stronger, and so are vegan eaters South Jersey district sues to get all students '100% of their school funding' Christie signs law regulating Uber, Lyft South Philly man meets the father of the woman his package of coke and heroin killed Montco lawyer accused of raping client says he'll testify Death of teen at Wordsworth in fight over iPod ruled homicide Questlove is DJing and 4 other ways to party this Valentine's weekend Brooky: Phillies boast six good, young starters Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Google Is Partnering With H&M’s Ivyrevel On The ‘Data Dress’ – Android Headlines Posted on February 6, 2017 by Android Headlines Google is partnering with H&M’s Ivyrevel on the Data Dress, a smart couture piece of fashion that is created specifically for a user, based on various criteria that is gathered through the Snapshot API via an app that Google is creating with Ivyrevel … Google is helping H&M construct a custom dress based on your personal dataThe Verge Google partners with H&M Group’s digital fashion house Ivyrevel on a ‘Coded Couture’ project [Video]9to5Google Google teams up with H&M to make dresses based on your personal dataMashable TIME -Engadget -Phandroid.com -VentureBeat all 15 news articles …read more wrote 26466 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Google’s secret, billion-dollar Magic Leap prototype leaked – Deccan Chronicle Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality’s Potential (Again) – Nasdaq Marck Zuckerburg Shows The Oculus VR New Virtual Reality Gloves – Mobile & Apps Leaks Reveal Note 7 Debacle Has Made Galaxy S8 Worse – Tech Times Steam Direct is better than Greenlight, but the size of its fee will make or break it – PC Gamer Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Politics Google, Facebook partner with French media over “fake news” The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Raphael Satter | AP By Raphael Satter | AP February 6 PARIS — French journalists are teaming up with American internet giants Google and Facebook to fight propaganda and misinformation online, mirroring similar efforts already underway in the United States and Germany. French daily Le Monde says it is one of eight media organizations working with social networking site Facebook to fact-check questionable content ahead of France’s upcoming presidential election. At the same time, nonprofit First Draft News said Monday it was working with Google’s News Lab is to launch CrossCheck , a verification project aimed at helping French voters “make sense of what and who to trust online.” Google and Facebook have been under increasing scrutiny over their role in speeding the spread of hoaxes, conspiracy theories and propaganda — sometimes referred to by the catchall term “fake news.” There’s an argument that fake news helped secure the victory of Donald Trump, whose false allegations about former President Barack Obama helped lay the foundation for his own run for high office. Recent research has questioned the impact of propaganda and hoaxes, but with France’s election only two-and-a-half months away, media-watchers here are anxious to avoid a rerun. “We’ll see a real wave of fake news in the coming days,” said Alain Rabatel, a professor of linguistics at the University of Lyon 1 who has written about fact-checking in French journalism. Le Monde said Monday that its collaboration was “an experiment,” noting that the French media were leery of participating in a stunt to help burnish Silicon Valley firms’ reputations — and that remuneration would have to be discussed if the project kept going. In a telephone interview, Rabatel had guarded praise, saying journalists had to be more than just fact-checkers. “I think it’s good,” he said. “It’s not sufficient.” Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. politics congress Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters politics congress Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Just how much trouble is Michael Flynn in? 2 Marco Rubio just gave a really important speech — but almost no one paid attention 3 Donald Trump and the art of the super-awkward handshake 4 Once again, Trump claims that just enough fraud cost him an electoral victory 5 Sean Spicer went full Melissa McCarthy today Inside 'Trump Revealed' Read stories based on reporting for “Trump Revealed,” a broad, comprehensive biography of the life of the president. Reporting archive: Trump’s financial records, depositions and interview transcripts politics congress Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Jobs Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 37° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Generally cloudy. Slight chance of a rain shower. High 41F. Winds NNW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Rain showers this evening mixing with snow showers overnight. Low 34F. Winds NNW at less than 5 mph, becoming WSW and increasing to 10 to 20 mph. Chance of precip 50%. Updated: February 11, 2017 @ 3:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close 1 of 7 Alexander F. Yuan Iranian bioengineering researcher Nima Enayati walks out of a gate after arriving at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. The Ph.D. candidate at a university in Milan, was prevented from boarding a flight to the U.S. on Jan. 30. He had a visa to conduct research on robotic surgery at Stanford University in California. (AP Photo/Alexander F. Yuan) Alex Sanz Nazanin Zinouri, 29, is greeted at the Greenville-Spartanburg International Airport in Greer, S.C., with kisses from her dog Dexter and well-wishers holding signs reading "Welcome Home" on Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Zinouri, an Iranian engineer and Clemson University graduate, had been unable to return to the United States because of the executive order President Donald Trump signed that limited travel to the U.S. from seven Muslim-majority countries. (AP Photo/Alex Sanz) HONS This photo provided by Airbnb shows a still image from the company's Super Bowl 51 spot. Airbnb is following up its Super Bowl ad calling for acceptance with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need. An announcement on the rental service's website says it plans to start with refugees, disaster survivors and relief workers, but wants "to accommodate many more types of displaced people over time." (Airbnb via AP) Jeff Chiu FILE - In this April 19, 2016, file photo, Airbnb co-founder and CEO Brian Chesky speaks during an event in San Francisco. Airbnb is following up its Super Bowl ad on Feb. 5, 2017, calling for acceptance with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) Russell Contreras Sen. Tom Udall, D-New Mexico, speaks to immigrant rights advocates at the New Mexico Statehouse in Santa Fe, N.M., Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Udall told advocates on Monday that President Donald Trump's travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries is "illegal and unconstitutional" and vowed to fight it with other Democratic senators. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) Russell Contreras Sen. Tom Udall, D-N.M, right, speaks to an immigrant rights advocate at the statehouse in Santa Fe, N.M., Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Udall told advocates on Monday that President Donald Trump's travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries is "illegal and unconstitutional" and vowed to fight it with other Democratic senators. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) Elaine Thompson Isahaq Ahmed Rabi, left, smiles as he stands with his wife during a news conference shortly after Rabi's arrival Monday, Feb. 6, 2017, at Seattle Tacoma International Airport, in SeaTac, Wash. Rabi was blocked from entry to the U.S. last week due to President Donald Trump's immigration order. Rabi is a citizen of Somalia. His wife is a U.S. citizen. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson) AP Tech firms take stand against travel ban, risking backlash By MAE ANDERSON and MICHAEL LIEDTKE AP Technology Writers Feb 6, 2017 Updated Feb 6, 2017 0 Alexander F. Yuan Iranian bioengineering researcher Nima Enayati walks out of a gate after arriving at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. The Ph.D. candidate at a university in Milan, was prevented from boarding a flight to the U.S. on Jan. 30. He had a visa to conduct research on robotic surgery at Stanford University in California. (AP Photo/Alexander F. Yuan) Alex Sanz Nazanin Zinouri, 29, is greeted at the Greenville-Spartanburg International Airport in Greer, S.C., with kisses from her dog Dexter and well-wishers holding signs reading "Welcome Home" on Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Zinouri, an Iranian engineer and Clemson University graduate, had been unable to return to the United States because of the executive order President Donald Trump signed that limited travel to the U.S. from seven Muslim-majority countries. (AP Photo/Alex Sanz) HONS This photo provided by Airbnb shows a still image from the company's Super Bowl 51 spot. Airbnb is following up its Super Bowl ad calling for acceptance with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need. An announcement on the rental service's website says it plans to start with refugees, disaster survivors and relief workers, but wants "to accommodate many more types of displaced people over time." (Airbnb via AP) Jeff Chiu FILE - In this April 19, 2016, file photo, Airbnb co-founder and CEO Brian Chesky speaks during an event in San Francisco. Airbnb is following up its Super Bowl ad on Feb. 5, 2017, calling for acceptance with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) Russell Contreras Sen. Tom Udall, D-New Mexico, speaks to immigrant rights advocates at the New Mexico Statehouse in Santa Fe, N.M., Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Udall told advocates on Monday that President Donald Trump's travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries is "illegal and unconstitutional" and vowed to fight it with other Democratic senators. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) Russell Contreras Sen. Tom Udall, D-N.M, right, speaks to an immigrant rights advocate at the statehouse in Santa Fe, N.M., Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Udall told advocates on Monday that President Donald Trump's travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries is "illegal and unconstitutional" and vowed to fight it with other Democratic senators. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) Elaine Thompson Isahaq Ahmed Rabi, left, smiles as he stands with his wife during a news conference shortly after Rabi's arrival Monday, Feb. 6, 2017, at Seattle Tacoma International Airport, in SeaTac, Wash. Rabi was blocked from entry to the U.S. last week due to President Donald Trump's immigration order. Rabi is a citizen of Somalia. His wife is a U.S. citizen. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson) SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Through a Super Bowl ad, public statements and court filings, Silicon Valley's biggest companies are taking a strong stand against President Donald Trump's travel ban, saying high tech needs immigrants' creativity and energy to stay competitive. Although the companies are risking a backlash from customers who side with Trump, they say the pushback is necessary for an industry dependent on thousands of highly skilled foreign workers. About 58 percent of the engineers and other high-skill employees in Silicon Valley were born outside the U.S., according to the Silicon Valley Leadership Group, an industry trade group. "Immigration and innovation go hand in hand," said Carl Guardino, the group's CEO. "This cuts so deeply into the bone and marrow of what fuels the innovation economy that very few CEOs feel the luxury of sitting on the sidelines. So people are going to stand up and speak up." The tech industry contends there aren't enough Americans with the specialized skills these companies need. Though critics contend that companies favor immigrants because they can pay them less, tech companies argue that the ban would pressure them to move some operations abroad. "A lot of these companies will really struggle if all of a sudden we turn off the spigot," said Greg Morrisett, dean of computing and information sciences at Cornell University. In a court filing Sunday against the ban, 97 companies, including such major tech players as Google, Apple, Microsoft, eBay, Netflix, Facebook and Twitter, also spoke of the entrepreneurial spirit of "people who choose to leave everything that is familiar and journey to an unknown land to make a new life." Google CEO Sundar Pichai and Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella both came from India. Google co-founder Sergey Brin is a Russian refugee who moved to the U.S. as a boy. The father of Apple's late co-founder, Steve Jobs, immigrated from Syria. Tech worker Ehsaan Taeb, 28, said his whole family is in Iran and knowing his parents won't be able to visit him has added stress to his life. But seeing his company and other tech companies taking a stand against the ban has heartened him, he said. "When you see your employer and other companies make that kind of effort, that makes me feel very supported and in a community that's thoughtful and caring," said Taeb, who works in support at Checkr, a software company that provides background checks for businesses. The Silicon Valley Leadership Group estimates that half the companies in the region were co-founded by an immigrant or are now led by a CEO from outside the U.S. In signing an executive order Jan. 27 that would temporarily ban people from seven Muslim-majority countries, Trump said he was trying to protect Americans by preventing terrorists from slipping into the country. The administration says the president has the constitutional authority to decide who can enter. During the Super Bowl, several companies ran ads that promoted diversity and inclusion, as marketers tried to reach both sides of a consumer base roiled by the election. One of the most overtly political was from Airbnb, a company that matches travelers with places to stay. The San Francisco company showed close-ups of people with different ethnicities. A narrator says: "We believe no matter who you are, where you're from, who you love or who you worship, we all belong. The world is more beautiful the more you accept." Airbnb followed up with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need, starting with refugees, disaster survivors and relief workers. The company also said it will donate $4 million over four years to the International Rescue Committee, joining many tech brethren in making financial contributions. Google set up a $4 million "crisis fund" in January to support organizations that are helping immigrants and refugees, while ride-hailing service Lyft pledged $1 million over the next four years to the American Civil Liberties Union, one of the groups challenging the ban. And workers from Google and Comcast workers have staged walkouts over the restriction. "I wouldn't be where I am today or have any kind of life that I have today if this was not a brave country that really stood out and spoke for liberty," Brin told a crowd of Google employees who walked out in protest last week. Tech companies risk alienating the many Americans who support Trump and his policies. But the risk is lower than that of, say, a company that makes consumer products with plenty of alternatives. It's much harder to boycott a Facebook or Google, where you have friends or your email address, said digital marketing analyst Rebecca Lieb. She added that people are less likely to toss out a $2,000 laptop or pricey mobile phone than change soft drinks. In fact, tech companies might be more wary of backlash from the anti-Trump side. Last week, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quit Trump's council of business leaders after an outcry from Uber customers and employees who were upset about the ban. In addition, most tech companies have operations around the world and risk alienating customers abroad if they stay silent. "We interact with a large global ecosystem and our businesses would not be here or be able to thrive without it," said Aaron Levie, CEO of Box Inc., an online storage service. "So our businesses are extremely sensitive, by default, to things that affect immigration and things that affect our relationship with the broader world." ___ Associated Press Writers Barbara Ortutay in New York and Chris Grygiel in Seattle contributed to this report. Mae Anderson reported from New York. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Tags Wire Business General News Technology Travel Laws And Regulations Government Regulations Government And Politics Travel Lifestyle Religion And Politics Religious Issues Religion Social Affairs Social Issues Political Refugees Human Welfare Corporate Legal Affairs Corporate News Social Media Online Media Media Courts Judiciary Corporate Management Personnel Immigration Temporary Workers Labor Issues × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Steve Cahalan: Global Grounds opens in former McCaffrey’s Coffee After half-century, flags are still mainstay at Nelson Flag & Display Obamas join Richard Branson for private island getaway Kellogg cites costs in New York distribution site closure Disney's wonderful world may be too good to last Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions Place an ad News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 52° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Some clouds. Low around 30F. Winds light and variable. Updated: February 10, 2017 @ 4:55 pm Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports Close 1 of 7 Alexander F. Yuan Iranian bioengineering researcher Nima Enayati walks out of a gate after arriving at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. The Ph.D. candidate at a university in Milan, was prevented from boarding a flight to the U.S. on Jan. 30. He had a visa to conduct research on robotic surgery at Stanford University in California. (AP Photo/Alexander F. Yuan) Alex Sanz Nazanin Zinouri, 29, is greeted at the Greenville-Spartanburg International Airport in Greer, S.C., with kisses from her dog Dexter and well-wishers holding signs reading "Welcome Home" on Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Zinouri, an Iranian engineer and Clemson University graduate, had been unable to return to the United States because of the executive order President Donald Trump signed that limited travel to the U.S. from seven Muslim-majority countries. (AP Photo/Alex Sanz) HONS This photo provided by Airbnb shows a still image from the company's Super Bowl 51 spot. Airbnb is following up its Super Bowl ad calling for acceptance with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need. An announcement on the rental service's website says it plans to start with refugees, disaster survivors and relief workers, but wants "to accommodate many more types of displaced people over time." (Airbnb via AP) Jeff Chiu FILE - In this April 19, 2016, file photo, Airbnb co-founder and CEO Brian Chesky speaks during an event in San Francisco. Airbnb is following up its Super Bowl ad on Feb. 5, 2017, calling for acceptance with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) Russell Contreras Sen. Tom Udall, D-New Mexico, speaks to immigrant rights advocates at the New Mexico Statehouse in Santa Fe, N.M., Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Udall told advocates on Monday that President Donald Trump's travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries is "illegal and unconstitutional" and vowed to fight it with other Democratic senators. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) Russell Contreras Sen. Tom Udall, D-N.M, right, speaks to an immigrant rights advocate at the statehouse in Santa Fe, N.M., Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Udall told advocates on Monday that President Donald Trump's travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries is "illegal and unconstitutional" and vowed to fight it with other Democratic senators. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) Elaine Thompson Isahaq Ahmed Rabi, left, smiles as he stands with his wife during a news conference shortly after Rabi's arrival Monday, Feb. 6, 2017, at Seattle Tacoma International Airport, in SeaTac, Wash. Rabi was blocked from entry to the U.S. last week due to President Donald Trump's immigration order. Rabi is a citizen of Somalia. His wife is a U.S. citizen. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson) AP Tech firms take stand against travel ban, risking backlash By MAE ANDERSON and MICHAEL LIEDTKE AP Technology Writers Feb 6, 2017 Updated Feb 6, 2017 0 Alexander F. Yuan Iranian bioengineering researcher Nima Enayati walks out of a gate after arriving at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. The Ph.D. candidate at a university in Milan, was prevented from boarding a flight to the U.S. on Jan. 30. He had a visa to conduct research on robotic surgery at Stanford University in California. (AP Photo/Alexander F. Yuan) Alex Sanz Nazanin Zinouri, 29, is greeted at the Greenville-Spartanburg International Airport in Greer, S.C., with kisses from her dog Dexter and well-wishers holding signs reading "Welcome Home" on Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Zinouri, an Iranian engineer and Clemson University graduate, had been unable to return to the United States because of the executive order President Donald Trump signed that limited travel to the U.S. from seven Muslim-majority countries. (AP Photo/Alex Sanz) HONS This photo provided by Airbnb shows a still image from the company's Super Bowl 51 spot. Airbnb is following up its Super Bowl ad calling for acceptance with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need. An announcement on the rental service's website says it plans to start with refugees, disaster survivors and relief workers, but wants "to accommodate many more types of displaced people over time." (Airbnb via AP) Jeff Chiu FILE - In this April 19, 2016, file photo, Airbnb co-founder and CEO Brian Chesky speaks during an event in San Francisco. Airbnb is following up its Super Bowl ad on Feb. 5, 2017, calling for acceptance with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) Russell Contreras Sen. Tom Udall, D-New Mexico, speaks to immigrant rights advocates at the New Mexico Statehouse in Santa Fe, N.M., Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Udall told advocates on Monday that President Donald Trump's travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries is "illegal and unconstitutional" and vowed to fight it with other Democratic senators. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) Russell Contreras Sen. Tom Udall, D-N.M, right, speaks to an immigrant rights advocate at the statehouse in Santa Fe, N.M., Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Udall told advocates on Monday that President Donald Trump's travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries is "illegal and unconstitutional" and vowed to fight it with other Democratic senators. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) Elaine Thompson Isahaq Ahmed Rabi, left, smiles as he stands with his wife during a news conference shortly after Rabi's arrival Monday, Feb. 6, 2017, at Seattle Tacoma International Airport, in SeaTac, Wash. Rabi was blocked from entry to the U.S. last week due to President Donald Trump's immigration order. Rabi is a citizen of Somalia. His wife is a U.S. citizen. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson) SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Through a Super Bowl ad, public statements and court filings, Silicon Valley's biggest companies are taking a strong stand against President Donald Trump's travel ban, saying high tech needs immigrants' creativity and energy to stay competitive. Although the companies are risking a backlash from customers who side with Trump, they say the pushback is necessary for an industry dependent on thousands of highly skilled foreign workers. About 58 percent of the engineers and other high-skill employees in Silicon Valley were born outside the U.S., according to the Silicon Valley Leadership Group, an industry trade group. "Immigration and innovation go hand in hand," said Carl Guardino, the group's CEO. "This cuts so deeply into the bone and marrow of what fuels the innovation economy that very few CEOs feel the luxury of sitting on the sidelines. So people are going to stand up and speak up." The tech industry contends there aren't enough Americans with the specialized skills these companies need. Though critics contend that companies favor immigrants because they can pay them less, tech companies argue that the ban would pressure them to move some operations abroad. "A lot of these companies will really struggle if all of a sudden we turn off the spigot," said Greg Morrisett, dean of computing and information sciences at Cornell University. In a court filing Sunday against the ban, 97 companies, including such major tech players as Google, Apple, Microsoft, eBay, Netflix, Facebook and Twitter, also spoke of the entrepreneurial spirit of "people who choose to leave everything that is familiar and journey to an unknown land to make a new life." Google CEO Sundar Pichai and Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella both came from India. Google co-founder Sergey Brin is a Russian refugee who moved to the U.S. as a boy. The father of Apple's late co-founder, Steve Jobs, immigrated from Syria. Tech worker Ehsaan Taeb, 28, said his whole family is in Iran and knowing his parents won't be able to visit him has added stress to his life. But seeing his company and other tech companies taking a stand against the ban has heartened him, he said. "When you see your employer and other companies make that kind of effort, that makes me feel very supported and in a community that's thoughtful and caring," said Taeb, who works in support at Checkr, a software company that provides background checks for businesses. The Silicon Valley Leadership Group estimates that half the companies in the region were co-founded by an immigrant or are now led by a CEO from outside the U.S. In signing an executive order Jan. 27 that would temporarily ban people from seven Muslim-majority countries, Trump said he was trying to protect Americans by preventing terrorists from slipping into the country. The administration says the president has the constitutional authority to decide who can enter. During the Super Bowl, several companies ran ads that promoted diversity and inclusion, as marketers tried to reach both sides of a consumer base roiled by the election. One of the most overtly political was from Airbnb, a company that matches travelers with places to stay. The San Francisco company showed close-ups of people with different ethnicities. A narrator says: "We believe no matter who you are, where you're from, who you love or who you worship, we all belong. The world is more beautiful the more you accept." Airbnb followed up with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need, starting with refugees, disaster survivors and relief workers. The company also said it will donate $4 million over four years to the International Rescue Committee, joining many tech brethren in making financial contributions. Google set up a $4 million "crisis fund" in January to support organizations that are helping immigrants and refugees, while ride-hailing service Lyft pledged $1 million over the next four years to the American Civil Liberties Union, one of the groups challenging the ban. And workers from Google and Comcast workers have staged walkouts over the restriction. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. "I wouldn't be where I am today or have any kind of life that I have today if this was not a brave country that really stood out and spoke for liberty," Brin told a crowd of Google employees who walked out in protest last week. Tech companies risk alienating the many Americans who support Trump and his policies. But the risk is lower than that of, say, a company that makes consumer products with plenty of alternatives. It's much harder to boycott a Facebook or Google, where you have friends or your email address, said digital marketing analyst Rebecca Lieb. She added that people are less likely to toss out a $2,000 laptop or pricey mobile phone than change soft drinks. In fact, tech companies might be more wary of backlash from the anti-Trump side. Last week, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quit Trump's council of business leaders after an outcry from Uber customers and employees who were upset about the ban. In addition, most tech companies have operations around the world and risk alienating customers abroad if they stay silent. "We interact with a large global ecosystem and our businesses would not be here or be able to thrive without it," said Aaron Levie, CEO of Box Inc., an online storage service. "So our businesses are extremely sensitive, by default, to things that affect immigration and things that affect our relationship with the broader world." ___ Associated Press Writers Barbara Ortutay in New York and Chris Grygiel in Seattle contributed to this report. Mae Anderson reported from New York. Tags Wire Business General News Technology Travel Laws And Regulations Government Regulations Government And Politics Travel Lifestyle Religion And Politics Religious Issues Religion Social Affairs Social Issues Political Refugees Human Welfare Corporate Legal Affairs Corporate News Social Media Online Media Media Courts Judiciary Corporate Management Personnel Immigration Temporary Workers Labor Issues × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. More sports headlines Saturday's sectional wrestling tournaments at a glance PREP SCOREBOARD | Thursday, Feb. 2 Thursday's prep report: Bell wins twice for Muskie wrestlers Boys basketball capsule: Davenport North at Muscatine Girls basketball capsule: Muscatine at Davenport North More on this topic US sees no adverse impact from Alberta Clipper pipeline Christie approves Uber and Lyft to operate in New Jersey The Latest: Trump has 'full confidence' in Flynn How major US stock market indexes fared on Friday Ford bets $1B on startup founded by Waymo, Uber vets Local Companies | FindTheCompany Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Most Popular 2002 Muskie boys honored 15 years after unexpected run to state Connie L. Meixner-Smith Vickie Webber Anderson The Coffee Belt offers cozy hangout downtown L-M trio seize chances to continue careers in college Woman charged after stabbing at Hotel Muscatine "Just go be funny": MHS grad to record first comedy album in Iowa City Hy-Vee Mainstreet provides ride vouchers to Southend residents ahead of WFO closing Body of missing Columbus Junction man found Limoges: Store closure brings back flood of memories Currents +6 Homes Photos: Look inside this $250M mega mansion, the most expensive US listing Movies The best long movies that are worth your time Football A history of Super Bowl advertising, in five charts Dolan says MSG banning Oakley after arrest at Knicks game The son of Anna Nicole Smith dies tragically Column: Loria tries to finish off great con in South Florida Kate Spade playful, Klein political at NY Fashion Week TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Trump on travel ban: We will win that battle GOP lawmakers face angry crowds back home US officials corroborate aspects of dossier The son of Anna Nicole Smith dies tragically Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania Topics & Features Obituaries E-Edition Weather Contact Us River Levels Online Features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
skip to main content Site Menu Donate Menu News All IPR News Talk of Iowa River to River Iowa Week 2016 Culture and Diversity All News Programs News Staff Classical Classical Playlists Classical Iowa Blog Iowa Arts Showcase At the Opera with IPR Performance Iowa Symphonies of Iowa Choral Tradition Classical Pronunciation Guide All Music Programs Classical Staff Studio One Studio One Playlists Studio One Blog The B-Side Blog Featured Release Backtracks Beatles Medley Blue Avenue Java Blend Studio One Tracks The Folk Tree All Music Programs Studio One Staff Playlists Classical Studio One Listening Radio & HD Listening Online Listening IPR App Radio & HD Signal Maps Printable Program Schedules Podcasts Mobile Apps Support IPR Pledge Now How to Support Vehicle Donation Corporate Sponsors Sustaining Membership Leadership Circle On-air Dedication Looking for your Tax Receipt? Contest Rules of Entry Events & Ways To Connect Blues Blowout 2017 Ira Glass in Iowa Studio One Underground IPR Open Houses Community Calendar Share Your Insights Facebook Twitter Contact Us ISDN Bookings Search Menu News All IPR News Talk of Iowa River to River Iowa Week 2016 Culture and Diversity All News Programs News Staff Classical Classical Playlists Classical Iowa Blog Iowa Arts Showcase At the Opera with IPR Performance Iowa Symphonies of Iowa Choral Tradition Classical Pronunciation Guide All Music Programs Classical Staff Studio One Studio One Playlists Studio One Blog The B-Side Blog Featured Release Backtracks Beatles Medley Blue Avenue Java Blend Studio One Tracks The Folk Tree All Music Programs Studio One Staff Playlists Classical Studio One Listening Radio & HD Listening Online Listening IPR App Radio & HD Signal Maps Printable Program Schedules Podcasts Mobile Apps Support IPR Pledge Now How to Support Vehicle Donation Corporate Sponsors Sustaining Membership Leadership Circle On-air Dedication Looking for your Tax Receipt? Contest Rules of Entry Events & Ways To Connect Blues Blowout 2017 Ira Glass in Iowa Studio One Underground IPR Open Houses Community Calendar Share Your Insights Facebook Twitter Contact Us ISDN Bookings Search Related Program:  Classical music with Barney Sherman IPR's 2016 Meta-List of Worldwide Classical Picks: What Stood Out? (Pt. 1) By Barney Sherman • Feb 6, 2017 Related Program:  Classical music with Barney Sherman TweetShareGoogle+Email In 2007, I read that the "dispute about classical recording is whether it is dying or dead," but in 2016 it seemed as frisky as kids swarming a playground. So many albums came out that trying to winnow them to a "best-of-the-year" list could make you empathize with an Ivy League admissions officer. Yet the challenge didn't daunt hundreds of critics worldwide, and their choices were fascinating. In recent years I've been aggregating all the lists I could find into a "meta-list," and I wasn't ready to stop just yet, so ... welcome to IPR's 2016 Classical Mega-Meta-List! This year it aggregates 70 lists. Many had multiple contributors, for a total of well over 400. They came from 27 countries, almost twice as many as when the Meta-List project started, because Google Translate made it easy to access sources outside the Anglosphere. Google let me add lists in Danish, Dutch, Estonian, French, German, Japanese, Polish, Romanian, Spanish, and Swedish to dozens in English from as far away as Israel.  Three years are too few to show long-term trends, but they suggest baselines and may even tell us something about the industry in the mid-2010s. Could it be that the mega-meta-lists give a sense of the classical recording “long tail?" That's Chris Anderson's term for our cultural shift "away from a focus on a relatively small number of hits" and "toward a huge number of niches," and it explains how the top-rated TV shows of 2017 get renewed with fewer viewers than "flops" canceled 20 years ago. It may also soften media's tendency to funnel attention to "superstars." That kind of funneling did happen in this year's meta-list  - the top fifth of picks won half of all the votes, and the top 5% won a third of them - but it's nothing new. What really grew in 2016 was the tail. Over 600 new classical releases struck somebody somewhere as belonging on a best-of-year list, and two-thirds of those picks received only one vote. And while no more releases than last year made 10+ lists, far more received four or five votes. That threshold was reached by 28 CDs last year, but 41 this time. The longer tail could be an artifact of the wider range of countries surveyed, but that's all right with me, since classical recording is genuinely international in the digital age. And I do feel comfortable saying that an industry that produced 600 best-of-year candidates is not acting moribund. The Cassandras may eventually turn out to be right, but for the last three years the gift horses have been galloping. For reasons I detail every year, even the most mega meta-list could never tell us which recordings were, in fact, the "best" of the year.  [Feel free to skip this list of reasons, but: PR and distribution influence what reaches the ears of critics worldwide; our judgments aren't completely independent; we tend to be more interested in some genres than other equally worthy ones, like band music; and we have unconscious biases that will someday be more apparent than they are now. It will someday feel odd, for example, that almost all of the composers had Y chromosomes.] But if not all the cream could ever rise to the top of any list of lists, what did rise was grass-fed free-range organic AAA-grade, and without aggregation some of it could have been missed. And who knew that the album that dominated the list would be an indie release of a brand-new work fostered by a rare collaboration of performer and composer? The envelope please: _______________________________________________  RECORD OF THE YEAR (22 votes) HANS ABRAHAMSEN, Let Me Tell You - Barbara Hannigan, soprano, with the Bavarian Radio Symphony Orchestra, conducted by Andris Nelsons (Winter and Winter NMC 197)     The release that soared to the top of the list contains a single cycle lasting 33 minutes but feeling more substantial than many operas. When Let Me Tell You had its Boston premiere, says Fresh Air’s Lloyd Schwartz, “at the end, after a full minute of stunned silence, it got one of the most sustained ovations I've ever heard for a new piece.” The reason was partly the gripping performance by soprano Barbara Hannigan, a Canadian who is also a notable composer and conductor. Indeed, she contributed far more than just great performance, but was central to the work's genesis. It was Hannigan who thought of setting a text from a novel by Welshman Paul Griffith, which he wrote with only the 483 words used by Ophelia in Hamlet. And it was Hannigan who decided that the perfect composer for it would be a 63-year-old Dane named Hans Abrahamsen. In turn, just as Handel or Mozart tailored music to specific singers or instrumentalists, Abrahamsen consulted at length with Hannigan about her vocal techniques, ranging from Italian Baroque to modern practices, in order to make full use of them. The other reason for the ovation was the music that resulted from this collaboration. Let Me Tell You shows that Shakespeare can still inspire musicians to their highest peaks, as he did for the likes of Mendelssohn and Verdi. The cycle's beauty is mesmerizing and sometimes other-worldly, yet always deeply humane. The Ophelia whose inner life it evokes is more complex than the original character, and stronger. Her final words are “I will go on,” and Abrahamsen and Hannigan make us feel them more vividly than we could on our own. Giving such a voice to the most haunting of victims is no small achievement, but there's more. As Schwartz notes, Let Me Tell You explores not only Ophelia's experience but also "questions of time and memory, nature and human isolation. And what is music if not time, Ophelia sings in Let Me Tell You. Time of now and then tumbled into one another, time turned and loosed, time sweet and harsh. Most important, these haunting works are also extremely moving. Without affection music means nothing...” The recording deserved affection, and earned it from 22 lists from around the globe. Here’s a youtube of a section from one of Hannigan’s live performances last year:      _______________________________________________________   GOLD (10-20 votes) Prediction is hard, but disconfirmation is easy. In 2008, a pundit asserted that the “remaining three 'major' labels will be out of the classical business within two years." Instead,  in 2016 the major labels gave us most of the classical releases chosen for 1o lists or more.  Save for the wintry Let Me Tell You and a Sibelius CD from Minnesota, all were on either Sony or Deutsche Grammophon, a division of Vivendi. Whether you consider that a good thing (the major media conglomerates are seriously into classical again!) or a bad one (conglomerates dominated classical!), it suggests that classical projects made sense to presumably skeptical, tight-fisted Chief Financial Officers. And it's good to note that while the major labels still sometimes push "crossover" projects centered on pretty people performing fluff, what impressed critics was major repertory played by serious interpreters. On to the picks: DMITRI SHOSTAKOVICH: Under Stalin's Shadow - Symphonies 5, 8, and 9; Hamlet incidental music - Boston Symphony Orchestra conducted by Andris Nelsons (Deutsche Grammophon 479 520)  If the name "Andris Nelsons" sounds familiar, perhaps it's because he was  the conductor of Let Me Tell You. The 38-year-old Latvian is the new music director of the Leipzig Gewandhaus and is continuing in that role with the Boston Symphony Orchestra, which appointed him in 2015. With the latter group, he recorded a Hamlet-based set that is much lighter than Let Me Tell You, having been written for a farcical Moscow production of the play. But the composer, Dmitri Shostakovich, was arguably the greatest symphonist of the 20th century, and the main focus of this recording is a set of three of his symphonies that together form a perfect introduction to his range. You should hear this recording even if you already have many other Shostakovich albums in your collection; it is that outstanding.  Shostakovich wrote his Fifth Symphony in 1937 after Pravda denounced his Fourth for its "formalism." To quote NPR, "​Fearing arrest, torture and even death, the composer, with sly brilliance and a remarkable spirit, found a way to compose music which appeared to adhere to Stalin's directives while subtly weaving a deeper and sardonic musical truth." Then, at the depths of the war in 1943, Shostakovich wrote the overtly dark Eighth, which, to quote Susan Scheid, was "banned in 1948 by decree of the Party’s Central Committee following a series of hearings on charges brought against 'deviant artists'.” That ban also applied to 1945's more comical Ninth, even though earlier it had been nominated for the "Stalin Prize," which, of course, it did not win. Nelsons knows from experience about making music under the totalitarian boot. He was 12  when the USSR collapsed, freeing his native Latvia and allowing his grandfather to return home after 15 years in Siberia. Nelsons later studied conducting at the St. Petersburg Conservatory under an old Soviet maestro.  He understands Shostakovich as few conductors do, and the Boston Symphony Orchestra clearly finds him inspiring. I have loved the BSO's self-produced recordings for years, but it's wonderful to see them again on the prestigious "yellow label," DGG. As expected, the recorded sound is demonstration quality. JOHANN SEBASTIAN BACH: French Suites - Murray Perahia, piano (Deutsche Grammophon 479 6565)  I've felt for a while that we live in a golden age of Bach playing, and gained confidence in the feeling when the not-easily-impressed David Hurwitz said the same in print. We can count the 2016 meta-mega-list as evidence. No fewer than thirty recordings of Bach's music made someone’s list, about 5% of all the recordings that received at least one vote. The preponderance of Bach conveys how much musicians wanted to record his music and how many of them did it superbly. The sheer number of Bach recordings made it hard for any one to make the meta-list, yet one release stood out, and it shows that sometimes things go right in the world. It featured the great American pianist Murray Perahia. After recovering from a hand injury that almost ended his career, Perahia recorded some of the greatest Bach on record for Sony. Now 70 years old, in 2016 he made his first recording for Deutsche Grammophon, and his playing is better than ever. If you love Bach,  be sure to hear it. It will remind you, among other things, that the French Suites include some of Bach’s most profound music. During the time he was separated from the piano, Perahia says, what kept him sane was studying Bach's scores. He became fascinated by Bach's use of harmonic tension (a skill Bach's sons referred to in his obituary), and in these suites I've never before felt the expressive power of the dissonant notes so fully. Perahia also internalized a feeling for the Baroque idioms that Bach references throughout these suites. For example, in the canarie-style Gigue from the Second Suite, David Schulenberg warns that "the skipping rhythm is heard almost without a break" so that "there is a danger of rhythmic monotony," but with Perahia you instead feel exhilarated. FRANZ LISZT: TRANSCENDENTAL - Transcendental Etudes, Paganini Etudes, and Concert Etudes - Daniil Trifonov, piano (Deutsche Grammophon 479 552) Speaking of golden ages, Anthony Tommasini of the New York Times has applied the phrase to today's piano players. In the past, he said, piano lovers often had to choose between artists with stupendous technique and those with profound insight, but today dozens of pianists offer both. A recent example is 25-year-old Daniil Trifonov, whose seemingly magical touch makes a piano sound so ravishing that it transcends the physics of hammers and strings, but whose brain seems to understand perfectly why the composers chose the notes they did. (Unlike the stereotypical virtuoso, Trifonov is finishing a doctorate in composition in Cleveland.) You don't have to know much about Liszt to be enchanted by the sheer beauty of the sounds conjured. You might wonder how many music writers know our Liszt etudes well enough to judge this album against Kyrill Gerstein's 2016 recording on the indie Myrios label. Jed Distler, who knows these pieces profoundly, preferred Gerstein musically, while other knowledgeable critics preferred Trifonov, and the New York Times solved the problem by listing both in its end-of-year roundup. I like that solution. Classical musicians compete with each other as well as with a record catalog going back decades, and I wish there were a way not to have to compare varieties of excellence. That is exactly what we are forced to do by tournaments like "best-of-the-year" lists, so, like the NYT, let this one acknowledge both artists.   JEAN SIBELIUS: Symphonies nos. 3, 6, and 7 - Minnesota Orchestra conducted by Osmo Vanska (BIS 2006) With their then-new Finnish music director Osmo Vanska, the Minnesota Orchestra gained international prominence when the Swedish audiophile label BIS recorded them in a Beethoven cycle. Next up was Finland's most influential composer, Sibelius. BIS had recorded his symphonies with Vanska in the Nineties with Finland's leading orchestra, the Lahti, and many considered that set a modern reference. So why would BIS spring for another go-round? Perhaps sound recording continues to advance, or because BIS is known for taking risks, or because Vanska had been rethinking the works. The new cycle started well, but then was endangered when the orchestra fell into the longest labor dispute in the history of major American orchestras  - a 15-month lockout that led to cancelation of a Carnegie Hall gig and a European tour. Happily, our neighbors to the North eventually resolved the standoff, and you can consider this final disk in the new Sibelius series the comeback. The back-story itself could make it a sentimental favorite, but the interpretations are by no means routine. The flow and the atmosphere gripped many listeners worldwide, even in a couple of movements with notably unhurried tempos. The engineering is, sure enough, rich and realistic, with a dynamic range so wide that it will preclude listening in a moving car. LUDWIG VAN BEETHOVEN: Missa Solemnis - Laura Aikin (soprano), Bernarda Fink (mezzo), Johannes Chum (tenor), Ruben Drole (bass), Arnold Schoenberg Choir and the Concentus Musicus Wien conducted by  Nikolaus Harnoncourt (Sony) - "From the heart, may it go to the heart," wrote Beethoven over the score of his Missa Solemnis, which he regarded as his greatest work. But performances can sound shrill and disjointed. Not here. The conductor, who has recorded it twice before, unifies it here in a way that is rare. Harnoncourt founded the Concentus Musicus in 1953 to play early music on period instruments. By the 1980s he was conducting major orchestras, bringing iconoclastic imagination and ideas to every performance. Before his death last year at the age of 86, Harnoncourt asked that his final release be the tape of a 2015 concert of this Missa Solemnis. He'd recorded the work before with modern-instrument groups, but here returned to it with the Concentus Musicus, a much more virtuosic ensemble today than 50 years ago, and found new depths in it. You can hear why Harnoncourt wanted this release to be his final testament, as it is a kind of summation of his life's work. The Missa Solemnis contains some of Beethoven's greatest moments but for me, rarely gels as a totality. In this live performance it did, and I'm glad Sony released it commercially. WOLFGANG AMADEUS MOZART: Don Giovanni -  Karina Gauvin (Donna Elvira), Christina Gansch (Zerlina), Mika Kares (Commmendatore), Guido Loconsolo (Masetto), Kenneth Tarver (Don Ottavio), Vito Priante (Leporello), Myrto Papatanasiu (Donna Anna), Dimitris Tiliakos (Don Giovanni), Musica Aeterna conducted by Teodor Currentzis (Sony) -  In 2005, Greek-born Russian conductor Teodor Currentzis, a self-described "anarchist narcissist" and "crazy genius, said, "I am going to save classical music. Give me five or ten years. You'll see." The decade is up, and you can decide for yourself what we've seen. But Currentzis did release, in 2016, a recording that ten critics put on their favorites list. It's of the greatest of operas about an anarchistic narcissist,  Mozart's Don Giovanni. Having funding helped. Currentzis directs the Opera and Ballet in the Ural city of Perm (which the USSR once called "Molotov"), and seems to be generously funded. Opera is the most expensive of art forms, and Currentzis's recording sessions are three-week-long residential intensives preceded by endless rehearsals. When recording Don Giovanni, according to PRI's The World said, singer Simone Kermes "seemed a bit dazed after more than 50 takes of a short passage," and said, "Of course Mozart is difficult to record and what Teodor wants, it's like over what a human can do... He has no respect [for] the singer. Sometimes I hate him." As it turned out, Currentzis wasn't happy with that recording, and here Sony's deep corporate pockets gave him what few artist ever get: a do-over. Sony canned the first recording and funded a second intensive (Kermes was surely relieved not to be involved). Some critics found the final result too crazy, but ten of them loved its edginess. COMING SOON: As I mentioned, the "long tail" was even more fascinating than the top picks. Did it include any women composers? How much Bach WAS there? What other new works? Stay tuned... I promised to post the rest soon, along with some notes on my methods and a complete list of sources! Tags:  Classical Barn Classical Iowa TweetShareGoogle+Email Related Content 2016 was a bumper year for NON-garden-variety Iowa classical CDs. (My Round-Up with Charity Nebbe.) By Barney Sherman • Jan 3, 2017 In 2016, Berlin and Paris released new Beethoven sets, but if you want classical music that hasn’t been recorded 100 times, you really ought to give Iowa a try. So when Charity Nebbe invited me to share favorite releases of 2016, I focused entirely on our state. As I mentioned to her, Iowa orchestras play awesome Beethoven (you can hear them on IPR's Symphonies of Iowa ), but in studio albums, Iowa musicians tend to explore less-traveled byways. 2015 Classical "Mega-Meta-List": Worldwide Best-CD Poll More Mega, More Diverse (Part 1) By Barney Sherman • Jan 12, 2016 Today's output of classical albums is (pardon me while I scribble on the back of an envelope) something like triple what it was a generation ago. So what WERE the best classical albums of 2014? A worldwide "META" list tries to answer By Barney Sherman • Jan 15, 2015 operaomnia [UPDATED Jan 18: Expanded to include 36 publications and over 100 critics - yielding some new rankings:] What were the best classical releases of 2014? Don't ask me!- or any one person alone. After all, thousands of releases came out last year, and nobody had the time or money to listen to every contender. Besides, we're more likely to hear about artists from our own necks of the woods. And that neck is defined not only geographically but also musically, since most critics have specialized tastes and expertise.  © 2017 Iowa Public Radio About IPR Board of Directors Contact Us Careers at IPR Terms of Use For the Press Events
Jump to navigation Listen Live News Talk Sports Traffic  BREAKING NEWS: Freedom granted to man who beheaded Greyhound bus passenger // READ MORE Tech cos. take stand against travel ban, risking backlash Previous Article Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward  Next Article By The Canadian Press February 6, 2017 - 4:56pm SAN FRANCISCO — Through a Super Bowl ad, public statements and court filings, Silicon Valley's biggest companies are taking a strong stand against President Donald Trump's travel ban, saying high tech needs immigrants' creativity and energy to stay competitive. Although the companies are risking a backlash from customers who side with Trump, they say the pushback is necessary for an industry dependent on thousands of highly skilled foreign workers. About 58 per cent of the engineers and other high-skill employees in Silicon Valley were born outside the U.S., according to the Silicon Valley Leadership Group, an industry trade group. "Immigration and innovation go hand in hand," said Carl Guardino, the group's CEO. "This cuts so deeply into the bone and marrow of what fuels the innovation economy that very few CEOs feel the luxury of sitting on the sidelines. So people are going to stand up and speak up." The tech industry contends there aren't enough Americans with the specialized skills these companies need. Though critics contend that companies favour immigrants because they can pay them less, tech companies argue that the ban would pressure them to move some operations abroad. "A lot of these companies will really struggle if all of a sudden we turn off the spigot," said Greg Morrisett, dean of computing and information sciences at Cornell University. In a court filing Sunday against the ban, 97 companies, including such major tech players as Google, Apple, Microsoft, eBay, Netflix, Facebook and Twitter, also spoke of the entrepreneurial spirit of "people who choose to leave everything that is familiar and journey to an unknown land to make a new life." Google CEO Sundar Pichai and Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella both came from India. Google co-founder Sergey Brin is a Russian refugee who moved to the U.S. as a boy. The father of Apple's late co-founder, Steve Jobs, immigrated from Syria. The Silicon Valley Leadership Group estimates that half the companies in the region were co-founded by an immigrant or are now led by a CEO from outside the U.S. In signing an executive order Jan. 27 that would temporarily ban people from seven Muslim-majority countries, Trump said he was trying to protect Americans by preventing terrorists from slipping into the country. The administration says the president has the constitutional authority to decide who can enter. During the Super Bowl, several companies ran ads that promoted diversity and inclusion, as marketers tried to reach both sides of a consumer base roiled by the election. One of the most overtly political was from Airbnb, a company that matches travellers with places to stay. The San Francisco company showed close-ups of people with different ethnicities. A narrator says: "We believe no matter who you are, where you're from, who you love or who you worship, we all belong. The world is more beautiful the more you accept." Airbnb followed up with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need, starting with refugees, disaster survivors and relief workers. The company also said it will donate $4 million over four years to the International Rescue Committee, joining many tech brethren in making financial contributions. Google set up a $4 million "crisis fund" in January to support organizations that are helping immigrants and refugees, while ride-hailing service Lyft pledged $1 million over the next four years to the American Civil Liberties Union, one of the groups challenging the ban. And workers from Google and Comcast workers have staged walkouts over the restriction. "I wouldn't be where I am today or have any kind of life that I have today if this was not a brave country that really stood out and spoke for liberty," Brin told a crowd of Google employees who walked out in protest last week. Tech companies risk alienating the many Americans who support Trump and his policies. But the risk is lower than that of, say, a company that makes consumer products with plenty of alternatives. It's much harder to boycott a Facebook or Google, where you have friends or your email address, said digital marketing analyst Rebecca Lieb. She added that people are less likely to toss out a $2,000 laptop or pricey mobile phone than change soft drinks. In fact, tech companies might be more wary of backlash from the anti-Trump side. Last week, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quit Trump's council of business leaders after an outcry from Uber customers and employees who were upset about the ban. In addition, most tech companies have operations around the world and risk alienating customers abroad if they stay silent. "We interact with a large global ecosystem and our businesses would not be here or be able to thrive without it," said Aaron Levie, CEO of Box Inc., an online storage service. "So our businesses are extremely sensitive, by default, to things that affect immigration and things that affect our relationship with the broader world." ___ Associated Press Writers Barbara Ortutay in New York and Chris Grygiel in Seattle contributed to this report. Mae Anderson reported from New York. Mae Anderson And Michael Liedtke, The Associated Press ©2017 The Canadian Press Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward Topics:  International Join the Discussion 650 CKOM is happy to provide a forum for commenting and discussion. Please respect and abide by the house rules: Keep it clean, keep it civil, keep it truthful, stay on topic, be responsible, share your knowledge, and please suggest removal of comments that violate these standards. See full commenting rules. View the discussion thread. Listen live News Talk Sports Traffic Weather Search Local Provincial National International All Topics RSS Feeds The Brent Loucks Show 6:00am 8:30am Gormley 8:30am 12:30pm Saskatchewan Afternoon 1:00pm 3:00pm The Green Zone 3:00pm 6:00pm All Shows Schedule Podcasts On Demand Contests Events Adopt A Family Auction Insider The Green Zone Game Day with Wray Prime Time Sports Riders Local Provincial National Traffic Updates Highway Hotline Report a Pothole Latest Traffic Feb 10 Road Work For Friday Feb 09 Road Work For Thursday Feb 08 Road Work For Wednesday loading weather... © 650 CKOM . All Rights Reserved. Contact  //  Rss  //  Rules  //  ToS  //  Privacy
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News SoftBank-backed Snapdeal predicts profits in two years Tata Sons shareholders vote to remove Cyrus Mistry from board of directors Business Standard Facebook, Google join drive against fake news in France Facebook has 24 million users in France, more than a third of the country's population Reuters  |  PARIS  February 7, 2017 Last Updated at 02:58 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UTMU0Z Facebook. Photo: Reuters ALSO READ In race against fake news, Google and Facebook stroll to starting line Facebook to add fact checkers to test fake news, hoaxes Google, Facebook cut ad revenue to 'fake' news sites post US election controversies Facebook mounts effort to limit tide of fake news A guide to crack Google and Facebook's software engineering interviews Giant Internet firms Facebook and Google joined forces with news organisations on Monday to launch new fact-checking tools designed to root out "fake news" stories in France ahead of the country's presidential election. Social networks and news aggregators came under fire during the US presidential vote when it became clear they had inadvertently fanned false news reports. Facebook , said it would work with eight French news organisations, including news agency Agence France-Presse (AFP), news channel BFM TV, and newspapers L'Express and Le Monde to minimise the risk that false news appeared on its platform. Facebook, the world's biggest social network, has 24 million users in France, more than a third of the country's population. It will rely on users to flag fake news on its network so that the articles can then by fact-checked by its partner organisations. Any news report deemed to be fake by two of its partners would then be tagged with an icon to show that the content is contested, Facebook said. Facebook is also supporting a separate initiative launched by Google dubbed "CrossCheck" which calls on users to submit links to contested content to a dedicated website so that it can be investigated. Seventeen French newsrooms have joined the project, including AFP and the French public national television broadcaster. Facebook is also taking steps against fake news in Germany, where government officials have expressed concerns that false stories and hate speech online could influence a federal election in September in which chancellor Angela Merkel will seek a fourth term in office. In the United States, Facebook has said users would in future find it easier to flag fake articles as a hoax, and added that it will work with organizations such as fact-checking website Snopes, ABC News and the Associated Press to check the authenticity of stories. Read More On Facebook News | Facebook | Facebook Fake News | Google | Companies | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Free Brokerage for 1st Month Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Exploring Untapped Potential of Mutual Funds. IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Supercharge your Indian property portfolio New to investing in shares? Open 100% Paperless Demat Account in just 15 mins. Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? Facebook, Google join drive against fake news in France Facebook has 24 million users in France, more than a third of the country's population Facebook has 24 million users in France, more than a third of the country's population Giant Internet firms Facebook and Google joined forces with news organisations on Monday to launch new fact-checking tools designed to root out "fake news" stories in France ahead of the country's presidential election. Social networks and news aggregators came under fire during the US presidential vote when it became clear they had inadvertently fanned false news reports. Facebook , said it would work with eight French news organisations, including news agency Agence France-Presse (AFP), news channel BFM TV, and newspapers L'Express and Le Monde to minimise the risk that false news appeared on its platform. Facebook, the world's biggest social network, has 24 million users in France, more than a third of the country's population. It will rely on users to flag fake news on its network so that the articles can then by fact-checked by its partner organisations. Any news report deemed to be fake by two of its partners would then be tagged with an icon to show that the content is contested, Facebook said. Facebook is also supporting a separate initiative launched by Google dubbed "CrossCheck" which calls on users to submit links to contested content to a dedicated website so that it can be investigated. Seventeen French newsrooms have joined the project, including AFP and the French public national television broadcaster. Facebook is also taking steps against fake news in Germany, where government officials have expressed concerns that false stories and hate speech online could influence a federal election in September in which chancellor Angela Merkel will seek a fourth term in office. In the United States, Facebook has said users would in future find it easier to flag fake articles as a hoax, and added that it will work with organizations such as fact-checking website Snopes, ABC News and the Associated Press to check the authenticity of stories. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Facebook, Google join drive against fake news in France Facebook has 24 million users in France, more than a third of the country's population Giant Internet firms Facebook and Google joined forces with news organisations on Monday to launch new fact-checking tools designed to root out "fake news" stories in France ahead of the country's presidential election. Social networks and news aggregators came under fire during the US presidential vote when it became clear they had inadvertently fanned false news reports. Facebook , said it would work with eight French news organisations, including news agency Agence France-Presse (AFP), news channel BFM TV, and newspapers L'Express and Le Monde to minimise the risk that false news appeared on its platform. Facebook, the world's biggest social network, has 24 million users in France, more than a third of the country's population. It will rely on users to flag fake news on its network so that the articles can then by fact-checked by its partner organisations. Any news report deemed to be fake by two of its partners would then be tagged with an icon to show that the content is contested, Facebook said. Facebook is also supporting a separate initiative launched by Google dubbed "CrossCheck" which calls on users to submit links to contested content to a dedicated website so that it can be investigated. Seventeen French newsrooms have joined the project, including AFP and the French public national television broadcaster. Facebook is also taking steps against fake news in Germany, where government officials have expressed concerns that false stories and hate speech online could influence a federal election in September in which chancellor Angela Merkel will seek a fourth term in office. In the United States, Facebook has said users would in future find it easier to flag fake articles as a hoax, and added that it will work with organizations such as fact-checking website Snopes, ABC News and the Associated Press to check the authenticity of stories. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Media BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 T-Mobile could begin offering 'Google's iMessage' BI Intelligence Feb. 6, 2017, 4:14 PM 4,102 facebook linkedin twitter email print BI Intelligence See Also Apple is taking on Facebook with an iMessage app store Siri is coming to Apple Watch apps Voice apps are falling into the same traps as mobile apps This story was delivered to BI Intelligence Apps and Platforms Briefing subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. T-Mobile could soon offer Rich Communications Services (RCS) via Google’s Messenger app, according to Digital Trends. T-Mobile will be the second US carrier to offer Google’s RCS after Sprint, which started offering the standard in November 2016. RCS is an upgrade to the SMS text messaging standard. It allows mobile carriers to offer many of the same features as messenger apps, like group chat and high-resolution photo sharing. These features aren’t available in SMS messaging, and over-the-top (OTT) messenger apps like WhatsApp and Apple’s iMessage have been eating into mobile carriers’ SMS revenues by offering them. By 2021, global operator revenue is expected to decline 4%, from $74 billion to $56 billion, largely due to the impact of OTT chat apps, according to ABI Research. Google would like to turn RCS into an industry-wide messaging standard, but more carriers need to back it first. Having Sprint and T-Mobile could signal a turning of the tide. The two carriers are the smaller of the big four US carriers, after Verizon and AT&T. However, smaller companies typically have an easier time launching innovative products, with larger companies following suit later. And while some carriers offer their own versions of RCS, such as AT&T, they aren’t compatible with Google’s version, which is aiming to create a universal profile, making RCS messaging between any device or network via Google Messenger possible.  Messaging apps have evolved beyond simple text communication tools to include commerce, file sharing, artificial intelligence, and more. And that evolution is ongoing. BI Intelligence, Business Insider’s premium research service, has compiled a detailed report on messaging apps that takes a close look at the size of the messaging app market, how these apps are changing, and the types of opportunities for monetization that have emerged from the growing audience that uses messaging services daily. Here are some of the key takeaways from the report: Mobile messaging apps are massive. The largest services have hundreds of millions of monthly active users (MAU). Falling data prices, cheaper devices, and improved features are helping propel their growth. Messaging apps are about more than messaging. The first stage of the chat app revolution was focused on growth. In the next phase, companies will focus on building out services and monetizing chat apps’ massive user base. Popular Asian messaging apps like WeChat, KakaoTalk, and LINE have taken the lead in finding innovative ways to keep users engaged. They’ve also built successful strategies for monetizing their services. Media companies, and marketers are still investing more time and resources into social networks like Facebook and Twitter than they are into messaging services. That will change as messaging companies build out their services and provide more avenues for connecting brands, publishers, and advertisers with users. In full, this report: Gives a high-level overview of the messaging market in the US by comparing total monthly active users for the top chat apps. Examines the user behavior of chat app users, specifically what makes them so attractive to brands, publishers, and advertisers. Identifies what distinguishes chat apps in the West from their counterparts in the East. Discusses the potentially lucrative avenues companies are pursuing to monetize their services. Offers key insights and implications for marketers as they consider interacting with users through these new platforms. To get your copy of this invaluable guide, choose one of these options: Subscribe to an ALL-ACCESS Membership with BI Intelligence and gain immediate access to this report AND over 100 other expertly researched deep-dive reports, subscriptions to all of our daily newsletters, and much more. >> START A MEMBERSHIP Purchase the report and download it immediately from our research store. >> BUY THE REPORT The choice is yours. But however you decide to acquire this report, you’ve given yourself a powerful advantage in your understanding of the future of messaging apps. More: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Content Marketing Apps and Platforms Mobile T-Mobile Google Messenger Messaging apps facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru T-Mobile could begin offering 'Google's iMessage' T-Mobile could begin offering 'Google's iMessage' This story was delivered to BI Intelligence... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
GSMArena.com Tip us 848k 113k 86k 164k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Blog Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact Twice as bright LG V20 review - - - Google makes the February Android security update official Post your comment Comments (9) Vlad 06 February 2017 Google Android Firmware Updates If it's the first Monday of the month (and it is), then it's time for Google to release a new Android security update. And, like clockwork, this has happened today. Following earlier reports of the new release going out to the Huawei Nexus 6P, Google has posted OTA zip files and full system images for all of the Nexus and Pixel devices it supports. The new updates are obviously also headed to these devices over-the-air, though as always with Google rollouts it will probably take a few weeks for all units out there to get the new software this way. After you apply the new update, the Google Pixel and Pixel XL will be on one of two build numbers: NOF26W is Rogers-only, while NOF26V covers everyone else using every other carrier in the world. NUF26K is for Nexus 6P units on Verizon, N4F26O for all the other Nexus 6Ps. For the Nexus 6 there are three different builds: N6F26R (Android 7.1.1 for all), NBD91Z (Android 7.0 for AT&T), and NBD91Y (Android 7.0 for other carriers). The Pixel C and Nexus 5X both get build N4F26O, the Nexus Player has NMF26X, while for the Nexus 9 (both Wi-Fi and LTE) the build is N4F26Q. If you're wondering what exact vulnerabilities and bugs were fixed with this release, Google's Android security bulletin page has the answers. Via Related articles Nexus 6P starts getting February security patch February patch for Google Pixel/Pixel XL and Nexus 6P will begin rolling next week Google Now Launcher will die by the end of March Google Assistant will arrive on on the Nexus 6P and Nexus 5X soon, rumor says Reader comments Bazelas pVNx 09 Feb 2017 After this update my phone (Nexus 6p) freezes and restart for 3 & 4 times in a day Reply Anonym 60JB 07 Feb 2017 You have the full description in the bulletin's page (link at the bottom of the article). Even if you don't fully understand what each vulnerability does, you can see the severity column to assess the impact. You have there two critical vulnerabili... Reply prem 7k79 07 Feb 2017 my lava pixel v1 Android one phone also got 5.4 mb February security patch. there is any expert who explain what is contain this update because there is no improvement after updating my phone. Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 9 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 (MediaTek) 105,273 2. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 102,188 3. Nokia 6 94,739 4. Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) 75,310 5. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) 70,943 6. Oppo F1s 65,805 7. Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro 65,737 8. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 59,573 9. vivo V5 52,262 10. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 50,099 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 1,941 2. OnePlus 3 1,614 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,576 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,534 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,416 6. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium 1,386 7. HTC 10 1,362 8. Huawei Nexus 6P 1,156 9. LG G5 1,150 10. Sony Xperia Z5 904 Home News Reviews Blog Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2017 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Tech firms take stand against travel ban, risking backlash By Associated Press Published: 21:54 EST, 6 February 2017 | Updated: 21:54 EST, 6 February 2017 e-mail 5 shares SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Through a Super Bowl ad, public statements and court filings, Silicon Valley's biggest companies are taking a strong stand against President Donald Trump's travel ban, saying high tech needs immigrants' creativity and energy to stay competitive. Although the companies are risking a backlash from customers who side with Trump, they say the pushback is necessary for an industry dependent on thousands of highly skilled foreign workers. About 58 percent of the engineers and other high-skill employees in Silicon Valley were born outside the U.S., according to the Silicon Valley Leadership Group, an industry trade group. Nazanin Zinouri, 29, is greeted at the Greenville-Spartanburg International Airport in Greer, S.C., with kisses from her dog Dexter and well-wishers holding signs reading "Welcome Home" on Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Zinouri, an Iranian engineer and Clemson University graduate, had been unable to return to the United States because of the executive order President Donald Trump signed that limited travel to the U.S. from seven Muslim-majority countries. (AP Photo/Alex Sanz) "Immigration and innovation go hand in hand," said Carl Guardino, the group's CEO. "This cuts so deeply into the bone and marrow of what fuels the innovation economy that very few CEOs feel the luxury of sitting on the sidelines. So people are going to stand up and speak up." The tech industry contends there aren't enough Americans with the specialized skills these companies need. Though critics contend that companies favor immigrants because they can pay them less, tech companies argue that the ban would pressure them to move some operations abroad. "A lot of these companies will really struggle if all of a sudden we turn off the spigot," said Greg Morrisett, dean of computing and information sciences at Cornell University. In a court filing Sunday against the ban, 97 companies, including such major tech players as Google, Apple, Microsoft, eBay, Netflix, Facebook and Twitter, also spoke of the entrepreneurial spirit of "people who choose to leave everything that is familiar and journey to an unknown land to make a new life." Google CEO Sundar Pichai and Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella both came from India. Google co-founder Sergey Brin is a Russian refugee who moved to the U.S. as a boy. The father of Apple's late co-founder, Steve Jobs, immigrated from Syria. Tech worker Ehsaan Taeb, 28, said his whole family is in Iran and knowing his parents won't be able to visit him has added stress to his life. But seeing his company and other tech companies taking a stand against the ban has heartened him, he said. "When you see your employer and other companies make that kind of effort, that makes me feel very supported and in a community that's thoughtful and caring," said Taeb, who works in support at Checkr, a software company that provides background checks for businesses. The Silicon Valley Leadership Group estimates that half the companies in the region were co-founded by an immigrant or are now led by a CEO from outside the U.S. In signing an executive order Jan. 27 that would temporarily ban people from seven Muslim-majority countries, Trump said he was trying to protect Americans by preventing terrorists from slipping into the country. The administration says the president has the constitutional authority to decide who can enter. During the Super Bowl, several companies ran ads that promoted diversity and inclusion, as marketers tried to reach both sides of a consumer base roiled by the election. One of the most overtly political was from Airbnb, a company that matches travelers with places to stay. The San Francisco company showed close-ups of people with different ethnicities. A narrator says: "We believe no matter who you are, where you're from, who you love or who you worship, we all belong. The world is more beautiful the more you accept." Airbnb followed up with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need, starting with refugees, disaster survivors and relief workers. The company also said it will donate $4 million over four years to the International Rescue Committee, joining many tech brethren in making financial contributions. Google set up a $4 million "crisis fund" in January to support organizations that are helping immigrants and refugees, while ride-hailing service Lyft pledged $1 million over the next four years to the American Civil Liberties Union, one of the groups challenging the ban. And workers from Google and Comcast workers have staged walkouts over the restriction. "I wouldn't be where I am today or have any kind of life that I have today if this was not a brave country that really stood out and spoke for liberty," Brin told a crowd of Google employees who walked out in protest last week. Tech companies risk alienating the many Americans who support Trump and his policies. But the risk is lower than that of, say, a company that makes consumer products with plenty of alternatives. It's much harder to boycott a Facebook or Google, where you have friends or your email address, said digital marketing analyst Rebecca Lieb. She added that people are less likely to toss out a $2,000 laptop or pricey mobile phone than change soft drinks. In fact, tech companies might be more wary of backlash from the anti-Trump side. Last week, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quit Trump's council of business leaders after an outcry from Uber customers and employees who were upset about the ban. In addition, most tech companies have operations around the world and risk alienating customers abroad if they stay silent. "We interact with a large global ecosystem and our businesses would not be here or be able to thrive without it," said Aaron Levie, CEO of Box Inc., an online storage service. "So our businesses are extremely sensitive, by default, to things that affect immigration and things that affect our relationship with the broader world." ___ Associated Press Writers Barbara Ortutay in New York and Chris Grygiel in Seattle contributed to this report. Mae Anderson reported from New York. Iranian bioengineering researcher Nima Enayati walks out of a gate after arriving at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. The Ph.D. candidate at a university in Milan, was prevented from boarding a flight to the U.S. on Jan. 30. He had a visa to conduct research on robotic surgery at Stanford University in California. (AP Photo/Alexander F. Yuan) This photo provided by Airbnb shows a still image from the company's Super Bowl 51 spot. Airbnb is following up its Super Bowl ad calling for acceptance with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need. An announcement on the rental service's website says it plans to start with refugees, disaster survivors and relief workers, but wants "to accommodate many more types of displaced people over time." (Airbnb via AP) FILE - In this April 19, 2016, file photo, Airbnb co-founder and CEO Brian Chesky speaks during an event in San Francisco. Airbnb is following up its Super Bowl ad on Feb. 5, 2017, calling for acceptance with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) Sen. Tom Udall, D-New Mexico, speaks to immigrant rights advocates at the New Mexico Statehouse in Santa Fe, N.M., Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Udall told advocates on Monday that President Donald Trump's travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries is "illegal and unconstitutional" and vowed to fight it with other Democratic senators. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) Sen. Tom Udall, D-N.M, right, speaks to an immigrant rights advocate at the statehouse in Santa Fe, N.M., Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Udall told advocates on Monday that President Donald Trump's travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries is "illegal and unconstitutional" and vowed to fight it with other Democratic senators. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) Isahaq Ahmed Rabi, left, smiles as he stands with his wife during a news conference shortly after Rabi's arrival Monday, Feb. 6, 2017, at Seattle Tacoma International Airport, in SeaTac, Wash. Rabi was blocked from entry to the U.S. last week due to President Donald Trump's immigration order. Rabi is a citizen of Somalia. His wife is a U.S. citizen. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson) Share or comment on this article e-mail 5 shares Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW She's all shuck up! Gigi Hadid flaunts her toned stomach as she sports cropped crystal embellished leather jacket for Jeremy Scott AW17 at NYFW EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  Saving all my love fur you: Glam Kylie Jenner wraps up warm in chunky coat and knee-high boots as she swaps NYFW for romantic dinner with Tyga  Blooming beautiful! Diane Kruger looks sartorially savvy in cold shoulder floral midi-dress as she steals the show at Jason Wu NYFW event 'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Google Mobile Computing Google Maps on Android redesigned with quick access to commuting information and more Design changes bring bring the most commonly used features to the forefront By Jose Vilches on Feb 6, 2017, 1:59 PM TechSpot Google is rolling out a new update to its Maps app for Android that will make it easier to access commute information as well as information on nearby places. The redesigned user interface nos includes a new information panel at the bottom of the home screen, which users can swipe up to reveal three tabs: one for nearby places, one for real-time commute information and one for public transportation. Google Maps Product Manager Marcus Lowe explained the new additions in a blog post. The places tab offers curated lists of places to eat and drink, with options like the "best diners," "cheap eats," or "business dining." From this tab, you can also search for ATMs, pharmacies, gas stations, and grocery stores. The second tab shows your estimated arrival time for a drive to your house or to work — assuming you have these addresses saved to your Google Maps account. You can then tap on your desired route for turn by turn navigation or just choose to receive real-time traffic information as you drive. Finally, the third and last tab is designed to provide you with public transit options and make suggestions based on where you are and what time it is. You’ll see when the next bus or train is arriving along with ETAs  for each individual ride that you can share with friends and family. These are not new entirely new features to Google Maps but rather a redesign meant to bring the most commonly used features to the forefront of the experience. The update comes about a week after the company introduced another feature aimed at helping you get around more easily a new feature called Parking Difficulty, which calculates the anticipated parking situation at your destination. Related Reads Google Maps for Android gets Wi-Fi-only mode, downloading offline maps to SD card Google Maps gets a Material Design makeover on Android and iOS Google Maps knows everything about where you've been 1 comment 44 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Google may soon remove millions of apps from the Play Store Google Pixel 2 rumors: better hardware, camera, budget model Google says Pixel audio issues are related to the hardware Popular 61 comments AMD Ryzen: Prices revealed, no Windows 7 support, smaller than Skylake 21 comments Programmer fights back against phone scammers using army of bots Load Comments 1 ... User Comments: 1 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 7 Microsoft has a good reason for dating its Windows drivers June 21, 2006 10 Gabe Newell says Valve is making three "full" VR games 55 Microsoft annoys Chrome users with taskbar pop-up ads in Windows 10 9 Cortana can now automatically remind you of commitments made in emails 21 PS4 Pro Boost Mode reportedly improves frame rates by up to 38 percent Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Movies & TV Science & Tech Big on the Internet Store Videos Comics Space Gaming Contributors About TMS Merch Search Menu Subscribe Login Black-ish's Take On LGBTQIA Discrimination Leads Conservative Pundit to Miss Point Entirely Chris Evans Now Actually Captain America, Fighting the KKK on Twitter Obama's White House Photographer Is Throwing Shade at Trump on Instagram Debra Messing Describes Her Worst Story of Hollywood Harassment Why Are People Canceling Netflix Accounts Over Dear White People? 'White Genocide' Save Yourselves: Facebook Launches Initiative to Combat Fake News Ahead of French Election by Jessica Lachenal | 4:10 pm, February 6th, 2017   As France heads into its own presidential election, Facebook and Google redouble their efforts to combat fake news. According to the Reuters report on the move, Facebook—alongside other internet giant Google—will be working with eight French media companies to fact check and verify news posts that have been reported by users. Basically, if someone feels that a story may be fake, they can report it to Facebook, whereupon they’ll have their partner news agencies verify the content. The report mentions a few of those companies by name, including, “news agency Agence France-Presse (AFP), news channel BFM TV, and newspapers L’Express and Le Monde.” This new feature is only being released in France for the time being, and in time, too. France will be heading into its own presidential election season very shortly, and given how much “fake news” dominated both the American and German elections, it’s become even more important to fight the spread of misinformation. Similar tools were put in place in both the U.S. and Germany following their respective elections. Google’s role in the “war on fake news” involves a new initiative called “CrossCheck,” which is a website dedicated to fielding submissions from readers who want to verify whether the content in any given story is accurate. It works much in the same way: users submit stories, and they’re verified by a set of media partners who fact check it. With the growing consciousness towards critical thinking (seriously an underutilized skill), it’s possible that the French deployment of these tools may prove to be effective. That being said, it really is up to users to report news articles. It’s up to them to begin the process, as Facebook and Google don’t seem to currently have an effective way of stopping fake news without user input and feedback. These tool may very well be “too little too late” for the U.S. and Germany, but here’s hoping it can help France avoid the same pitfalls that befell us. (via The Verge, image via Flickr/C_osett) Want more stories like this? Become a subscriber and support the site! —The Mary Sue has a strict comment policy that forbids, but is not limited to, personal insults toward anyone, hate speech, and trolling.— Follow The Mary Sue on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest, & Google+. Follow The Mary Sue Follow @TheMarySue Like us on Facebook filed under Facebook, fake news, France, politics What's Popular Obama’s White House Photographer Is Throwing a Ton of Not-So-Subtle Shade at Trump on Instagram Chris Evans Now Actually Captain America, Fighting the KKK on Twitter Why Are People Canceling Netflix Accounts Over Dear White People? You Guessed It: “White Genocide” Scarlett Johansson Wanted to Be the Ghost in the Shell “Female Protagonist” Because It’s “A Rare Opportunity.” Yeah… An Opportunity for Someone Else The Critics Are Already Talking About Fifty Shades Darker and It Does Not Look Good Tips Have a tip or story idea? Email us. Or to keep it anonymous, click here. « Previous Post Next Post » © 2017 The Mary Sue, LLC | About Us | Advertise | Subscription FAQ | Privacy | User Agreement | Disclaimer | Contact |  RSS Dan Abrams, Founder Mediaite The Mary Sue RunwayRiot LawNewz Gossip Cop
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Google’s Super Bowl ad made Google Home systems go crazy Apparently, the home systems heard the TV broadcasts calling its name, and it became befuddled. When Google Home heard its name in Sunday's Super Bowl ads, it apprently went haywire.  (The New York Times)   By Chris WoodyardUSA Today Mon., Feb. 6, 2017 Google used the Super Bowl to plug its Google Home connectivity service, but the TV commercial apparently confused the systems in homes of those who already have it. For them, Google Home went whacko. Those who already have Google Home took to Twitter to complain that it interfered with their units. Apparently, the home systems heard the TV broadcasts calling its name, and it became befuddled. “The Google commercial had my Google Home going haywire,” complained a Twitter user with the handle CheezusPrice. Another user, Scott Foster, wrote, “Our Google Home just went a little bonkers with the Google Home commercial.” Article Continued Below Google Home is the search engine’s answer to Amazon’s Echo system, in which users get it to respond by asking questions or giving orders starting with the name “Alexa.” Both are home systems that are dormant until a user calls out their name. Then they perform any number of functions — from playing a musical selection to turning on or off the lights. Google is a unit of Alphabet. It had no immediate response to the reports. Read more about: Google, Twitter Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 0°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs 10 short reasons to take a longer look at the Oscars: Howell The 10 short narrative films nominated for Oscars at the Feb. 26 Academy Awards are a delightfully stealthy alternative to the Best Picture contenders. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Donald Trump Mosque Attack Canada 150 Panama Papers Peacekeeping Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
New Atlas Lifestyle Science Technology Transport Search Subscribe Mobile Technology The best Google Pixel alternatives Will ShanklinFebruary 7th, 2017 5 pictures New Atlas breaks down the best alternatives to the Google Pixel(Credit: Emily Ferron/New Atlas)View gallery - 5 images While it isn't quite the endangered species that its big brother has proven to be, at the time of publication the Google Pixel is still a hard-to-find phone. Considering bailing for something that can give you instant gratification? Here are our top alternatives. iPhone 7 If you were interested in the Google Pixel primarily because of Android, then obviously this is no help. But if it was the tight user experience and integration between hardware and software that drew you to Google's flagship, then you can't do better than the Pixel's muse. While you lose Google Assistant, a headphone jack and Daydream VR support, the iPhone 7 adds water resistance, a comparable camera and a solid Assistant replacement in Siri. The two phones also ring up for the same starting price of US$649. iPhone 7 review OnePlus 3T While it's closer in size to the Pixel XL, the OnePlus 3T gives you a similar stock Android Nougat experience (with the notable omission of Google Assistant), as well as zippy performance for more than $200 cheaper. Unlike most other phones in this price range, the OnePlus 3T has a premium, aluminum-unibody build. OnePlus 3T review Samsung Galaxy S7 Release cycle is the only factor holding the Galaxy S7 back from being one of our top recommendations: We'll likely see a revamped Galaxy S8 within the next month or two. Last year's S7 is still a decent choice, with a terrific display that's a smidge bigger than the Pixel's, along with a camera that's still among the best. While the Galaxy S7 performed smoothly at launch, we find its year-old processor doesn't hold up as well against the Pixel and OnePlus 3T: It's going to feel a bit laggy by comparison. Only buy the S7 right now if you snag a good deal (even if that means a lightly-used or refurbished model). Otherwise brace yourself for regret when Samsung pulls back the curtain on the S8. Galaxy S7 review HTC 10 Another aging product, the HTC 10 still makes for a solid Pixel alternative. HTC doesn't use stock Android, but it is one of the tamer custom manufacturer UIs you'll find. It also delivers a good camera, a slightly bigger (and ultra-sharp) display and fairly-snappy performance. The HTC 10 adds the bonus of Hi-Fi audio: If you use wired headphones, the 10 will pour out some of the best audio you can get from a smartphone. (Only LG beats it in this department.) HTC 10 review For more on the best current flagships, you can check out our latest Smartphone Comparison Guide.View gallery - 5 images The best Google Pixel alternatives 1 / 5 Tags #Smartphones #Product alternatives #Google Pixel Share this article Show 1 comment   Over 255,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Your Email Top stories Harley-Davidson’s Road King Special gets the bagger treatment Three new uranium-rich minerals unearthed in Utah LG Watch Sport vs. Samsung Gear S3 Walking robot takes first steps into the market Recommended for you Latest in Mobile Technology Moto Z Mod finalists turn phone into a sterilizer or walkie-talkie Cycle-tracking app officially approved as contraceptive in Europe Big Flipboard update adds greater magazine personalization Updated Moment lens cases could make iPhone 7's camera even better Twitter changes target abuse and harassment The best Google Pixel alternatives The best iPhone 7 Plus alternatives The Yoga A12 is Lenovo's latest 2-in-1 adventure HTC U Ultra vs. Moto Z The best iPad Air 2 alternatives How (and why) to use Google Photos on your iPhone or iPad HTC U Ultra vs. HTC 10 Latest phone comparisons HTC U Ultra vs. Moto Z HTC U Ultra vs. HTC 10 HTC U Ultra vs. LG V20 HTC U Ultra vs. OnePlus 3T HTC U Ultra vs. iPhone 7 Plus HTC U Ultra vs. Google Pixel XL HTC U Ultra vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Google Pixel XL vs. LG V20 OnePlus 3T vs. iPhone 7 Plus OnePlus 3T vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge OnePlus 3T vs. Google Pixel XL OnePlus 3T vs. OnePlus 3 Editors Choice How do you solve fake news problem in the post-truth era? Compare the latest tech gear 475-hp Dodge Durango SRT is a muscle car in SUV clothing The five best tiny houses under $50,000 Paddle farther with inflatable-paddleboard tent and dual-blade paddle The last Concorde makes its final journey Getting out of Auto: Understanding Shutter Speed The Volkswagen Bug becomes an unlikely auction hero Jetpack pioneer David Mayman's new electric VTOL flying car project The best tech toys from the London Toy Fair The fastest cars in history: 1894 to 1914 Perfection in the making: Bugatti lifts curtain on Chiron production line Over 255,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address Top Home About Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Advertise Copyright © Gizmag Pty Ltd 2017 Twitter Facebook RSS Flipboard Gizmag is now New Atlas
Share toggle menu Deals Jobs Follow Us Android App Review Service Shop Deals Join Our Team Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Android News Android News Android Device List Page Android Manufacturer News Android Smartwatch News Android Auto News Android TV News VR News Google ChromeBook News Google Glass News Google ChromeCast News Android News Canada Android India News Android Chinese News Android Phone News Android Phone News Android Phone Reviews Android Phone Comparisons Best Android Phones Rankings Android Phone Accessory Reviews Android Tablet News Android Tablet News Best Android Tablets Rankings Android Tablet Comparisons Android Tablet Reviews Android App News Android App News Android App & Game Reviews Android Games Top 10 Best Android Apps & Games Lists Android Developer News Tech News Special Features Special Features Android Smartphone and Tablet Deals Google IO News Android Gift Guide MWC Android News CES 2017 Android and Tech News Android How To Guides Android Awards Android Newsletter Site Authors Join Our Team Advertise Android App Review Service News Tips Contact Social Media Followers 1.5M 416K 366K 53K 15K 20K 65K 46K Recent News Researchers Release An App To Help With App Permissions Pulse SMS Has Full Access To Messages On Android Wear 2.0 Alcatel Idol 5S Benchmarked: 3GB RAM, Helio P20 & Android 7.0 Microsoft Debuts An Android Version Of The Project Rome SDK Recent Reviews Meizu M5 Note Review Review: OUKITEL C5 Pro Android Smartphone Review: Honor 6X Android Smartphone Review: OUKITEL U20 Plus Android Smartphone Android Deals Deal: UE BOOM 2 Portable Bluetooth Speaker for $107 – 2/10/17 Pick Up the Huawei Mate 9 for just $588 – 2/10/17 Electronic Deals – Feb. 10th, 2017 – Bluedio, Fossil, Samsung Last Chance: The Google Hardware Giveaway – 2/10/17 Special Features Weekly Poll: Are You Buying The LG Watch Style Or LG Watch Sport? Make The Most Of Valentine’s Day With Android For Singles Will Chrome’s WebVR Support Be The Future Of Mobile VR? How To Make The Most Of Valentine’s Day With Android For Couples Google Posts Images For February’s Android Security Patch February 6, 2017 - Written By Justin Diaz Google has posted the images for February’s Android Security patch in both the Factory Image format and in the OTA Image format, so no matter how you prefer to flash the latest Android software you can download and manually install it at your leisure. If you’re one who prefers the easiest method of installation, then you’ll likely want to wait for Google to push the software to your device over-the-air, although you will be waiting a little bit longer for the software to hit your device as Google generally posts the Factory and OTA images before they start sending out the software updates for supported devices. That being said, Google is likely to start pushing the security patch for supported devices starting today or at the very least sometime this week. At the moment Google hasn’t posted the February Security Patch Security Bulletin, so it isn’t clear exactly what the fixes are in this latest security update. Although the security bulletin hasn’t gone live Google is most likely to post this later on in the afternoon. In regards to what devices have the latest patch, Google has posted Factory Images and OTA Images for the Pixel and the Pixel XL, the Nexus 6P, the Nexus 5X, the Nexus 6, the Pixel C tablet, the Nexus 9, and finally the Nexus Player for those who are still using it and want the latest security software. While the latest security patch is live for both image types, one thing worth noting is that some of the devices have two builds for February for the Factory image. The Nexus 6P for example will have one build that is meant for all devices regardless of the carrier, while it also has one build that is meant just for Verizon users. The Pixel and the Pixel XL are the same as they have one build that is meant only for Rogers users of either device, while the Nexus 6 has a build that is meant specifically for AT&T users. These are labeled accordingly, so just make sure you grab the correct Factory Image for your device. If you’re unsure how to flash the Factory Images or OTA Images, Google has a nice description of how to complete the process on the same page you download the image files. Factory Images OTA Images Post navigation Rumor: LG G6 On Sale April 7 In The US, March 9 In South Korea Verizon Giving Out Daydream View Headsets for Delayed Pixels February 6, 2017 | Android News Source: Droid Life Show Comments Hide Comments () Latest News Possible Verizon Model Of The LG Stylo 3 Hits The FCC Phone Comparisons: Moto Z Play vs Honor 6X Best Android Apps – Valentine’s Day 2017 Researchers Release An App To Help With App Permissions Pulse SMS Has Full Access To Messages On Android Wear 2.0 Google Officially Announces The Launch Of Android Wear 2.0 Alcatel Idol 5S Benchmarked: 3GB RAM, Helio P20 & Android 7.0 Microsoft Debuts An Android Version Of The Project Rome SDK A Leaked Logo Image Seems To Confirm The Galaxy S8 Plus Name Weekly Poll: Are You Buying The LG Watch Style Or LG Watch Sport? Nokia Wants To Make IoT Networks Global With WING Preview: Samsung Galaxy S8 – Bigger Screens, Bixby & More Ulefone Gemini’s Super Saver Mode Offers Improved Battery Life Some Apps In The Play Store Display Original & Sale Costs Make The Most Of Valentine’s Day With Android For Singles Will Chrome’s WebVR Support Be The Future Of Mobile VR? How To Make The Most Of Valentine’s Day With Android For Couples Preview: LG G6 Rumor Roundup – Modularity, Heat Pipes, & A Big Screen Ford Just Bought Argo AI for their Autonomous Car Plans S Voice Could Be The Backbone For Samsung’s Bixby Assistant Instant Tethering Rolling Out To Nexus & Pixel Devices Load More Posts Follow Share
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Google reaches deal with startup rival over alleged pilfering of data for Waze By Ethan Baron / February 6, 2017 at 12:08 PM Google has reached a deal with a rival in roadway navigation, after being sued for allegedly helping itself to the startup’s copyrighted data. Yoseph Seyoum, CEO of PhantomALERT, claimed he became aware of the pilfered data when he opened up the Waze navigation app and spotted an icon showing a police camera along a northern Virginia interstate highway. But, said the lawsuit PhantomALERT filed against Google and its company Waze, Virginia didn’t have such cameras. Instead, a camera icon had been placed in that location on PhantomALERT’s app as part of a test, leading Seyoum to suspect Waze was grabbing data belonging to PhantomALERT. That company’s app shows locations of “points of interest” such as speed traps and drunk-driving checkpoints. “Mr. Seyoum concluded that data from PhantomALERT’s database had been copied before that Point of Interest had been deleted, and had thereafter been uploaded into the Waze database,” said the lawsuit, filed in April in Northern California U.S. District Court. Google declined to comment. There are no indications in court filings that the deal included payment to PhantomALERT. Oddly, the lawsuit said Seyoum noticed the police camera icon while using Waze “after reading press releases about Google’s acquisition of Waze, on May 17, 2013.”  However, Google didn’t buy Waze until June 11, 2013, and no press releases about the sale appear to have been issued in May. Even two days before the sale, the Wall Street Journal was reporting it as impending, for more than $1 billion, but basing the information on an anonymous source. In any case, PhantomALERT took a close look at Waze, and found that Waze highlighted points of interest in the map locations that PhantomALERT had put notices of the points of interest — and not at the actual points of interest themselves, according to the lawsuit. “PhantomALERT identified numerous instances where a Waze Point of Interest, which did not bear a close geographic relationship to the corresponding Driving Condition, was located at the same location as the PhantomALERT Point of Interest,” the suit said. Google had argued in court that “the facts included in a map or directory or other factual compilation are not copyrightable, and anyone is free to copy them, singly or en masse, without running afoul of the Copyright Act. “And that is all Waze is even conclusorily alleged to have done,” the Mountain View tech giant said in a filing last February. Still, the firms reached a deal, first reported by subscription-based legal news site Law 360. Court documents do not reveal the amount or terms of the agreement. The companies agreed to pay their own legal fees, according to a Feb. 3 court filing. PhantomALERT did not immediately respond to a request for details about the deal.   Photo: A man walks past a building on the Google campus in Mountain View (Jeff Chiu/AP) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: Google, lawsuit, navigation, PhantomALERT, startup, sued, Waze   More Posts in Big Tech Oracle appeals against Google in epic $9 billion Android legal fight February 10, 2017   Google software engineer creates Trump-tweet stock bot to help investors and raise money for Planned Parenthood, ACLU, environment February 10, 2017   Yahoo hit with data-breach class-action lawsuit claiming credit-card details stolen February 8, 2017       Share this Post Tweet       Tom Coppers Is it safe to turn your back on Google Waze? They settled out of court for taking the work of another company. And they ask to be respected?     About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV       Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Apple said to have met Chinese officials over iPhone 6S… Union denies ties to unhappy Tesla worker Yahoo hit with data-breach class-action lawsuit claiming… Oracle appeals against Google in epic $9 billion Android… Google software engineer creates Trump-tweet stock bot to…     Archives Archives Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2017 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow Facebook and Google join forces to wage war against fake news 1.6k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Image: Bob Al-Greene/Mashable By Damon Beres2017-02-06 21:22:47 UTC "Fake news" is the crisis du jour for online media in 2017, and now, two tech giants are working together to stop it from wrecking a pivotal election. ...Well, another pivotal election. SEE ALSO: Facebook is tweaking the News Feed to crack down on 'alternative facts' Facebook and Google, along with newsrooms in France (including France 24, the partner for Mashable's French-language edition), are joining forces on a new project that will help verify or debunk viral information online. It's called CrossCheck, and it'll focus on the 2017 French presidential election. The initiative, billed as "a collaborative journalism project," was originally conceived by First Draft, a nonprofit focused on verifying information in the digital age, and Google News Lab. The French election fits nicely as a sort of "round two" for Google and Facebook, which failed to stem the rise of misinformation supporting Donald Trump before his election last November. France is at an inflection point, with an incredibly unpopular sitting president and an ascendant candidate, Marine Le Pen, who could overthrow the incumbent with her far-right, France-first platform. CrossCheck has its work cut out for it. And speaking of "fake news," Le Pen has already benefited from an organized effort to discredit her opponents with fabricated online profiles, BuzzFeed reported last month. Pepe the frog, a stoner comic book character that became an unlikely icon for white nationalism in the U.S. last year, has leaped over the Atlantic to support her, as well. So CrossCheck has its work cut out for it. But details about how the project will work are a bit sketchy. It sounds as though Google and Facebook will provide access to tools like CrowdTangle and Google Trends to help experts track how topics are being discussed on social media.  According to a report in Le Monde, Facebook will also roll out a French version of a news-reporting tool that allows users to flag bogus content on the social network. Third-party fact-checkers will assess the content and a warning will be added to "disputed" links. Disputed content may also be ranked lower in a user's News Feed, per a Facebook update from the end of last month. Facebook's news-reporting tool in action. Image: Facebook "It is this element that decided it for us," said Jérôme Fenoglio, director of Le Monde, as translated from French by Mashable. "For the first time, it would be possible to act [using] an algorithm when content poses an editorial problem." "Fake news" is the bleating scapegoat that's come to define this era of American politics. Originally intended as a label for fabricated stories written with maximum virality in mind—often in support of President Trump—the term's been co-opted by some authority figures to confuse the public into thinking that actual facts are falsehoods.  President Trump has tweeted about "fake news"—often, in screaming capital letters— at least 16 times since December. But unlike the material CrossCheck's concerned with, his "fake news" is typically-factual material that makes him look bad, and that he's got a vested interest in turning the public against. For example, President Trump tweeted early Monday morning that "any negative polls are fake news," which really requires no unpacking. It's been retweeted over 22,000 times. Still, cutting down on how misinformation spreads on Facebook is a worthy pursuit. A recent survey from the Pew Research Center indicated that social media does indeed have the power to change what people believe—an idea that shouldn't be ignored as yet another Western power prepares to decide its future. BONUS: In stunning exchange, Trump refuses to answer question from CNN reporter Topics: Facebook, fake news, Google, Social Media, Tech About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Menu Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Subscribe Sign In Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Uber hires veteran NASA engineer to develop flying cars Mon Feb 6th, 2017 1:21pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. By Brad Stone Bloomberg In 2010, an advanced aircraft engineer at NASA’s Langley Research Center named Mark Moore published a white paper outlining the feasibility of electric aircrafts that could take off and land like helicopters but were smaller and quieter. The vehicles would be capable of providing a speedy alternative to the dreary morning commute. Moore’s research into so-called VTOL-short for vertical takeoff and landing, or more colloquially, flying cars-inspired at least one billionaire technologist. After reading the white paper, Google co-founder Larry Page secretly started and financed two Silicon Valley startups, Zee Aero and Kitty Hawk, to develop the technology, Bloomberg Businessweek reported last summer. Now Moore is leaving the confines of the U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration, where he has spent the last 30 years, to join one of Google’s rivals: Uber Technologies. Moore is taking on a new role as director of engineering for aviation at the ride-hailing company, working on a flying car initiative known as Uber Elevate. “I can’t think of another company in a stronger position to be the leader for this new ecosystem and make the urban electric VTOL market real,” he says. Uber isn’t constructing a flying car yet. In its own white paper published last October, the company laid out a radical vision for airborne commutes and identified technical challenges it said it wanted to help the nascent industry solve, like noise pollution, vehicle efficiency and limited battery life. Moore consulted on the paper and was impressed by the company’s vision and potential impact. Moore acknowledged that many obstacles stand in the way, and they’re not only technical. He says each flying car company would need to independently negotiate with suppliers to get prices down, and lobby regulators to certify aircrafts and relax air-traffic restrictions. But he says Uber, with its 55 million active riders, can uniquely demonstrate that there could be a massive, profitable and safe market. “If you don’t have a business case that makes economic sense, than all of this is just a wild tech game and not really a wise investment,” Moore says. Uber’s vision is a seductive one, particularly for sci-fi fans. The company envisions people taking conventional Ubers from their homes to nearby “vertiports” that dot residential neighborhoods. Then they would zoom up into the air and across town to the vertiport closest to their offices. (“We don’t need stinking bridges!” says Moore.) These air taxis will only need ranges of between 50 to 100 miles, and Moore thinks that they can be at least partially recharged while passengers are boarding or exiting the aircraft. He also predicts we’ll see several well-engineered flying cars in the next one to three years and that there will be human pilots, at least managing the onboard computers, for the foreseeable future. His move to Uber is a risky one. Moore says he’s leaving NASA one year before he’s eligible for retirement and walking away from a significant percentage of his pension and free health care for life “to be in the right place at the right time to make this market real.” (Though it’s probably safe to say that Uber, with some $11 billion on its balance sheet, is making it worth his while.) Moore seems to be disillusioned with NASA, saying the agency is leaving promising new aviation markets to the private industry. “It’s the federal government who is best positioned to overcome extremely high levels of risks,” he says. While NASA is larded with layers of bureaucracy and management, Uber Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick has been closely involved in hatching his company’s flying car plans, Moore says. That is, when he’s not distracted with his own political crises, such as his role on President Donald Trump’s advisory council, which he relinquished last week after criticism from customers, drivers and employees. Kalanick’s bet on Uber Elevate is another indication that while Silicon Valley seems on the surface to be consumed with politics and protests these days, the march into the future continues apace. Most Read Police: Attack by woman near Arlington was fueled by meth ARLINGTON — An Arlington woman is under investigation for assault and unlawful… Feb 10th, 2017 by Scott North Olivia Newton-John show to promote new album in Everett Olivia Newton-John — the movie star (“Grease”) and singer (“I Honestly Love… Feb 10th, 2017 by Gale Fiege Monroe man allegedly schemed to have wife, daughter murdered MONROE — A Monroe man is accused of trying to hire a… Feb 9th, 2017 by Rikki King Fugitive watch Herald staff EVERETT — The state Department of Corrections’ Everett office has… Feb 10th, 2017 by Herald Staff Julie Muhlstein Everett dog owners hope for the best at Westminster show Meet Zoom. He’s a Finnish spitz with a fox-like look, a persistent… Feb 10th, 2017 by Julie Muhlstein © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español RingPlus is dead: Now what? If you're a customer of this Sprint MVNO, you've got just three days to relocate your number. Here are your options. Mobile by Rick Broida February 8, 2017 7:00 AM PST @cheapskateblog Sprint is forcing RingPlus to hang up on subscribers. RingPlus Late last Friday, mobile carrier (and Sprint MVNO) RingPlus sent a notice to subscribers indicating service would be shut off on Feb. 11 at 3 p.m. PT. If you're one of those subscribers, you're probably scrambling to figure out what to do next. RingPlus promises that all customers will have the option of migrating directly to former rival Ting during the next 1-2 weeks. "Each member will start with a $35 credit, regardless of whether they have any RingPlus Top Up balance! Those members who have a RingPlus Top Up balance higher than $35 will get the first $35 applied in full. Afterwards, the remaining Top Up balance (over $35) will be disbursed in $5 credit increments each month until the Top Up is exhausted," the company said. You can find out more at the newly created ringtoting.com. Whatever you decide, it's time to start shopping for a new carrier. If you don't make a change before service terminates on Saturday, you'll lose your phone number. Fortunately, it's a simple matter to port that number elsewhere, though the process can sometimes take a day or two -- all the more reason to make your move now. How to know where to go When you moved to RingPlus, you most likely brought an unlocked, Sprint-compatible phone. (It's also possible you brought an iPhone 6 from AT&T, T-Mobile or Verizon, or a Nexus 5/6 -- all models that can operate on CDMA networks.) That means you need to take your phone to a compatible carrier. If it's a Sprint model, look for other Sprint MVNOs (or even Sprint itself). If it's one of the aforementioned iPhones or Nexuses, you have a lot more options, because they can run on GSM networks as well. For purposes of this post, I'll be looking primarily at Sprint-based alternatives, as I suspect the bulk of RingPlus users will need one. But there's a harsh reality to face, here: With one possible exception, you're not going to find totally free service. Here are some options: CellNuvo CellNuvo Take a dash of RingPlus and a pinch of Freedompop (see below) and you get CellNuvo, the only other service to offer a totally free plan -- though with a few limitations, of course. For starters, although the company's home page indicates support for both Android phones and iPhones, a company rep told me the latter aren't currently supported. Sure enough, when I checked the IMEI number for an iPhone that's currently on RingPlus, CellNuvo's system wouldn't accept it. The Sprint-powered service, which launched in 2015, offers two plans: Infinite and Flex, priced at $0 and $19 per month, respectively. Both are based on credits: Infinite gives you 2,500 each month; Flex, 5,000. A text message uses one credit. A minute of calling uses 10 credits, as does each megabyte of 4G LTE data. So, brass tacks: If you're just looking at the data side of it, the free plan gives you 250MB per month -- not much, obviously. But there are ways to earn additional credits, and customers coming from RingPlus can apply coupon code RPFree at checkout to get bonus starter credits and free activation (normally $29). Google Voice Google's free phone service, which recently received some much-needed updates, might be the perfect place to "park" your number -- though keep in mind you'll still need to find a carrier for data, messaging and traditional cell service. If you already have a Google Voice number, you can replace it with your RingPlus mobile number. If you don't, just set up a new Google Voice account (or even a brand new Google account, solely for this purpose) and port your RingPlus number as part of the process. Screenshot by Rick Broida/CNET Either way, it'll cost you $20. But that's a one-time cost; there are no additional charges to use GV unless you're making calls outside the US or Canada. What's nice about Google Voice is that it can automatically forward incoming calls to just about any other number. When you switch to another carrier, you don't necessarily have to port your number out of GV; you can leave it there and just have calls forwarded to whatever new number is assigned by your new carrier. Speaking of which, that new number can now serve as a second number on your mobile phone. Perk! Freedompop If you're looking for a totally free replacement for RingPlus (which, depending on the plan you had, might have been totally free for you), the only real option is Freedompop -- but for a few reasons it's not a good one. It, too, is a Sprint-based MVNO, one that's been around a lot longer than RingPlus and has obviously figured out how to make the free-service model work. However, its basic plan limits you to 500 voice minutes, 200 text messages and 500MB of data per month -- far short of most of the free plans offered by RingPlus. Also, although Freedompop charges only $9.99 to port a number, it won't accept numbers from RingPlus or Google Voice. So you'll have no choice but to start with a new one. Finally, as the Cheapskate, I get more complaints about Freedompop than just about any other company. Readers tend to be unhappy with both customer service and the service itself (specifically coverage and call quality). So although I wanted to make you aware of the option, I would suggest looking elsewhere. Republic Wireless Republic Wireless At one time the low-cost carrier, Republic Wireless was the first to really leverage the idea of money-saving Wi-Fi calling. Alas, Republic's rates no longer seem quite as amazing, and the service is currently compatible with only 16 phones (all of them Android models -- sorry, iPhone users), but it's still worth a look as you weigh your migration options. Especially considering that Republic just offered RingPlus users a $50 credit for switching, which could cover your first couple months of service, depending on the plan you choose. Just take note that you'll need to order a SIM card ($5) for your phone, assuming it's compatible. What's more, Republic still relies on Wi-Fi for calling, switching to cell towers only when a hotspot isn't available. That might prove a huge plus if you live in a coverage-challenged area (few or no bars inside your house, for example, but in my experience, Wi-Fi call quality is hit and miss. Ting Ting Another mobile disruptor, this one famed for its excellent customer service, Ting is already welcoming RingPlus refugees with open arms. There's no charge to port your number, though Ting does note that the process could take a couple days. Ting is best known for its usage-based rates, which effectively customize your service plan based on your monthly consumption of voice minutes, text messages and data. This may work in your favor, but it may not: A user who consumes 500 minutes, 1,000 texts and just 2GB of data will pay $40 per month. There are definitely cheaper options out there. TextNow TextNow TextNow is another Sprint MVNO, with plans starting at $13.99 per month. The company doesn't charge a fee to port your number, and numbers from RingPlus can be ported. A TextNow representative informed me that "TextNow will be porting numbers within 1-3 business days to ensure [RingPlus customers] don't lose their numbers." However, TextNow "strongly recommends" purchasing one of its own phones instead of bringing your own, largely because of its reliance on voice-over-IP calls. The company's own handsets have been specially configured to better take advantage of that technology. Tello Tello Based on my perusal of a Reddit thread devoted to the RingPlus/Sprint lawsuit, many customers are moving to Tello -- a Ting-like provider that lets you craft your own service plan. The company's support page has already been updated to help RingPlus users make the move. There's no fee for porting your number and no activation charge. Tello is another newcomer, though, not even a year old yet. Consequently, it's natural to feel a little gun-shy, especially given that its rates are merely competitive. For example, unlimited minutes and messages and 3GB of data will cost you $43 monthly for the first three months, then $49 after that. Contrast that with Sprint proper, which offers unlimited everything for $50 per month. Tello has also extended a special offer to RingPlus customers: 50 percent off your first order when you apply coupon code RINGPLUS50 at checkout. Other options As I noted earlier, the type of phone you have will dictate where you can take it for service. If it's tied to Sprint, check out this list of MVNOs, making sure to focus on those that support CDMA technology. Just be prepared for sticker shock, because there are few carriers that come anywhere near to matching what RingPlus offered. As an aside, if you hitched your phone wagon to RingPlus on my recommendation, I do apologize for this turn of events. It's the old adage writ large: If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is. I'm especially saddened for those who paid a hefty "Member+" membership fee, though I suspect that if you amortize it out over the months you got free service, you still ended up with a good deal. Small comfort, I know. If you've found or know of a good substitute for RingPlus, please do share it in the comments. Update, February 8: Added statements from RingPlus and various other companies. Share your voice 0 comments Tags The Cheapskate Mobile Google Voice FreedomPop Google Sprint CNET Review Apple iPhone 6 It's got a big screen. It's thin and pocketable. And Apple Pay, available at an increasing number of retail locations, works well. Welcome to CNET's full updated review of the Apple iPhone 6. $199.00 See it More stories How to beat Fire Emblem Heroes in one week flat Spotify promotes Katy Perry like crazy. Will it entice other artists? Fire Emblem Heroes: What to know about Nintendo's newest game iPhone 8's iris scanner, wireless charging rumors pick up steam Close   Discuss: RingPlus is dead: Now what? Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Here's why tech has taken over our relationships Sneak peek at the bezel-less LG G6 LG releases the first two watches with Android Wear 2.0, LG's G6 looks to have little or no bezel, and YouTube brings live-streaming to mobile. by Brian Tong 3:33 E3 goes public and HBO Now hits 2M subs The day's biggest tech stories include E3 opening to the public, Twitch introducing "Communities" and HBO Now hits an impressive subscription milestone. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Web / Internet Life > Google News FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! Google Teams Up with H&M to Create a Custom Dress Based on Your Data GO The app takes a week to learn your habits before coming up with a special algorithm and a dress that's just for you Feb 6, 2017 21:18 GMT  ·  By Gabriela Vatu  ·  Share:  The future of fashion and tech is here, and it will all be wrapped up in a special app developed by Google and H&M’s Ivyrevel label. In what’s perhaps the coolest and creepiest announcement this Monday, Google announced that it was working on a Coded Couture app that will use those sensors in your phone in order to design a great dress just for you. So how does this Coded Couture thing work? Well, the Awareness API on your Android phone gets data from a combination of context signals, such as location, physical activity, weather and nearby beacons. Developers take all this information, mix it up and come up with ways to better understand what users do and how they act. “We have already seen some great implementations of the API in obvious scenarios, such as shopping for a new home in the neighborhood or recommending a music playlist while starting a job,” reads the post signed by Jeremy Brook, Group Creative Business Partner. One custom dress coming up Then, for the New York Fashion Week, other creative integrations of the Awareness API were explored, in collaboration with H&M Group’s digital fashion house Ivyrevel to create a personalized dress designed on a user’s context signals. That basically means the app will get info about where you usually go out by tracking your location, will know what the weather is like where you live, and so on. After a week, an algorithm is created and conceives a digitally tailored dress that you can purchase. The Android app is currently entering a closed alpha stage, being tested by a few people. People can sign up for future trial series of the app before the public release, and you can do this too if you want. This is both really cool and really creepy at the same time, but then again, that’s what happens when the Awareness API is in play. #Google#H&M#Ivyrevel#Coded Couture subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Facebook, Google Join French Effort Against Fake News Ahead of Elections Here Are the Super Bowl LI Ads That Subtly Bashed Trump Google, Facebook, Apple, Microsoft, and Others Take On Trump's Travel Ban Google Has to Hand Over Emails Stored on Foreign Data Centers, Unlike Microsoft Apple iPhone 8 Will Reportedly Feature An Iris Scanner Let’s Chat: Windows vs. Linux Windows Close to Defeating Linux: Munich Could Give Up on LiMux Samsung Galaxy S8’s Bixby To Be Based on S Voice, Not Viv Labs’ AI Tech Larger Samsung Galaxy S8 to be Dubbed S8+, Leaked Logo Reveals Mystery Solved: Why Windows Generic Drivers Are Dated June 21, 2006 LG G6 Confirmed to Feature Snapdragon 821 Chipset Microsoft Brings Windows 10 Mobile’s File Explorer on Xbox One    Would you like a dress like this? Related Apps ProgDVB Professional: Watch TV channels from around the world, listen to radio station from the comfort of your computer, and record your favorite shows to watch them later Moto Scanner: A simple to use and efficient piece of software that allows you to keep a close eye on auto markets and supplies you with sale offers No Hands Proxies: With this simple and user-friendly application, you can automatically find countless working proxies and use them when browsing the web Atomic Email Studio: Complete online marketing tool that lets you send e-mails, verify and edit mailing lists, gather contacts from the Internet and local sources, and more Norconex HTTP Collector: A powerful web crawler that can also extract and manipulate documents in order to retrieve the required information on the Internet Toggl Firefox Extension: Track how much time you spend on various projects directly from your browser by turning to this lightweight Mozilla Firefox extension ProgDVB: Enables you to watch a long list of TV channels from around the world, add them to Favorites, adjust feed appearance, and comes with support for multiple devices Reader comments Google, Facebook, Apple, Microsoft, and Others Take On Trump's Travel Ban more on: Trump Travel Ban i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet NZ ‘unites’ for a better internet on Safer Internet Day 9:09 February 7, 2017PressRelease 0 comments Press Release – Netsafe Safer Internet Day 2017 kicks off with new online safety resources for Kiwis from some of the biggest players in the industry including Netsafe, Google, Trade Me and Twitter.MEDIA RELEASE EMBARGOED UNTIL 12:01AM TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 2017 NZ ‘unites’ for a better internet on Safer Internet Day Safer Internet Day 2017 kicks off with new online safety resources for Kiwis from some of the biggest players in the industry including Netsafe, Google, Trade Me and Twitter. “Technology is constantly shaping the way we live”, says Martin Cocker, Netsafe CEO. “It’s changing the way we communicate, the way we learn and even how we organise our lives. We no longer go online – we just are online. This is especially true for young people who have been surrounded by technology since the moment they were born.” With research showing that 80% of New Zealanders own a smartphone or tablet and 88% of us using social media every month, it’s more important than ever before for people to understand about online safety. It’s timely as today is Safer Internet Day, an annual day celebrated internationally in more than 100 countries, to promote the safe and positive use of technology among children and young people. This year’s theme ‘Be the change: Unite for a better internet’ has provided the perfect opportunity for individuals, schools, industry and organisations to come together to raise awareness and start conversations about online safety. Netsafe, New Zealand’s online safety organisation, has coordinated the New Zealand Safer Internet Day activities which has resulted in online webinars, infographics and events. Netsafe has also teamed up with industry partners including Google, YouTube, Twitter and Trade Me to create a handy guide full of tips and advice for being online that’s useful to anyone regardless of their age. It covers everything from social media to online shopping to searching and devices. “It’s great so many people are uniting to help young people develop the skills they need to have a safe online experience,” says Martin. “By working together and creating useful resources we can really make a difference to how people relate to each other online and help create a better internet.” To view Safer Internet Day infographics, social media images and the Staying Safe Online Guide visitnetsafe.org.nz/staying-safe-online About Netsafe Netsafe is an independent not for profit focused on online safety. We’re committed to helping everyone take advantage of digital opportunities and resolve online safety challenges. You can call 0508 NETSAFE for free confidential advice seven days a week, follow our latest advice on social media or visit netsafe.org.nz for handy tips and information. Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url Trackback-URL  Print This Post comments feed for this post Tweet   No comments yet. Write a comment: You must be logged in to post a comment.   Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Skipton launches upgraded expat mortgage calculator Significant step towards new cycling and walking track Leadership changes at Clemenger BBDO and Proximity NZ lamb wool weakens further at auction MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares down, Chorus and Vector fall Trustpower sees small gain for 2017 earnings New Zealand dollar heads for 1.7% weekly fall Could Wheeler be last RBNZ governor to call the shots alone? Bike Barn fined $800k over misleading ads Lyttelton Port strike cancelled this weekend Government still in talks with Air NZ Relief care minimum wage appeal in Supreme Court Cookie Company launch innovative Protein Brownie Jetstar Deal Should Never Have Flown Summer Kerbside rubbish and recycling ends Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2017 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out13:17 GMT +311 February 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Uber Picks Up Senior NASA Engineer to Develop Air Taxis © AFP 2016/ Mark Ralston Tech 00:07 07.02.2017(updated 02:18 07.02.2017) Get short URL 127131 In its ongoing quest to create commercially-viable flying taxis, Uber has announced a major talent acquisition in the form of a 30-year NASA veteran. Uber hopes his expertise will give them an edge over competitors like Google, who are also trying to take your commute to the skies. Mark Moore, a NASA aeronautics engineer since the 1980s, has announced his new role as director of engineering at Uber's flying car initiative, Uber Elevate. Moore was chosen for the job due to his groundbreaking work on Vertical Takeoff and Landing (VTOL) technology. 'I can't think of another company in a stronger position to be the leader for this new ecosystem and make the urban electric VTOL market real," Moore said in a statement. © All About AMAZING Paging George Jetson: Airbus Plans to Test Flying Car in 2017 Moore argued in a 2010 paper published by NASA that small, personal aircraft that take off and land without extensive infrastructure could be made economically feasible with the use of VTOL technology. His work inspired Google co-founder Larry Page to fund the creation of two flying-car start-ups: Zee Arrow and Kitty Hawk. Now Moore, in joining Uber, has gone over to Google's most prominent rival seeking to make the 20th century science-fiction staple a reality.  Uber has big plans for improving commute times and countering urban sprawl. A 2016 mission statement from the ride-sharing company evinces a future in which there is a "vertiport" every few blocks, a sort of miniature liftoff and landing point where passengers board, and debark from, a flying taxi. The airborne vehicles would be primarily automatic, but overseen by a human engineer.  In spite of this grand vision, and claims to implement pilot programs by 2025, Uber has not begun construction of a functional air cab. Many obstacles stand in the way of such technologies, including noise pollution, battery life, and, of course, cost. Uber is looking to Moore and his team to solve these, and many other challenges. Naturally an enormous amount of red tape, including insurance and liability issues, must be cut through, according to Moore. Air traffic is heavily regulated in the United States, and coordinating thousands of flying cars in a coherent, reliable, and stable aerial traffic pattern above a major city is a significant logistical challenge. © Photo: Nikolay Kazakov / volocopter.com Flyway or the Highway? German Heli-Car Promises End to Traffic Jams Moore has been critical of NASA's approach to developing aviation markets. "It's the federal government who is best positioned to overcome extremely high levels of risks," he said. For this reason, and, arguably a healthy pay raise, he walked away from a sizable government pension to work for Uber. Moore says he wants "to be in the right place at the right time to make this market real." Along with Uber Elevate and Google's twin start-ups, European aerospace manufacturer Airbus has entered the burgeoning market with its own start-up, Vahana. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 31 Related: Uber Pays Federal Trade Commission $20 Million for Overstating Drivers’ Income Uber Makes Trip Data Public For the First Time Ever Uber’s Self-Driving Car Program Flees from California to Arizona Ho! Ho! Ho! Crisis Compelled Santa Claus Turns Into Uber Cab Driver Going My Way? Airbus Developing Uber for the Sky Tags: future technologies, flying car, vertical landing, Airbus, Google, Uber, NASA, Larry Page TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply RedBanner 01:34 07.02.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete "Many obstacles stand in the way of such technologies, including noise pollution, battery life, and, of course, cost. Uber is looking to Moore and his team to solve these, and many other challenges." Hopefully these vehicles won't fly around on... fossil fuels. If you reject the oil "mafia" and instead adopt clean energy propulsion systems, good! If not, even if you could achieve implementing pilot programs by 2025... it's very unlikely you'll ever succeed...Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 13:13Serbia Needs 'Much Political Effort' to Join Turkish Stream Gas Pipeline 13:12West Violates the Rules It Forced on Balkans in the First Place 12:43US Software Company Reopens Lawsuit Against Google Over Android System 12:38Reports on Dire State of UK Subs 'Looks Like Campaign to Get More Funding' 12:29Taiwan Vows to Shoot Down Any Drones Entering Territory of AirportsAll news Explosion Hits Nuclear Power Plant in France, Injuries Reported 10461 India Shuts Down Gates Foundation Program Over Ties to Big Pharma 7170 US' Bill on Info War Against Russia Has Soros' Fingerprints All Over It 6661 Kremlin Confirms Accidental Russian Airstrike Kills Turkish Soldiers in Syria 6380 'Response to NATO': What Forced Russia to Conduct Snap Check of Aerospace Forces 6300All news US' Bill on Info War Against Russia Has Soros' Fingerprints All Over It 41 Americans Want 'Mom-in-Chief' Michelle Obama to Become US President in 2020 36 US May Designate Iran’s Revolutionary Guard a Terrorist Group 35 US Senators Introduce Bill Requiring Approval for Lifting Anti-Russia Sanctions 35 Kremlin Confirms Accidental Russian Airstrike Kills Turkish Soldiers in Syria 29All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics This Week in Pictures Dead in the Water How the EU Has Chaged News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Hands-on with Toast’s real-wood cover for the Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [February 2017] Trending in Google Corporate Comment: Lenovo’s new Yoga A12 Android tablet is just begging to be a Chromebook Trending in Google Corporate Opinion: Five features that I want with the second-generation Google Pixel Trending in Google Corporate Google Home now supports over 70 apps and services, here are some of the most useful Trending in Google Corporate Hands on with Colorware’s new skins for Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] February 6 GOOG: 801.34 -0.15 Google partners with H&M Group’s digital fashion house Ivyrevel on a ‘Coded Couture’ project [Video] Justin Duino - Feb. 6th 2017 1:01 pm PT @jaduino Google View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit New York Fashion Week starts this Thursday and to celebrate, Google has partnered with the digital fashion house, Ivyrevel, on a new project. “Coded Couture” uses Google’s Awareness API — which launched last summer — to monitor a user’s daily habits and activities. The Coded Couture application takes that awareness data and creates a custom Ivyrevel dresses made specifically for the wearer… The application uses the Awareness API to gain data on a user’s location, weather, physical activity, and monitors when you are close to nearby beacons. All of this data goes into what design, style, and use case the wearer will enjoy most in a dress. Although the application is still under development, we do have a basic understanding of how it works. When you first set up your profile, you have to tell it if you would like your dress to be used for partying, galas, or business. This is most likely used to decide which style of “digital dress” to create for you. Over a course of a week, the application will track your daily activities using the Snapshot API. This data includes when and where you eat, what the weather is like where you live, when you go to work or go out to socialize with friends, and much more. All of the data that has been collected can be seen within Ivyrevel’s application. After the week, the app will collect all of the user’s “context signals” and create a custom dress. Users then can tweak the design as they like and purchase the dress direction from within the Ivyrevel application. Below are some screenshots of the app in action. This slideshow requires JavaScript. Right now, the application is not finished but is in a closed alpha test. If you’re interested in being a part of a future beta test of the Ivyrevel application, you can sign up on its website as well as read more about the collaboration between the digital fashion house and Google. Guides Google View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Hands-on with Toast’s real-wood cover for the Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [February 2017] Trending in Google Corporate Comment: Lenovo’s new Yoga A12 Android tablet is just begging to be a Chromebook Trending in Google Corporate Opinion: Five features that I want with the second-generation Google Pixel Trending in Google Corporate Google Home now supports over 70 apps and services, here are some of the most useful Trending in Google Corporate Hands on with Colorware’s new skins for Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] February 6 GOOG: 801.34 -0.15 LG Watch Sport, Style manuals show off Google Assistant, rotating crown, USB-C charger, more Abner Li - Feb. 6th 2017 1:08 pm PT @technacity LG Watch Style LG Watch Sport View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit User guides for the LG Watch Sport and Watch Style have leaked (via Droid Life) ahead of the device’s rumored Wednesday launch. While lacking specs, other features like a rotating crown and USB-C charging dock have been revealed, as has Google Assistant on the watch. The guides demonstrate that Google Assistant can be accessed by saying the “Ok Google” hotword or pressing and holding the power button until the familar “Hi, how can I help?” prompt appears. Functionality is not wildly different with the ability to send messages and emails, set alarms, reminders, and more. The screenshots also show Android Wear 2.0’s new interactive and customizable watch face that allows for numerous complications. On the hardware front, both watches will feature a rotating crown for scrolling through the apps list, notifications, and other messages. The Sport features two additional buttons that can be used to quickly launch Android Pay or the fitness app and can also be used as volume controls during a call. With cellular connectivity, the Sport includes a removal tool to open the rear casing in order to replace the SIM card. As expected, the Style does not feature NFC, GPS, a heart rate sensor, or a barometer . Both charging cradles feature a USB-C port, with the Style’s being a flat puck, while the Sport’s is more similar to the Moto 360 and can be used as a stand. Earlier today, retail packaging for the Style leaked featuring an interesting “Designed with our friends at Google” tagline. The Sport is expected to come in at $349, while the Style will be a $100 cheaper at $249.   Guides LG Watch Style View THe Guide LG Watch Sport View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Brad Ideas Crazy ideas, inventions and essays from Brad Templeton. Computers, Robocars, Civil Rights, Photography and more. Panoramics Photos Rec.humor.funny Joke Site Robocar Bog Twitter Best of Blog Brad's Home Robocars.com Home » Topic » Robocars California publishes robocar "intervention" reports -- Google/Waymo so far ahead it's ridiculous Submitted by brad on Wed, 2017-02-01 20:56. Robocars California published its summary of all the reports submitted by vendors testing robocars in the state. You can read the individual reports — and they are interesting, but several other outlines have created summaries of the reports calculating things like the number of interventions per mile. On these numbers, Google’s lead is extreme. Of over 600,000 autonomous miles driven by the various teams, Google/Waymo was 97% of them — in other words 30 times as much as everybody else put together. Beyond that, their rate of miles between disengagements (around 5,000 — a 4x improvement over 2015) is one or two orders of magnitude better than the others, and in fact for most of the others, they have so few miles that you can’t even produce a meaningful number. Only Cruise, Nissan and Delphi can claim enough miles to really tell. Tesla is a notable entry. In 2015 they reported driving zero miles, and in 2016 they did report a very small number of miles with tons of disengagements from software failures (one very 3 miles.) That’s because Tesla’s autopilot is not a robocar system, and so miles driven by it are not counted. Tesla’s numbers must come from small scale tests of a more experimental vehicle. This is very much not in line with Tesla’s claim that it will release full autonomy features for their cars fairly soon, and that they already have all the hardware needed for that to happen. Unfortunately you can’t easily compare these numbers: Some companies are doing most of their testing on test tracks, and they do not need to report what happens there. Companies have taken different interpretations of what needs to be reported. Most of Cruise’s disengagements are listed as “planned” but in theory those should not be listed in these reports. But they also don’t list the unplanned ones which should be there. Delphi lists real causes and Nissan is very detailed as well. Others are less so. Many teams test outside California, or even do most of their testing there. Waymo/Google actually tests a bunch outside California, making their numbers even bigger. Cars drive all sorts of different roads. Urban streets with pedestrians are much harder than highway miles. The reports do list something about conditions but it takes a lot to compare apples to apples. (Apple is not one of the companies filing a report, BTW.) One complication is that typically safety drivers are told to disengage if they have any doubts. It thus varies from driver to driver and company to company what “doubts” are and how to deal with them. Google has said their approach is to test any disengagement in simulator, to find out what probably would have happened if the driver did not disengage. If there would have been a “contact” (accident) then Google considers that a real incident, and those are more rare than is reported here. Many of the disengagements are when software detects faults with software or sensors. There, we do indeed have a problem, but like human beings who zone out, not all such failures will cause accidents or even safety issues. You want to get rid of all of them, to be sure, but if you are are trying to compare the safety of the systems to humans, it’s not easy to do. It’s hard to figure out a good way to get comparable numbers from all teams. The new federal guidelines, while mostly terrible, contain an interesting rule that teams must provide their sensor logs for any incident. This will allow independent parties to compare incidents in a meaningful way, and possibly even run them all in simulator at some level. It would be worthwhile for every team to be required to report incidents that would have caused accidents. That requires a good simulator, however, and it’s hard for the law to demand this of everybody. » brad's blog Oranges to oranges Submitted by jamesdouma (not verified) on Fri, 2017-02-03 19:07. Yes, it's really hard to get any sense of what's going on from these numbers. Or maybe I'm just being jaded, since at least this is real data with some king of regularization to it. But on to the point - if google is clocking 5000 miles between disengagements now, where do you think they want to be before they release a version of this on the public? As you point out it's hard to compare this disengagement criteria to those that would cause real world issues, but if it were equivalent I'm guessing they'd want that number to be more like 1 per 100k miles or 1 per million miles. Your thoughts? And once again, hard (lets just say impossible) to compare, but if they continue to get 4x better per year then 100k or 1M is still a long way off. Of course it's possible that disengagements that matter are already 100k apart. And what I'm wondering is if it's possible to guess if they will roll something out this year, or if we're talking 2020 for some small test effort on a private campus with no real civilian participation... The interesting thing there, of course, is that developments in machine sensing - at least the kind that are driven by deep learning - are advancing at an astonishing rate. Google had a mature translation product that was eclipsed in a span of months by a deep learning competitor which outperforms it by margins that are ridiculous for the difficult language pairs. Arguably the kind of sensing that goes into cars is advancing even more quickly, which leads to the interesting observation that even someone who is starting out behind today might be catapulted forward by general developments. And of course, training data plays a big part in that and on that front Tesla is going to be 3 orders of magnitude ahead of everyone else by the end of this year. » reply Google's record Submitted by brad on Fri, 2017-02-03 20:58. Earlier, Google reported going as far as 83,000 miles between virtual accidents, though that was in the past and their longest interval. Now they would be better and perhaps their median interval is that good or more. Nobody has decided what the target is, but I think that 500K miles would surely be good enough, and probably less. Neural networks are getting better, but there is no question that the undisputed king — again by a very large margin — of neural network R&D is Google. (And when you say their translation engine was replaced by a competitor, it was one Google owned.) Google is now just a cousin company to Waymo, but I presume it will have access to Google’s technology. Training data is an interesting question. Generic training data is plentiful. What’s more interesting is unusual situations. NHTSA is insisting all companies make all their data from unusual situations public, so everybody will have access to the same data in time, the question is what they do with it. Or at least all the data gleaned in the USA. » reply Training Data Submitted by jamesdouma (not verified) on Sat, 2017-02-04 00:17. I suspect the Google team will not be ok with an airbag deployment every 500k miles, if that's what constitutes an interesting disengagement event. Maybe they will surprise me. Data from "unusual" situations has special value to human analysis, and to certain types of algorithms which are not yet used in production control systems. For basic NN training unusual stuff needs to be represented in the dataset in approximate proportion to it's representation in actual use - so you need thousands or millions of "usual" examples for each "unusual" one. With more sophisticated training techniques, which are under development but still immature, you can dilute that, but generally working systems will require representations of all the situations they encounter, not just the ones that a human analyst might find interesting. So you need a huge number of examples of things going right for every example of things going wrong because that's representative of the distribution of real situations that must be managed. To date the straightforward way to accomplish getting statistically useful cross section of all the situations, both usual and unusual, has been to accumulate a large database of training data. There are ways to make smaller datasets go further but all other things being equal there's still no substitute for having a lot of data, with no upper bound to 'a lot'. 10 million is better than 1 million. A billion is better than 100 million, a trillion is better than 100 billion and so forth. Any player who has a multi-order of magnitude advantage is going to be tough to overcome. Of course, if your software runs on heuristics or more conventional statistical techniques and you do lots of simulation you can make better use of smaller datasets, but your system is probably not going to exhibit the flexibility and robustness that NN techniques bring to the table. Google started their effort long before NN techniques were dominating perception and even longer before they were being used for planning and other higher level analytical functions. I don't doubt that you can make a system work that way, but it's not going to be as good as one using the best NN techniques. This means that to be competitive with later entrants that a lot of their pre-NN functionality would be displaced by NN techniques and that's going to present a dilemma to teams making that choice. You have a team that has developed a heuristic, who knows that system well, and their program has accumulated significant experience with it. If a radically different but potentially superior technique arrives it's going to be hard to get people up to speed and then make a fair evaluation of the alternate technique. You might have to change the team quite a bit. Teams are generally reluctant to start over with a new skillset that nobody yet understands well. And even when you commit to the new skills deciding where to draw the lines and how to proceed generally does not go smoothly. Generally those changes won't be made until well after the new technique has been demonstrated to be superior in some parallel effort or competing program, and then retrofitting it in to the main branch of the project is going to present integration issues. Preserving the stuff that still has value while abandoning the stuff that has been superseded is a hard balance and you are almost always going to be making the wrong decision in the face of a competing technology that continues to grow and outperform the systems that you have already made big investments in. This is a central reason why companies rarely - essentially never - continue to dominate their industry after a paradigm change. Of course it can be done, and the Google guys have excellent management in this area. If anyone can do it it's probably them, but it's by no means a sure thing. There's one other area where lots of data is almost indispensable and that's in making the statistical case that a particular system is safe. It's possible to extrapolate a small data set into conclusions about a larger dataset if you have a good model of a system but I doubt that anyone is going to suggest that they have a good model of everything that can happen to a car in the real world. Musk has suggested that a billion miles is the kind of data you need to have in order to make a solid statistical argument that a self driving system is better than a human in the real world. That gives you maybe 1000 avoided airbag deployments and the opportunity to avoid around 10 fatalities so in that sense it seems like a good number. Anything much less than that and you can't be confident that it is better than a person over the full range of common driving circumstances. Tesla should have 2 billion miles on their HW2 platform by the end of 2017 and another 3.7 billion on their HW1 platform so it's conceivable that they could have the miles to make a good case if they have a system that works. But I'm not expecting anyone else to have even 1% of that. So it raises the interesting question of what kind of hand waving might be involved in getting regulators to agree to deploy a system that is, in the strictest sense, unproven. And is any conservative entity, in particular Google, going to be willing to do that? Currently I'm expecting them to wait until 2020 but I'm excited to think they will come up with a clever way to get into the field before events overtake them. » reply Unusual situation data Submitted by brad on Sat, 2017-02-04 00:56. Correct, the unusual situation data is most valuable for making a test suite, but it does also offer an ability to create training sets for “what to do in this sort of situation” which is useful. It’s one thing to get a neural network to figure out what lanes look like and how to stay in one. Quite another to train one to do the right thing in a dangerous situation. But getting large piles of ordinary miles is not hard for anybody who operates a lot of cars, or whose customers operate a lot of cars. Companies like car companies, Uber, Lyft and many other fleet operators can gather it if they can get sensors on the cars. To show safety you want to both show safety over a large dataset but you also want to show safety in lots of unusual and dangerous situations. Yet more proof that it stays in its lane in ordinary traffic becomes boring after a while. The more real the situations, the better, though artificially generated situations still can have value. Indeed, for unsupervised learning, you would put the car through a wide variety of dangerous situations until it figures out what gets through and what does not. But again, the closer to real, the better. » reply I am curious, what does everyone think the cost of the technolog Submitted by jan zarsky (not verified) on Sat, 2017-02-04 09:54. I am curious, what does everyone think the cost of the technology in the Google car is within a 90% to 100% assurance? If I were to look at disengagements in relation to dollars spent, I would be inclined to think a whole different conversation occurs. In that calculation, hardware is not necessarily more important than software, or technique. Does anyone know how the Google car performs on the Finnish or Swedish winter test tracks? Does anyone know what the actual processing platform that is embedded into the Google car is, and what it is in terms of cost? Has Google's technology been tested with various braking and steering actuators from more than one source? What is the cost to repair and re-calibrate the Google system in the event of a collision? How much more expensive is Google's physical platform to incorporate into a standard automobile form factor, versus it's current roof design? The questions involving designing technology for scale is still a question I do not know if the industry is agreement on. I have heard an automotive grade LIDAR sensor that is below $250 will not be in production platforms until 2025. Today is February 2017. Has anyone tested LIDAR performance in a heavily saturated and dense LIDAR vehicle arena where LIDAR signals are permeating the arena in density? Has anyone noted the latest DARPA research and assessment for LIDAR in dense urban canyons? Why does a parameter such as disengagement not necessarily overwhelm my inquisitive nature? » reply Cost is not relevant Submitted by brad on Sat, 2017-02-04 15:08. Almost nobody is treating cost as relevant. Those who are — namely Tesla — are making an error. This is computer and electronics hardware. Made in high volumes it almost always becomes very inexpensive. There is nothing that says this would not be true of lidars and radars and other such sensors. Even LWIR lidars, which can’t use silicon, would be cheap if made in quantity. However, today, it is not important that it be cheap. It is important it be safe, and whoever is the first to get to that level of safety takes the lead, almost regardless of cost. Telsa cares about cost because they want to sell a car with autopilot today. That means they have to use parts available in large quantities at low cost today. As there are no lidars that meet that criterion, they don’t use LIDAR. Others do not plan to ship for a few years, and so don’t worry about the cost of their research sensors. » reply Optics is not silicon Submitted by jamesdouma (not verified) on Mon, 2017-02-06 13:23. I'd like to address the assertion that "there is nothing that says this would not be true of lidars". Comparing optical data and sensing equipment to silicon in terms of it's ability to radically decline in cost over time is a mistaken association. The cost learning curves of technologies vary enormously and very few processes have the learning curve that silicon data processing demonstrates. There's overwhelming evidence that optics technologies do not demonstrate silicon-like learning curves. Note that I am not referring to lithographically produced linear response devices like camera sensors, but to optical lenses, waveguides, mounting systems, and especially nonlinear optical sources like lasers and other NLO beam manipulation devices. Camera lenses, for example, have been around as consumer offerings since long before computers entered that realm, but they've never seen a million fold improvement in cost performance over a span of a few decades despite enormous investments in optical manufacturing, dramatic growth in manufacturing volumes, and extraordinarily accurate scientific models WRT their underlying physical properties. For a direct comparison you might want to take note of how how the price performance improvement curve in networking interconnects degraded after the transition from copper based interconnects over to fiber optic interconnects. In the earlier period performance was driven by improvements in silicon and enjoyed several orders of magnitude of improvement in a couple of decades, but as the channel bandwidth properties of copper became problematic a transition to optical media necessitated the adoption of electro-optical transducers and optical interconnection systems, at which point improvement in link cost performance slowed to a relative crawl. This despite continued high rates of investment. Even today, decades after we hit the wall on copper bandwidth for wired ethernet interconnections and despite enormous increases in manufacturing volume the optical successors have not managed to make it out of the enterprise datacenter due to their inability to scale costs. Nonlinear optical devices, as much as they have improved over time, continue to be hard to manufacture with maddeningly high variation and associated low yields except for the most undemanding applications. Efficient coupling of microscopic electro-optical devices to the real world via lenses and waveguides continues to present manufacturing tolerance issues that have yet to be addressed by any highly scalable manufacturing process. That could change any day, but a lot of resources have been poured into this problem for at least the last 20 years and there is as yet no good candidate. At this point there is no expectation that high bandwidth optical links will ever become a consumer technology. And so, while there is good reason to believe the price performance of data processing systems associated with self-driving vehicle technologies can be expected to continue their dramatic improvement in the coming years, I find any similar expectation of lidar technologies to be misplaced. Of course they will improve, but improvements in processing are very likely to be dramatically greater. In my 16 years in the business of designing optical systems I watched numerous efforts, both at startups and at industrial giants, march in with the conviction that they were going to bring radical improvements to the field. I mean, how hard can it be right? We have this great demo, and this lovely plan, we just have to get it into the factory. Give us a year, maybe two, just to work out the details. Except it never worked out that way and almost all of those efforts are gone, mostly with nothing to show for their labors aside from gaping holes in checkbooks. I believe your analysis suggesting that the cost sensitivity of high duty cycle fleet vehicles is likely correct. Fleet operators will not care about an extra few thousand dollars for a sensor if it provides significant benefits in terms of safety or utility. But is lidar ever going to provide the utility to offset the cost? It's possible, but it's far from certain. Lidar will keep getting better, but then so will radar, and multispectral imaging, and thermal imaging, and commercial versions of these systems are much less expensive than lidar is today. As the computational ability to process sensor feeds grows by leaps and bounds the utility window for difficult and expensive sensors will shrink. In the end there will be a multitude of very cheap sensors backed by enormous processing power. In those fully mature systems lidar will only be present if you can make it for a price comparable to a camera, which is unlikely to happen. I say that because the camera based systems will be so good that lidar's incremental safety advantage won't matter. So will it be useful for a window of time prior to when vehicle vision systems become adequate? That it would is a conjecture that a system employing lidar would be able to achieve a given desirable level of safety at a lower operating cost than a comparably safe non-lidar system. There was a time prior to 2012 when the world had no expectation that camera based systems would be able to do the job in the foreseeable future, so using expensive and difficult sensors was the only option. But now the expectation has shifted, at least in the opinions of people who have not already made a large investment in those expensive and difficult options, to expecting cameras to be able to do the job in the foreseeable future. And unless that expectation turns out to be wrong, there's not going to be a big role for lidar. Tesla is moving forward on this updated expectation. Other developers are largely still in the belt-and-suspenders world of trying all the sensors in parallel to see what works, and that's appropriate for them. Because aside from Tesla, nobody is fabricating hardware for a commercial system in volume. All the others are just development platforms. It sounds like you believe Tesla is wrong, and so you must expect that Tesla will fail. Is that correct? » reply Silicon, optics and Tesla Submitted by brad on Mon, 2017-02-06 13:45. Yes, nothing matches what’s happened (and keeps happening, though more slowly now) in silicon. Still, most of the cost of a $75,000 Velodyne unit just comes from the fact they are hand-made in small quantities. Volume manufacturing and DFM and the dropping cost of the silicon portions (the sensors and the processing) are enough to make the cost reasonable. Making the cost dirt cheap (like Quanergy’s $100 goal) involves innovation, but it’s being done mostly on silicon. The contrast between cameras and lidar involves two optical devices. More optical stuff in the lidar, but the camera still is an optical device, with a lens. Cheap because cameras are made literally by the billions. 1.5 micron lidar does not use silicon for the sensor, and that keeps it expensive, but even germanium gets cheap if you are ordering many millions. Again, just from volume mfg, not from any Moore’s law. Moore’s law is mostly helping the other electronics. Is Tesla wrong? What I say is that Tesla is making a bet that seems wrong. It might pay off. It might be that computer vision gets good enough much faster than currently predicted. But it is unlikely that it will be computer vision plus lidar. The real truth is that if CV gets that good, the right answer will still be CV+Lidar, but it will be a cheaper, less capable lidar which is there to supplement and give superhuman sensing abilities to the whole system. In fact, it would be fair to say that the debate today is “Lots of CV with a cheap LIDAR and radar” vs “Higher end LIDAR with decent amounts of cheap CV and radar.” Tesla’s bet for now is “All CV and radar.” And there is debate about how much more radar can do. (Should also throw in maps in the equation, and there are those who also want to throw in V2x.) The answer, I feel, continues to be, “Use everything that gets you to safety faster, with cost a lesser factor.” The superhuman abilities of lidar and radar are silly to throw away just for cost. » reply questions never answered Submitted by Anonymous (not verified) on Sat, 2017-02-04 16:07. 1) Does anyone know how the Google car performs on the Finnish or Swedish winter test tracks? 2) Does anyone know what the actual processing platform that is embedded into the Google car is? 3) Has Google's technology been tested with various braking and steering actuators from more than one source? 4) What is the cost to repair and re-calibrate the Google system in the event of a collision? 5) How much more expensive is Google's physical platform to incorporate into a standard automobile form factor, versus it's current roof design? 6) Has anyone tested LIDAR performance in a heavily saturated and dense LIDAR vehicle arena where LIDAR signals are permeating the arena in density? 7) Has anyone noted the latest DARPA research and assessment for LIDAR in dense urban canyons? In case you did not notice, cost was thrown up as an easy hit for those ignoring the dirty details. The above questions are what an industry executive confronts. » reply Never answered? Submitted by brad on Sat, 2017-02-04 16:18. Probably not, I doubt the cars have been to Finland or Sweden. Yes They have made 4 vehicles, with a Prius, Lexus, a custom design and a Chrysler minivan. So certainly they have tested with what’s in all of those That would vary greatly based on the type of accident. Calibration tends to be a software thing and not cost money. Why on earth would you want to? The early adopters want their cars to stand out and be different Yes. LIDAR interference is very minimal. I have not seen it, point us to it. Don’t anticipate a problem there, what would be the source of one? » reply Comment viewing options Flat list - collapsedFlat list - expandedThreaded list - collapsedThreaded list - expanded Date - newest firstDate - oldest first 10 comments per page30 comments per page50 comments per page70 comments per page90 comments per page150 comments per page200 comments per page250 comments per page300 comments per page Select your preferred way to display the comments and click "Save settings" to activate your changes. Post new comment Question: What is the last name of the blogger?: * His name is Brad Templeton. You figure it out. Your name: Please make up a name if you do not wish to give your real one. E-mail: The content of this field is kept private and will not be shown publicly. Homepage: Personal home pages only. Posts with biz home pages get deleted and search engines ignore all links Subject: Comment: * Allowed HTML tags: <a> <em> <strong> <cite> <code> <ul> <ol> <li> <dl> <dt> <dd> Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. More information about formatting options Save my Comment Information for next time. Navigation Topic Best Of Blog Air Travel Announcements Brad's Rant Burning Man Comedy Free Speech Futurism Going Green Governance Health Intellectual Property Internet Inventions Media New Democracy Observations Photography Politics Privacy Random Ideas Review Robocars Solve this Spam Technology Telecom Transportation What a great idea Archives Battlestar Blog Forums Recent posts Tags Privacy User login Username: * Password: * Request new password If you like this blog, do me a favour and start your Amazon shopping from this link, and I'll get a cut. Recent comments Not a fan of wireless charging brad Feb 10 2017 - 13:42 Shared corridor brad Feb 10 2017 - 13:33 Recharging on the move Steve (not verified) Feb 10 2017 - 01:14 On the right track Russell de Silva (not verified) Feb 10 2017 - 00:10 Silicon, optics and Tesla brad Feb 6 2017 - 13:45 I agree that this is a big issue brad Feb 6 2017 - 13:30 Optics is not silicon jamesdouma (not verified) Feb 6 2017 - 13:23 It is always about individual rights. Lynn Fredricks (not verified) Feb 6 2017 - 11:52 It feels strange to be having this discussion jamesdouma (not verified) Feb 6 2017 - 11:25 Suggested responses to false statements and fake news? Adam Engst (not verified) Feb 6 2017 - 09:15 Top Essays Copyright Robocars Solving the copyright crisis Spam Spam History GMail DNS Microrefunds Bill Gates Wealth Darth Darth Binks Future of TV Ads Complete Set Donate Bitcoin 1JLEzkRutp2q5xrv9jzd9CVgLp4g79S4M8 Recent blog posts Electrify Caltrain? Or could robocars do it for less than 1.5 billion? Free speech theory explained California publishes robocar "intervention" reports -- Google/Waymo so far ahead it's ridiculous Uber talks of deal with Daimler which shows Uber's great advantage Flying cars are coming, what will they mean? NHTSA ODI report exonerates Tesla in fatal crash CES Gallery -- Smart Connected IoT home and more Rodney Brooks on Pedestrian Interaction, Andrew Ng on Infrastructure, and both on human attitudes CES News Part 1 -- cars No, a Tesla didn't predict an accident and brake for it more Blogroll EFF Deep Links Google+ Syndicate
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Startup BattlefieldWe're Accepting Applications for Startup Battlefield At Disrupt NY Apply Today Apps Crunch Report: Prince returns to Spotify Messaging app Wire now has an external audit of its e2e crypto Uncorking innovation with Treasury Wine Estates in Napa Browse more... Android Samsung’s Chromebook Pro highlights the category’s continued evolution Android Wear 2.0 is an evolutionary update to Google’s smartwatch OS LG’s Watch Style and Sport are the first two Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches Browse more... H&M How legacy brands and retailers can keep up with our tech-driven world Browse more... Fashion eBay takes on fashion resale startups with launch of authentication program Runchkins is Trunk Club for kids, with an optional buy-back power-up Facebook steps in to prove the value of chatbots with Tommy Hilfiger Browse more... Google & H&M’s Ivyrevel will make you a dress customized using your personal data Posted Feb 6, 2017 by Sarah Perez (@sarahintampa) 0 SHARES Next Story Super Bowl posts on social media are up from last year, but didn’t top 2015’s record numbers At last year’s Google I/O developer conference, Google introduced a new Awareness API that would allow for smarter applications that could understand where you were, what you were doing, what’s nearby, and even the weather, in order to more intelligently react to your current situation. Today, Google introduced a new application that’s taking advantage of this sort of data in order to…design you a dress. Yes, a dress. Uhhh??? Google says it teamed up with H&M’s digital fashion house Ivyrevel on a project dubbed “Coded Couture.” Through a forthcoming Android application, users can consent to have their activity and lifestyle data monitored – by way of the Awareness API –  to create a their own, personalized, custom-made dress that’s ordered through the app. Excuse me, it’s officially called the “Data Dress,” says Google. Specifically, the Android app being developed now will use the Snapshot API to monitor the person’s daily activity and lifestyle, including things like where they traveled, where they eat dinner or hang out with friends, the typical weather in the area, and more. This information is collected over a week’s time, then used to create a digitally tailored dress that can be bought within the app. The idea is that you can translate your life and your lifestyle into a unique, wearable look. But in reality, the resulting creation mainly displays your routes and routines as lines on map, sans street labels and points of interest. Users can also choose which style of dress they want, whether a look for work, parties, or formal events. Google says that the choice of material, color, embellishment used, and added details like belt and cuffs are data-driven, as well. For example, the material will be selected based on weather data like the temperature and the fit will be based on the wearer’s activity level. This doesn’t seem like the best use case for the Awareness API’s capabilities, but there you have it. Currently, the app is in a closed beta and being tested by a handful of style “influencers,” including  Ivyrevel’s co-founder Kenza Zouiten. Interested testers can also sign up to join a later trial ahead of the public release. Previously, Google had shown off better examples of how the Awareness API could be used in apps, including real estate app Trulia’s smarter push notifications that alert you to open houses only if you’re nearby, walking and it’s nice outside. Another, Runkeeper, lets you tag your posts with the current weather, while a music streaming app Superplayer Music took advantage of the new tool to suggest music based on your activity and location – like workout music for the gym. The custom dresses will start at $99, and the app will release later this year. (1/6/17, 12:40 PM ET: updated with pricing information, additional details) 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Android Description Android is a software platform for mobile devices based on the Linux operating system and developed by Google and the Open Handset Website http://code.google.com/android Full profile for Android Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Prince Returns To Spotify | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes H&M Fashion Android Apps Popular Posts Featured Stories Prince Returns To Spotify | Crunch Report VIDEO | 2:38 | Crunch Report Carl Bass on his surprising Autodesk exit — and what’s next 13 hours ago | Connie Loizos Uncorking innovation with Treasury Wine Estates in Napa 14 hours ago | Lora Kolodny Beats X bring Apple’s wireless headphone tech to a tethered form factor 15 hours ago | Brian Heater Facebook says it will open up for independent ad audit 18 hours ago | Anthony Ha Latest From Mobile Crunch Report: Prince returns to Spotify 9 hours ago | Anthony Ha Peanut is a Tinder-like app for making new mom friends yesterday | Sarah Perez Apple’s next iPhone might cost more than $1000 thanks to OLED displays yesterday | Jordan Crook Twitter says product changes are main growth driver, not just the President’s usage yesterday | Matthew Lynley Comment moderation powered by Up Next Super Bowl posts on social media are up from last year, but didn’t top 2015’s record numbers Posted Feb 6, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Data Migration Consultant at Exerp (West Palm Beach, FL, United States) Integration Consultant at Exerp (West Palm Beach, FL, United States) SENIOR ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE at Waxman Strategies (Washington, DC, United States) Senior Backend Engineer @ MeetMe at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Senior Data Engineer @ MeetMe at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Crunch Report: Prince returns to Spotify 9 hours ago by Anthony Ha Weekly Roundup: Tech companies rally against Trump’s immigration ban, Zenefits cuts workforce again 10 hours ago by Anna Escher Trump’s immigration ban is terrible for entrepreneurs 10 hours ago by Samia Bahsoun Payback’s a gift 11 hours ago by Talia Goldberg, Jeremy Levine Sen. Wyden presses for more answers as FBI responds to questions about its new FOIA system 11 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Messaging app Wire now has an external audit of its e2e crypto 12 hours ago by Natasha Lomas Cambridge is giving cancer the 3D VR treatment 13 hours ago by Devin Coldewey Carl Bass on his surprising Autodesk exit — and what’s next 13 hours ago by Connie Loizos Amazon’s Rekognition learns to guess your age 13 hours ago by John Mannes Uncorking innovation with Treasury Wine Estates in Napa 14 hours ago by Lora Kolodny
Hot Topics: News Video Reviews Phones Tablets Android Nougat Apps How-to Submit a Tip greenbot Popular Stories: A list of all the Google Now voice commands 13 tips and tricks to master your HTC One (M8) 11 simple tips and tricks to get more from your LG G3 Get the most from your Samsung Galaxy S5 with these 16 tips and tricks Back that app up: 5 great backup utilities for Android Cabin review: Track your family's location, send messages, and assign tasks Search Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Apps All Apps Entertainment Software Games Productivity Software Social Media Utility Software Carriers Gadgets Google Services All Google Services Google Apps Phones Resources Tablets Tech Events All Tech Events Back to School Holiday Gift Guide News Tips Submit a tip Home Android News Google Maps update puts a focus on navigation inside the app It'll now be easier to get real-time driving directions, transit times, and information about nearby restaurants. By Michael Simon | Follow Staff Writer, Greenbot | Feb 6, 2017 10:09 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Google More like this Google Maps will now tell you how busy a place is in real time 14 eyebrow-raising personal details Google knows about you Pixel XL review: Google's new phone isn't a Nexus—it's better Video What Android Wear 2.0 needs to be a hit Over the past few weeks Google has added in-app Uber booking and parking availability to Maps, but it isn’t done with the improvements. In an update rolling out today, the app will receive some better navigation—not in how we drive but in how we get around the app. A blog post details the change, which will only affect the Android version of Maps. The update adds a new menu bar to the bottom of the home screen that brings easy access to three common features: places, driving, and transit. Designed to cut down on the number of taps you’ll need to make to get directions and find restaurants, the update focuses on delivering real time at a glance, according to a Google blog post: “When you’re on the go, there’s no time for apps that can’t keep up. Whether you need to get to work or you’re just looking for a quick bite around you, Google Maps gives you personalized information about your world so you can make decisions and get around with confidence.” Under the new places tab, users will find lists of restaurants and bars around you, as well as a search bar that lets you find ATMs, pharmacies, gas stations and grocery stores. Additionally, if you tap the car icon you’ll be able to quickly get an estimated time of arrival for going home or to work, as well as traffic conditions and any possible reported delays. Finally, the subway icon will show you the best train or bus to catch for your commute, or you check out schedules for stations and stops near you. Google Google Maps’ new navigation helps you get the information you need quickly. The impact on you at home: We all love Google Maps, but let’s face it, no one wants to spend any more time with it than they have to. With this latest update, Google hasn’t added any new features, but by streamlining the interface a bit, it will help us get where we’re going that much faster.  To comment on this article and other Greenbot content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Android Google Maps Michael Simon covers all things mobile for Greenbot and Macworld. You can usually find him with his nose buried in a screen. You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Popular on Greenbot New Pokémon Go maps show you where to catch 'em all Where can I find Pikachu? More than one Pokémon Go map promises to help you find rare Pokémon—and they... A list of all the Google Now voice commands 20 great new features in Android 7.0 Nougat Newsletter Get the latest news, trends, apps, and tips for your Android phone. Get our Greenbot download newsletter Go The best Google Cardboard VR apps Games, concerts, and other immersive virtual reality experiences—and many are available for free. The best S Pen apps for your Samsung Galaxy Note More from... Featured Stories Five to Try: Splitter Critters, Ooniprobe, FBI Wanted, Glitchskier... Be sure to check out these fresh Android app and game releases. Everything we think we know about the LG G6 Mobile World Congress is right around the corner, and rumors are flying about LG's next flagship.... What those IP ratings like IP68 or IP53 really mean Is your "waterproof" phone designed for a white-water rafter, or just for someone who frequently... How to install the latest Android beta on your phone If you want to check out the newest Nougat features before they're officially released to the public,... Sponsored Links Building a cloud business case? Need data to back up your cloud strategy? Greenbot Follow us Apps Carriers Gadgets Google Services Phones Resources Tablets Tech Events News Tips Submit a tip Newsletters About Us Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. The Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License. Greenbot is an independent site that is not affiliated with Google Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 132 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest France to Facebook, Google on fake news: 'Non merci' Ahead of the presidential election in France, tech giants are trying to combat fake news. Post to Facebook France to Facebook, Google on fake news: 'Non merci' Ahead of the presidential election in France, tech giants are trying to combat fake news.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jVj0xr {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs France to Facebook, Google on fake news: 'Non merci' Jessica Guynn , USA TODAY Published 3:01 p.m. ET Feb. 6, 2017 | Updated 3:25 p.m. ET Feb. 6, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share President Donald Trump is furiously defending his immigration ban, insisting polls saying Americans don't want the ban are wrong. Nathan Rousseau Smith (@fantasticmrnate) reports. Buzz60 Facebook and Google are creating tools to combat fake news in the run-up to the presidential election in France. (Photo: Etienne Laurent, EPA) 132 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE SAN FRANCISCO — Stung by criticism they did too little to stop the spread of fake news on their platforms during the bitterly divisive U.S. election, Facebook and Google are launching new tools and initiatives to combat fake news ahead of elections in Europe. Facebook, which has 24 million users in France, said it would work with French news organizations including Le Monde and and Agence France-Presse to flag disputed news in the run- up to France's presidential election in April. News organizations have also joined Google which is asking users in France to submit links to suspect content so they can be investigated.  A similar program is being considered in Germany, which has its federal parliamentary elections in September, according to Google. Fact-checking has emerged as a top issue in Silicon Valley which has abandoned its hands-off approach to the content that streams through its platforms. Europe is on high alert for any attempt to manipulate elections through fake news. Tech companies such as Facebook and Google faced sharp criticism, even from President Obama, that they aided in the dissemination of misinformation that only served to sharpen political divisions. Both companies have taken steps to clamp down on the spread of fake news in the U.S. About half of adult Americans rely on Facebook as a source of news, a recent study from the Pew Research Center found. USA TODAY Facebook unveils first serious effort to wipe out fake news USA TODAY Facebook users are fed up with fake news USA TODAY Facebook fights fake news with Trending changes USA TODAY More fake news on the Web — this time, via Google USA TODAY Can the fake news trend be de-escalated? 132 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jVj0xr NEVER MISS OUT Tech Be the earliest adopter. Know what’s in, what’s out, and what’s awesome before anyone else does, Monday-Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Tech NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Home > Google News > Google SEO > Google Won't Tell Webmasters Which Links They Do Not Count For Spam Reasons Google Won't Tell Webmasters Which Links They Do Not Count For Spam Reasons Feb 6, 2017 • 7:31 am | (7) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story As many of your know, the Google link report in Google Search Console, the links to your site report, shows all (most) of the links to your site. It includes followed, unfollowed and discredited links, etc. It shows it all and it does not let you filter which links are unfollowed, disavowed or discredited by an algorithm. Gary Illyes said on Twitter the reason they don't let you filter by which links are discredited is because it will give "link spammers everything they'll ever need." This implies that it would give spammers what they need to counter-attack Google's link spam algorithms, such as Penguin. He added, Google has no plans to ever add such filters to the link report in the Google Search Console. Here is his tweet: @_RGraph @JohnMu absolutely not. that's basically giving link spammers everything they'll ever need— Gary Illyes ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ (@methode) February 3, 2017 There are third-party tools that do filter nofollowed and try to filter disavowed links and even attempt to figure out which links Google discounts behind the scenes. But those are not from Google and are third-party tools. Forum discussion at Twitter. Previous story: Daily Search Forum Recap: February 3, 2017   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 02/03/2017 09:11 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Windows 10 Insider Preview Build 15031 Gets Picture in Picture Google GSC and Google Data Studio Connector Improved Digital Point Forums Users of Fiverr, Freelancer, and more How can I sell my idea for an iPhone app? Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Home > Google News > Google SEO > Moz Skeptical Over Accuracy Of Google Search Console Reports Moz Skeptical Over Accuracy Of Google Search Console Reports Feb 6, 2017 • 7:52 am | (15) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story Russ Jones from Moz wrote a detailed piece named Google Search Console Reliability: Webmaster Tools on Trial. In short, he said SEOs and webmasters should "remain skeptical of this data," the data provided within Google Search Console. He then outlined and tested the following five reports: HTML Improvements Index Status Internal Links Links to Your Site Search Analytics The most concerning to me was the one most webmasters probably, and rightfully, spend most of their time looking at, the Search Analytics report. Russ said that Google Search Console only "recorded only 2 impressions out of 84, and absolutely 0 clicks." Here is the chart: Gary Illyes responded to this criticism in a very diplomatic fashion on Twitter saying "we made sure the SC team knows about it." "Personally I think this is a great post, lots to learn from it," he added. He did not address and explain why the differences, although I am sure there are. I doubt Google will ever specific point out any reason or explanation of why. It may be a bug in GSC or it may be issues on how they count? I don't know. Either way - this shows a reason not to just use Google Search Console for data but to also use your own tools or third-party tools. Forum discussion at Twitter. Previous story: Google: URL/Site Moves Are A Pain   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 02/10/2017 08:53 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Important Wordpress Update to 4.7.1 Windows 10 Insider Preview Build 15031 Gets Picture in Picture Digital Point Forums Please help me review my website! Buying blogposts on mobile games/games blogs Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Don't Miss: CW@50: A look back at Y2K in cartoons 5 new threats to your personal data Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Drive cloning in Windows 10 with free tools The IT-business gap remains 10 ways tech pros can take charge of their professional development Review: Microsoft's Nano Server offers mega advantages More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home IT Management Opinion by Preston Gralla Trump’s travel ban is a war on tech Immigration has helped the U.S. tech industry, but it’s not just self-interest that’s causing the industry to fight the ban By Preston Gralla | Follow Contributing Editor, Computerworld | Feb 6, 2017 11:46 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Carlos Barria, Reuters More like this Tech companies come out swinging against immigration ban Trump immigration ban means a war with tech Silicon Valley speaks up against intolerance Video Smart Cities: New York Opinion by Preston Gralla Silicon Valley speaks up against... How the tech industry helped elect... It’s time to regulate baby monitors Old and in the way Microsoft’s tin ear for privacy Where Clinton and Trump stand on tech... Microsoft misjudges millennials,... How Windows 10 became malware Amazon Prime and the racist algorithms Is Zuckerberg selling his soul for... Show More President Trump’s ban on people from certain Muslim countries entering the U.S. is not just a war on the Constitution and on core American values; it’s also a war on technology. And the technology industry is fighting back. It’s a well-worn cliché to say that we’re a nation of immigrants, but one look at the tech industry shows how true that is. At every level, from top executives on down, immigrants have helped build the tech economy. Google co-founder Sergey Brin, who emigrated from Russia, participated in protests against Trump’s Muslim ban, saying, “I’m here because I’m a refugee.” Google CEO Sundar Pichai is an immigrant, as is Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella. Microsoft says that 76 of its employees are from countries under Trump’s ban, and the company has come out strongly against it, saying in a statement, “We believe the executive order is misguided and a fundamental step backwards. There are more effective ways to protect public safety without creating so much collateral damage to the country’s reputation and values.” Google said at least 187 of its employees were affected and released a statement saying, “We’re concerned about the impact of this order and any proposals that could impose restrictions on Googlers and their families, or that could create barriers to bringing great talent to the U.S.” The company went well beyond that and set up a $4 million fund to fight Trump’s executive order. The money will go to the ACLU, the Immigrant Resource Center, the International Rescue Committee and Mercy Corps. And after the Muslim ban was announced, the “Google doodle” on Google’s home page was of Fred Korematsu, an American civil rights activist who had battled against the U.S. internment of Japanese during World War II. From Lyft to Facebook to Apple, at Airbnb, Netflix, Intel, Twitter and beyond, the tech industry is nearly unanimous in criticizing the ban. Nearly 100 companies from technology and other industries filed a friends-of-the-court brief in support of a restraining order on Trump’s decision to restrict the entry of visitors from seven Muslim-majority countries. Immigration is good for the industry because it helps bring the best and brightest tech talent in the world to the U.S. But in fighting the ban so publicly and vociferously, the industry is going beyond self-interest, because it faces blowback from Trump. Trump has repeatedly gone after companies that disagree with him, with serious consequences. [ To comment on this story, visit Computerworld's Facebook page. ] It’s good to see the tech industry fight back against intolerance. As I wrote in my previous column, there’s plenty else the industry can do, including refusing to cooperate with any effort to create a database of Muslims in the U.S. More than 3,800 tech professionals have signed a petition toward that end at Neveragain.tech. And Facebook, Apple, Google, Twitter, Uber, IBM and Microsoft said they won’t work on it as well. This issue is personal for me. I’m Jewish, and my grandparents all emigrated from Poland and Russia. After Trump issued his order, I reread an interview one of my uncles did with my paternal grandfather about how he had desperately crossed borders and continents to get here in the early 1920s, hopscotching from Poland to Germany to Belgium to the Netherlands to Mexico, paying smugglers along the way, before managing to make his way into the U.S. Back then, Europe was in crisis after World War I, awash in refugees looking for safe harbor, just as the Middle East is today. Change my grandfather’s religion and the geography he crossed, and you’ll find that his story is being played out today countless times. Look into your own family history. There’s a good chance you’ll find similar stories. My grandfather came to a nation that tried to ban him, just as Trump’s administration is doing to Muslims. The Immigration Act of 1924 targeted Jews by restricting immigration into the U.S. from countries that had large numbers of Jewish emigrants wanting to come here. It also banned Asians and restricted immigration from Italy and Slavic countries. When I was growing up decades later, however, I thought we had left that kind of racism and religious targeting behind. Clearly, I was wrong. My grandfather made his life here as a baker. But many of his descendants have gravitated toward the STEM fields. We’re scientists, tech journalists, engineers, developers and other tech professionals — exactly the kind of people who helped build America’s scientific and technology dominance. Many of the people Trump wants to ban are in the STEM fields as well. In Massachusetts, where I live, at least two MIT students, one from Syria and one from Iraq, weren’t allowed back into the country. An Iranian Ph.D. student at Worcester Polytechnic Institute was banned as well. Two professors of engineering at the University of Massachusetts Dartmouth were initially banned from re-entering the U.S. because they are Iranian. Eventually, lawyers intervened and they were let in. All this shows that Trump’s Muslim ban is an assault on technology as well as the Constitution. That’s one reason the tech industry is fighting back. But another reason is that it’s the right thing to do. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: IT Management Preston Gralla is a contributing editor for Computerworld and the author of more than 45 books, including Windows 8 Hacks (O'Reilly, 2012) and How the Internet Works (Que, 2006). Prices still climbing for enterprise mobility management software Opinion by Preston Gralla Previous Next Silicon Valley speaks up against intolerance How the tech industry helped elect Donald Trump It’s time to regulate baby monitors Old and in the way Microsoft’s tin ear for privacy Where Clinton and Trump stand on tech issues Microsoft misjudges millennials, spectacularly How Windows 10 became malware Amazon Prime and the racist algorithms Is Zuckerberg selling his soul for Facebook access to China? Apple’s encryption stand: Doing the right thing for the wrong reason Microsoft sees silver lining in clouded Windows Is this the worst Internet law ever? Technology can reduce gun violence Is the Adpocalypse upon us? Windows 10: Public enemy No. 1, or an OS like any other? Windows 10: Microsoft lays its smartphone ambitions to rest The Internet of Things: Your worst nightmare Broadband for all Europe’s war against U.S. tech is wrongheaded Tech’s peculiar relationship with social justice We’ve got net neutrality. Now the real work begins. HoloLens: Look who’s innovating 2015 is make or break for Microsoft In Silicon Valley, do the jerks always win? Can the iPhone 6 really defeat the NSA? What Gamergate says about the tech industry The antipathy toward women expressed in the Gamergate dispute reflects uncomfortable truths about... Currently reading Trump’s travel ban is a war on tech You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. Popular Resources White Paper 2015 Latin American Mid-Market Enterprise Communications Platforms Growth Excellence Leadership Award Research/Infographic Sponsored 4 Steps to E-Rate Simplification Research/Infographic Sponsored 5 Ways Cloud Changes Everything Video/Webcast Sponsored Best Practices in Managing Digital Media Rights for the Connected World White Paper Big Data, Bad Data, Good Data: The Link Between Information Governance and Big Data Outcomes Go Top Stories Ford to invest $1B in A.I. startup toward self-driving cars Ford plans to invest $1 billion over the next five years in Argo AI, an artificial intelligence startup... Trump eyes end to an H-1B system that favors largest outsourcers The companies most hurt by the random H-1B distribution system are those that submit only a few... Review: Samsung Chromebook Pro brings touch computing up a notch The Samsung Chromebook Pro is a convertible laptop/tablet that comes with an excellent touch display... How to root out bias in your data Analytics is a top priority for savvy CIOs. But if implicit biases are hiding under the surface of your... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path PCMagPicks FCC Trump LGG6 VizioTVs Menu Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Mobile Apps/ Google Wants to Use Your Data to Make You a Dress Google Wants to Use Your Data to Make You a Dress By Tom Brant February 6, 2017 02:34pm EST 10 Comments The design of the 'data dress' is based on a week's worth of data about your physical activities. Google's Pixel is pretty stylish and its Daydream View VR headset looks vaguely like an article of clothing, so it's only natural that the search giant plans to (indirectly) make custom-designed dresses. A week's worth of data from Google's Snapshot API, which tracks your physical activity, location, and even the weather around you will be fed into an app from fashion label Ivy Revel. The result will be a dress that translates your life into a one-of-a-kind design, the so-called "data dress." The Snapshot API uses an Android mobile device or smartwatch to capture several parameters of daily life: your physical movement (walking, running, driving, etc…), nearby Google beacons, whether or not your headphones are plugged in, and your location and its current weather. Stitching a week's worth of that data together can tell Ivy Revel a lot about what sort of fashion cues you might like for your next dress. For instance: do you eat at formal restaurants or do you frequent pizza joints? Do you live in a warm climate? Do you commute on the train or in a car? Related Met Gala Sneak Peek: Fashion in an Age of Technology Met Gala Sneak Peek: Fashion in an Age of Technology "After the course of a week, the user's context signals are passed through an algorithm that creates a digitally tailored dress design for the user to purchase," Google explains in a blog post. For now, Ivy Revel is the only designer to participate, although Google hopes to interest other fashion labels in data from the Snapshot API. If you're interested and don't mind the privacy implications of letting a fashion designer track your whereabouts for seven days, you can register for a chance to download a beta version of the Snapshot app, which will be released later this year. And if you think a custom-made dress that knows this much about you must be eye-wateringly expensive, think again: The Verge reports that Ivy Revel plans to sell its data dresses for as little as $99. Back to top Previous : Google Maps for Android Gets Real-Time Commute Info Uber Hires Longtime NASA Engineer to Work on 'Flying Cars' Next : By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom Report: Wireless Charging Coming to Next iPhone It will mean an overhaul of internal components, according to a new report. More » Steam Axes Greenlight Fan Voting Program Letting fans vote on which games they'd like to download became unwieldy for Valve. More » Google Brings Virtual Reality Support to Chrome Browser WebVR content is now available in Chrome, though you'll need a Daydream VR to get the full effect. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 32 Hidden Chrome Features That Will Make Your Life Easier How to Fix the Most Annoying Things in Windows 10 The Creepy World of Abandoned Video Games Everything Coming to Netflix in February 6 Games You'll Want to Buy in February 28 Instagram Tips for the Photo Obsessed »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO What deep learning really means What deep learning really means GPUs in the cloud put the predictive power of deep neural networks within reach of every developer Martin Heller (InfoWorld) 06 February, 2017 22:00 - - - - print email Comments Perhaps the most positive technical theme of 2016 was the long-delayed triumph of artificial intelligence, machine learning, and in particular deep learning. In this article we'll discuss what that means and how you might make use of deep learning yourself. Perhaps you noticed in the fall of 2016 that Google Translate suddenly went from producing, on the average, word salad with a vague connection to the original language to emitting polished, coherent sentences more often than not -- at least for supported language pairs, such as English-French, English-Chinese, and English-Japanese. That dramatic improvement was the result of a nine-month concerted effort by the Google Brain and Google Translate teams to revamp Translate from using its old phrase-based statistical machine translation algorithms to working with a neural network trained with deep learning and word embeddings employing Google's TensorFlow framework. [ Find out which machine learning and deep learning frameworks are for you with our Test Center comparison of TensorFlow, Spark MLlib, Scikit-learn, MXNet, Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit, and Caffe. | Jump into Microsoft’s drag-and-drop machine learning studio: Get started with Azure Machine Learning. | The InfoWorld review roundup: AWS, Microsoft, Databricks, Google, HPE, and IBM machine learning in the cloud. ] Was that magic? No, not at all: It wasn't even easy. The researchers working on the conversion had access to a huge corpus of translations from which to train their networks, but they soon discovered that they needed thousands of GPUs for training and would have to create a new kind of chip, a Tensor Processing Unit (TPU), to run Translate on their trained neural networks at scale. They also had to refine their networks hundreds of times as they tried to train a system that would be nearly as good as human translators. Do you need to be Google scale to take advantage of deep learning? Thanks to cloud offerings, the answer is an emphatic no. Not only can you run cloud VM and container instances with many CPU cores and large amounts of RAM, you can get access to GPUs, as well as prebuilt images that include deep learning software. Conventional programming To grasp how deep learning works, you’ll need to understand a bit about machine learning and neural networks, which in effect are themselves defined by how they differ from conventional programming. Conventional programming involves writing specific instructions for the computer to execute. For example, take the classic "Hello, World" program in the C programming language: /* Hello World program */
#include <stdio.h>
main()
{    
printf("Hello, World");
} This program, when compiled and linked, does one thing: It prints the string "Hello, World" on the standard output port. It does only what the programmer told it to do, and it does the same thing every time it runs. You may wonder how game programs sometimes give different outputs from the same inputs, such as swinging your character's ax at a dragon. That requires the use of a random number generator and a program that performs different actions based on the number returned by the generator: BOOL Swing_ax_at_dragon()
{  
       BOOL retval = rand()>SOME_THRESHOLD;
            if (retval)
                        printf("Your ax hits. Dragon dies.");
       else
printf("Your ax misses. Dragon spits flames.");
return retval;
} In other words, if we want a conventional program to vary statistically instead of behaving consistently, we have to program the variation. Machine learning turns that idea on its head. Machine learning In machine learning (ML), the essential task is to create a predictor of future outputs from some set of inputs. This is accomplished by training the predictor statistically from historical data. If the value predicted is a real number, then you are solving a regression problem, such as "What will the price of MSFT stock be on Tuesday at noon?" The complete history of MSFT stock transactions is available for training, as are all the related stocks, news, and economic data that might correlate to the stock price. If you are predicting a yes or no response, then you are solving a binary or two-class classification problem, such as "Will the price of MSFT stock go up between now and Tuesday at noon?" The corpus of data is the same as the regression problem, but the algorithms for optimizing the predictor will be different. If you are predicting more than two classes, then you are solving a multiclass classification problem, such as "What's the best action for MSFT stock? Buy, sell, or hold?" Again, the corpus of data is the same, but the algorithms might be different. In general, when you do ML you first prepare the historical data (see my tutorial on Azure ML for an example), then split it randomly into two groups: one for training and one for testing. When you process the data for training, you use the known target value; when you process the data for testing, you predict the target value from the other data (no peeking!) and compute the error rates by comparing the prediction to the known target value. Microsoft's Machine Learning Algorithm Cheat Sheet shown above is a good resource for picking algorithms, especially if you're using Azure ML or another general-purpose ML library or service. For the case of stock market data, Decision Forest (known for accuracy and fast training) might be a good first algorithm for regression, Logistic Regression (fast training, linear model) might be a good first algorithm for two-class classification, and Decision Jungle (accuracy, small memory footprint) might be a good first algorithm for multiclass classification. By the way, the only way to find the best algorithm is to try them all. Some ML packages and services, such as Spark.ML, can parallelize that for you and help pick the best result. Note that neural networks are an option for any of the three kinds of prediction problems. Also note that neural networks are known both for accuracy and long training times. So what are neural networks, other than one of the more time-consuming but accurate approaches to machine learning? Neural networks The ideas for neural networks go back to the 1940s. The essential concept is that a network of artificial neurons built out of interconnected threshold switches can learn to recognize patterns in the same way that an animal brain and nervous system (including the retina) does. The learning occurs basically by strengthening the connection between two neurons when both are active at the same time during training; in modern neural network software this is most commonly a matter of increasing the weight values for the connections between neurons using a rule called back propagation of error, backprop, or BP. How are the neurons modeled? Each has a propagation function that transforms the outputs of the connected neurons, often with a weighted sum. The output of the propagation function passes to an activation function, which fires when its input exceeds a threshold value. In the 1940s and '50s artificial neurons used a step activation function and were called perceptrons. Modern neural networks may reference perceptrons, but actually have smooth activation functions, such as the logistic or sigmoid function, the hyperbolic tangent, and the Rectified Linear Unit (ReLU). ReLU is usually the best choice for fast convergence, although it has an issue of neurons "dying" during training if the learning rate is set too high. The output of the activation function can pass to an output function for additional shaping. Often, however, the output function is the identity function, meaning that the output of the activation function is passed to the downstream connected neurons. Now that we know about the neurons, we need to learn about the common neural network topologies. In a feed-forward network, the neurons are organized into distinct layers: one input layer, N hidden processing layers, and one output layer, and the outputs from each layer go only to the next layer. In a feed-forward network with shortcut connections, some connections can jump over one or more intermediate layers. In recurrent neural networks, neurons can influence themselves, either directly, or indirectly through the next layer. Supervised learning of a neural network is done exactly like any other machine learning: You present the network with groups of training data, compare the network output with the desired output, generate an error vector, and apply corrections to the network based on the error vector. Batches of training data that are run together before applying corrections are called epochs. For those interested in the details, back propagation uses the gradient of the error (or cost) function with respect to the weights and biases of the model to discover the correct direction to minimize the error. Two things control the application of corrections: the optimization algorithm and the learning rate variable, which usually needs to be small to guarantee convergence and avoid causing dead ReLU neurons. Optimizers for neural networks typically use some form of gradient descent algorithm to drive the back propagation, often with a mechanism to help avoid becoming stuck in local minima, such as optimizing randomly selected minibatches (Stochastic Gradient Descent) and applying momentum corrections to the gradient. Some optimization algorithms also adapt the learning rates of the model parameters by looking at the gradient history (AdaGrad, RMSProp, and Adam). As with all machine learning, you need to check the predictions of the neural network against a separate test data set. Without doing that, you risk creating neural networks that only memorize their inputs instead of learning to be generalized predictors. Deep learning Now that you know something about machine learning and neural networks, it's only a small step to understanding the nature of deep learning algorithms. The dominant deep learning algorithms are deep neural networks (DNNs), which are neural networks constructed from many layers (hence the term "deep") of alternating linear and nonlinear processing units, and are trained using large-scale algorithms and massive amounts of training data. A deep neural network might have 10 to 20 hidden layers, whereas a typical neural network may have only a few. The more layers in the network, the more characteristics it can recognize. Unfortunately, the more layers in the network, the longer it will take to calculate, and the harder it will be to train. Another kind of deep learning algorithm is Random Decision Forests (RDFs). Again, they are constructed from many layers, but instead of neurons the RDF is constructed from decision trees and outputs a statistical average (mode or mean) of the predictions of the individual trees. The randomized aspects of RDFs are the use of bootstrap aggregation (bagging) for individual trees and taking random subsets of the features. Understanding why deep learning algorithms work is nontrivial. I won't say that nobody knows why they work, since there have been papers on the subject, but I will say there doesn't seem to be widespread consensus about why they work or how best to construct them. The Google Brain people creating the deep neural network for the new Google Translate didn't know ahead of time what algorithms would work. They had to iterate and run many weeklong experiments to make their network better, but sometimes hit dead ends and had to backtrack. (According to the New York Times article cited earlier, "One day a model, for no apparent reason, started taking all the numbers it came across in a sentence and discarding them." Oops.) There are many ways to approach deep learning, but none are perfect, at least not yet. There are only better and worse strategies for each application. Deep learning strategies, tactics, and applications For an example of an application of deep learning, let's take image recognition. Since living organisms process images with their visual cortex, many researchers have taken the architecture of the visual cortex as a model for neural networks designed to perform image recognition. The biological research goes back to the 1950s. The breakthrough in the neural network field for vision was Yann LeCun's 1998 LeNet-5, a seven-level convolutional neural network (CNN) for recognition of handwritten digits digitized in 32-by-32-pixel images. To analyze higher-resolution images, the network would need more neurons and more layers. Since then, packages for creating CNNs and other deep neural networks have proliferated. These include Caffe, Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit, MXNet, Neon, TensorFlow, Theano, and Torch. Convolutional neural networks typically use convolutional, pooling, ReLU, fully connected, and loss layers to simulate a visual cortex. The convolutional layer basically takes the integrals of many small overlapping regions. The pooling layer performs a form of nonlinear down-sampling. ReLU layers, which we mentioned earlier, apply the nonsaturating activation function f(x) = max(0,x). In a fully connected layer, the neurons have full connections to all activations in the previous layer. A loss layer computes how the network training penalizes the deviation between the predicted and true labels, using a Softmax or cross-entropy loss for classification or an Euclidean loss for regression. Besides image recognition, CNNs have been applied to natural language processing, drug discovery, and playing Go. Natural language processing (NLP) is another major application area for deep learning. In addition to the machine translation problem addressed by Google Translate, major NLP tasks include automatic summarization, co-reference resolution, discourse analysis, morphological segmentation, named entity recognition, natural language generation, natural language understanding, part-of-speech tagging, sentiment analysis, and speech recognition. In addition to CNNs, NLP tasks are often addressed with recurrent neural networks (RNNs), which include the Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) model. As I mentioned earlier, in recurrent neural networks, neurons can influence themselves, either directly, or indirectly through the next layer. In other words, RNNs can have loops, which gives them the ability to persist some information history when processing sequences -- and language is nothing without sequences. LSTMs are a particularly attractive form of RNN that have a more powerful update equation and a more complicated repeating module structure. Running deep learning Needless to say, deep CNNs and LSTMs often require serious computing power for training. Remember how the Google Brain team needed a couple thousand GPUs to train the new A.I. version of Google Translate? That's no joke. A training session that takes three hours on one GPU is likely to take 30 hours on a CPU. Also, the kind of GPU matters: For most deep learning packages, you need one or more CUDA-compatible Nvidia GPUs with enough internal memory to run your models. That may mean you'll want to run your training in the cloud: AWS, Azure, and Bluemix all offer instances with GPUs as of this writing, as will Google early in 2017. While the biggest cloud GPU instances can cost $14 per hour to run, there are less expensive alternatives. An AWS instance with a single GPU can cost less than $1 per hour to run, and the Azure Batch Shipyard and its deep learning recipes using the NC series of GPU-enabled instances run your training in a compute pool, with the small NC6 instances going for 90 cents an hour. Yes, you can and should install your deep learning package of choice on your own computer for learning purposes, whether or not it has a suitable GPU. But when it comes time to train models at scale, you probably won't want to limit yourself to the hardware you happen to have on site. Read more People don’t need to know they are using AI, they just need to benefit from it For deeper learning You can learn a lot about deep learning simply by installing one of the deep learning packages, trying out its samples, and reading its tutorials. For more depth, consider one or more of the following resources: Neural Networks and Deep Learning, by Michael Nielsen A Brief Introduction to Neural Networks, by David Kriesel Deep Learning, by Yoshua Bengio, Ian Goodfellow, and Aaron Courville A Course in Machine Learning, by Hal Daumé III The TensorFlow Playground, by Daniel Smilkov and Shan Carter Stanford CS class CS231n: Convolutional Neural Networks for Visual Recognition Related articles Review: The best frameworks for machine learning and deep learning Get started with Tensor Flow Get started with Azure Machine Learning Review: 6 machine learning clouds 6 Styles of Customer Analytics More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags analyticsAIdeep learningbusiness intelligence More about AWSBluemixCNNGoogleIBMJungleMicrosoftModernNielsenNvidiaSparkTestToolkit Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Digitally remastering your business Impact of Project Prioritisation Let the Data Centre Transformation Begin - with Flash Storage Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Delivering Quality of Service with Pillar Axiom 600 Latest Jobs General Manager - Strategy VIC Group Director Information Services WA Digital Communications Manager NSW Senior Business Analyst - HRIS QLD User Experience Designer - Part time - Short contract ACT Senior Infrastructure Engineer NSW C Programmer ACT Front End Developer NSW Agile Project Manager. Sharepoint / Peoplesoft NSW Service Desk Analyst - Level 1 VIC Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next HPE called out over service “failure” after ATO systems outage ​Australia Post expands online stores with Alibaba deal ​Six Challenges CISOs Will Face in 2017 CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Booted up in 1993, this server still runs -- but not for much longer Market Place WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). CSO Privacy groups claim FBI hacking operation went too far Microsoft unveils a bonanza of security capabilities Recent WordPress vulnerability used to deface 1.5 million pages How to enable WhatsApp's two-step verification Apple's iCloud saved deleted browser records, security company finds Computerworld Muru-D takes on 'more mature' start-ups with new funding model Stop talking shit about broadband speeds, ACCC tells ISPs NetComm Wireless reaps $28 million windfall from NBN FTTC Microsoft hasn't moved the Windows 10 needle in months 'Fileless malware' attacks, used at banks, have been around for years ARN Banking and securities’ IT spend to hit $14.8B in Australia ISPs put on alert over broadband speed claims NetComm’s NBN deal delivers $28m revenue injection ​Day of reckoning still to come despite Dell EMC partner program launch Avnet expands Lenovo partnership with global training deal Techworld Privacy groups claim FBI hacking operation went too far On land and in space, IoT networks can now cover the planet Ford to pump $1B into AI for driverless cars UPS to spend $18M to install 26,000 new solar panels Microsoft unveils a bonanza of security capabilities CMO Best Super Bowl ads were humorous, finds facial tracking research Volkswagen Group unites customer experience and employee engagement insights Report: Australian organisations lack processes and support to be innovative CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 9 February 2017 ​Data Republic partners with koji to boost FMCG data insights Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Droid Life Menu Skip to content Home Topics Accessories Apps Beginners’ Guide Contests Deals News Polls Reviews Root Videos Podcast Deals Contact Search Post navigation Previous StoryReport: LG G6 Might Not Launch in US Until April 7 Next StoryAT&T Mobile Insurance and Protection Plan Prices Increasing in April by Kellex on Feb 6, 2017 @droid_life News Home Share this Story Here are the LG Watch Sport and Watch Style User Guides LG and Google may announce two new Android Wear watches this week, the LG Watch Sport and Watch Style. Even though these are LG devices, packaging hints at these being influenced (at least in terms of design) by Google. I don’t know that I would call them “Nexus” watches, but you get the feeling that LG and Google teamed up to create what they believe to be the ultimate Android Wear devices as a way to launch Android Wear 2.0. While we wait for LG and Google to fully unveil these new wearables, we wanted to add to the pre-launch story today by sharing the user guides for each watch.  The guides don’t necessarily share the full specs, but they do offer up additional imagery of the shapes and designs of each watch, plus they dive into functionality, like making payments over NFC with the Sport or easily changing bands on the Style. They also talk about using the rotating side button to navigate each, taking advantage of Google Assistant from your wrist, and placing calls on the Sport, since it’ll feature a SIM card. A few things that stood out after browsing through each: Buttons: Each device does indeed featuring a rotating crown button that allows you to navigate apps lists and notifications with a twist. The Watch Sport features two additional pushers that let you launch apps. The top defaults to the Fit Workout app and the bottom defaults to Android Pay. You can customize them, though, to whatever you want. They also control volume up or down during calls. Sensors: The LG Watch Sport will feature a heart rate sensor, GPS, and a barometer, while the Watch Style won’t have any of those. Charging: LG Watch Sport will come with a charging cradle that you drop the device in for charging, while the Watch Style will use a flat-lying charging pad. SIM card: With the Watch Sport, you’ll replace the SIM card it uses to connect to wireless networks with a tool that helps you remove the bottom plate of the watch. The user guide available at this time is for the AT&T model, but I’d be shocked if there isn’t a Verizon model sold at or around the same time. Watch bands: The user guide shows that you can easily change the watch bands out on the Watch Style, which would make sense as a more fashion-forward timepiece. The Watch Sport, on the other hand, doesn’t look like it’ll be quite as easy. You can’t just swap out MODE bands like you can on the Style, but you may instead of have to deal with watch pins and tools. If you want, you can download each at LG’s site through the link below. If that sounds like hell, we’ve captured some of the goodies below to prepare for this week’s potential launch. LG Watch Sport (LG-W280A, AT&T model) LG Watch Style (LG-W270) UPDATE: It looks like LG pulled the docs. We, of course, kept them in anticipation of this. Dear other Android and news outlets who didn’t credit us on this story, here you go! Enjoy the free goodies! (Download links: Watch Sport, Watch Style) Via: LG Post navigation Previous StoryReport: LG G6 Might Not Launch in US Until April 7 Next StoryAT&T Mobile Insurance and Protection Plan Prices Increasing in April tffk They look legit, but it will all come down to price and battery life… John Huie I know no one really knows, but you can probably still use the Watch Sport w/o getting data on it, right? Like, not getting a separate data plan for it and using it through your phone, the way my Moto 360 is now… Hopefully? Rusqi It is already well known that you should be able to turn off LTE and just use a bluetooth connection similar to the Urbane 2nd Edition. John Huie Thanks! What I wanted to confirm! Finire Seriously everyone, stop it with the buttons that get hit by my wrist the moment I lean on a table. Those center large buttons are horrible for actual use. Connor Any idea if a T-Mobile variant will be forthcoming? Susanneaweigel Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj199d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj199d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash199HomeOnlineGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!mj199d:….,…. bābā ghanūj The AT&T Urbane 2 supports T-mobile, so I would assume the same for the Sport. Beverlypbeck Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj242d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj242d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash242ShopHouseGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!mj242d:….,…….. Steve Young A T-Mobile rep told me that it should be fine. Just get the unlocked one whenever it shows up in the Google Store. Kolma I just want my Huawei watch to have a rotating crown and I’d be happy. LTE and extra buttons would be nice but the Huawei Watch is already perfect otherwise. Lars I would get the sport, but its a pain in the ass to switch bands. The Style doesnt have any sensors or NFC as well as a smaller battery. They will wonder why the wearable thing is not working out. They keep putting out half baked devices. I am in desperate need of a new android wear watch, my 360 is on its last legs. I will probably have to take another look at the Huawei Watch or the Zen Watch 3 ClikFire _ Gear S3 Classic or Frontier they even work with Pixel Phones. Jared K Will the heart rate sensor even be good? My LG G Watch R’s is so useless. MJ I seem to be doomed to never own a smartwatch… I had high hopes for the Google/LG watches but think I will be priced out of the Sport version as it has a bunch of useless features for me (LTE, heart rate monitor, and GPS). Maybe the Style won’t be that bad looking and not to small but my understanding is it has no NFC (#facepalm). Kellex B No NFC in smaller Style. Which yes, is a facepalm. Good_Ole_Pinocchio That’s the only real downside for me… I don’t get it… MJ You think Google would want to promote Android Pay on smartwatches but I guess not. No OEM can seem to get the smartwatch right. The problem is traditional watch makers will produce hundreds of watch models a year so one can get exactly what they are looking for style, feature, and price wise. How many smartwatches does LG come out with in a year? Three, maybe four? JimmyHACK Samsung has been nailing it though. MJ Only being fully compatible with Samsung phones is not “nailing it”. Starting at $300 (I am sure there is a sale somewhere), meh… ClikFire _ Do your research. The gear S3 Classic and Fronter work with non Samsung phones. I know several Pixel Users on G+ using the S3 Frontier. They love it. MJ Well this is going to be easy… Do YOUR research. Right from Samsung. READ. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/b0812a267a83093802140dac5d1388fba12cc1668ba3fe5824e9b71904b0105d.jpg Ryan N Does the Sport have a speaker?… Haven’t seen any mention of its inclusion/exclusion. ClikFire _ Yes it has a speaker. KChristainsen Are you going to bitch about this same topic on every Android wear post on every Android blog? MJ Your right, why should I do the same thing everyone else does in the comment section of Android blogs. Sigh… Another troll BLOCKED and I am going to have to reset my “no one blocked in X days” counter. Mr.Bean I would think that if you want NFC functionality, then you’ll have to shell out more for the watch sport. telnetport http://www.lg.com/us/support-mobile/lg-LGW270#manuals About Droid Life We consider ourselves to have the greatest Android community in the world, here at Droid Life. We talk general news, feature apps, review phones, and even teach you how to hack a little. But most importantly, there is no place on the internet that has the reader participation that we do and consider ourselves to be completely community driven. If you were looking for the best place to learn about Android and talk with like-minded folks about all things tech, then Droid Life is for you. Follow Us Facebook Google+ YouTube Twitter Subscribe © DRD Life Inc. About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Handcrafted by Coulee Creative.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money The Hardest Part Of Investing Is Doing Nothing Early Retirement Is Not For Everyone This Flowchart Helps You Decide If That Impulse Purchase Is A Good Idea [Infographic] Ratehacker: February's Best Credit Card, Savings Account And Home Loan Deals Home Research Suggests High School Students Shouldn't Work More Than 15 Hours A Week Keep Your Beer Away From Light To Avoid That 'Skunked' Flavour Make This Mediterranean Spice Blend And Use It On Everything  Will It Sous Vide? Juicy, Cheese-Filled Burgers Entertainment 12 Games To Test Your New PC The Bedroom Jams Playlist YouTube Go Downloads Videos For Offline Viewing, Saves Your Data Plan Steam Cleaner Cleans Up Duplicate And Leftover Files From Steam, Uplay And GoG Galaxy Travel Pack 'Outfit Rolls' For A Smoother Family Holiday How Thieves Can Bypass Luggage Locks And What You Can Do Eightydays Helps Plan Your Multi-City Trip The Most And Least Expensive US States For Short-Term Holiday Rentals Health Build Your Own Parallettes For Advanced Upper Body And Ab Exercises At Home Overcome Your Anxiety By Having An 'Anxious Routine' To Break Out Of It Scientists Discover The Ideal Dance Moves For Women Is It Normal To Have Painful Periods? Design Make Your Own Cake Knife With Scrap Wood Make A Small DIY Photography Studio With Household Objects Comic Sans: The Unloved Typface Ask LH: What Is A Good Camera For A High School Student? Work Productivity BREAKING: Sydney Power Outage Caused By Freak Heatwave Make Your Own iPhone And Apple Watch Charging Dock Out Of Block Of Wood How To Stop Your Hands Sweating While Playing Video Games In Extreme Heat Level-Up Your Microsoft Office Skills With These Training Roadmaps Communicate This Is How Much The NBN Spends To Hook Up Your House 'I've Tested Over 3000 Apps. These Are The Ones I Like Best.' Give Your Kids Control Of Your Phone This Weekend Ask LH: How Can I Swap Email Addresses With All My Contacts? Organise Automatically Clean Out Dead Bookmarks In Firefox And Chrome YouTube Roundup: Trial By Lego, Legendary Paper Plane, Resident Evil Legend Enhanced History Gives You Complete Search, Filters And Tags For Your Browser History Give Your Virtual Windows Desktops A Name With This AutoHotkey Script Career Can You Sue Someone For Giving You A Bad Reference? Deals: This Training Will Make You A Master Of Microsoft Office Five Things Your Boss Might Think If You 'Chuck A Sickie' This Friday Five Rules For Reaching Out To An Old Job Reference Business Travel Dealhacker: Save Up To 40 Per Cent On Virgin Business Class Seats This Weekend Pack Dried Oatmeal For A Filling, Quick In-Flight Meal Cheap US Hotels: When To Visit US Cities For Lower Hotel Rates Noise-Cancelling Headphone Faceoff: Sony MDR-1000X Vs B&O Play H9 Security WhatsApp Now Supports Two-Step Verification, Here's How To Turn It On It Takes Less Than Five Seconds To Get Past The Government's Anti-Piracy Site Blocks How Companies Use Your Data Even When You're Not Logged In Is It Legal To Stream Televised Content On Facebook Live? Small Business & Startups How I Succeeded: Adobe's Chris Skelton How Businesses Can Prepare For A Heatwave Elevator Pitch: Mad Paws How I Succeeded: Social Playground's Annabelle Smith IT Pro Cloud Microsoft Azure Cuts Prices On Virtual Machines And Cloud Storage In Australia Google G Suite Adds Security Features For Enterprise Administrators Slack Enterprise Grid Aims To Connect Small Teams In Large Organisations Dropbox Adds New Collaboration Features, Brings Paper Out Of Beta IT Career Ask What Set Previous Employees Apart To Get A Better Idea Of What The Role Entails Focus On The Future When Talking About A Job You Hate 'To Get A Yes, Expect A No' Killer Interview Question: What Was Your Claim To Fame In Your Previous Role? IT Security Smartphone Security: Pins, Patterns, Passwords Or Fingerprints? Phishing Attacks Had A Big Year In 2016, But Exploit Kits Will Make A Comeback In 2017 Hacker Gets Into 150,000 Exposed Printers And Makes Them Spit Out Funny Messages Many Popular Printers Have Numerous Security Vulnerabilities: Report Developer Don't Waste Money On Intel's Top Processor Deals: Learn The Ins And Outs Of Game Development With This Training Program Dev-Books Is A Massive Collection Of The Most Recommended Coding And Programming Books Tim Sweeney: 'Windows Cloud Is Ransomware' Deployment Why Microsoft Releases 'New' Drivers Dated In The Distant Past Android Lost Market Share In Australia Late Last Year Here's What's New In Windows 10 Build 15031 For Insiders Quitting Your Job Doesn't Mean You're Too Weak To Handle It Servers The Hard Drives Most (and Least) Likely To Fail, According To Backblaze Oracle Is Starting To Fine Customers Who Thought They Were Using Free Java Software Server Down: What Caused The ATO System Crash? ATO Website Crash: One Petabyte Of Data Lost Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers What I Learned Doing Push-Ups Every Day For A Month How To Protect Your Cats Against Sydney's FPV Outbreak 8 Ways To Make Your Favourite Websites Run Faster Ask LH: What Are The Laws For Flying Drones In Australia? Open GApps Can Now Enable Google Assistant On Your Custom ROM Eric Ravenscraft Feb 7, 2017, 7:30am ⋅ Filed to:  android custom roms google google assistant rom root Share Android: Most custom ROMs don't come with Google apps pre-installed for legal reasons. Open GApps helps you install them on a new ROM, and now it can also turn on Google Assistant for you. Getting Google Assistant on a non-Pixel phone is a relatively straightforward affair already, but it's a little inconvenient. If you're using a custom ROM, you can now select an optional toggle that will modify your build.prop file for you. It's not the easiest method if you want to keep the stock ROM that came on your phone, but if you're already using a custom ROM, it's a convenient new feature. Open GApps Adds Option to Enable Google Assistant During Installation [XDA] Also on Lifehacker Planhacker: How To Fill Your Phone With Cheap Data Australian Open 2017: Play Schedule And Opening Matches NBN's New Speed Names Explained Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log in Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Foxtel Loses Millions After Shutting Down Presto Spandas Lui 10 Feb 2017 12:30 PM $27 million net loss and a value write-down of $297 million. Losses were blamed on Foxtel's decision to turf Presto last year and increasing competition in the pay-TV space. Here are the details. 12 Games To Test Your New PC Alex Walker 11 Feb 2017 4:00 PM Congratulations - you've just built your first gaming PC. Or maybe you're like Cecilia and you've just bought your first pre-built rig. Either way, you've got some fresh new hardware and now it's time to put it through its paces. Question is, what should you play? Here's 12 games to put a new gaming PC through its paces. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn The Ins And Outs Of Game Development With This Training Program Dealhacker: Save Up To 40 Per Cent On Virgin Business Class Seats This Weekend Deals: Become A UI/UX Designer With This 8 Course Training Bundle Deals: Ditch The Wires With These Magnetic Wireless Headphones Trending Articles 1 Foxtel Loses Millions After Shutting Down Presto 2 12 Games To Test Your New PC 3 The Entire Field Of Mathematics, Summarised In One Map 4 This Is How Much The NBN Spends To Hook Up Your House 5 What I Learned Doing Push-Ups Every Day For A Month You Can Now Open Castle Grayskull, Or Your Front Door, Using He-Man's Power Sword The New Halloween Will Take Place After The First Two This One Weird Face Trick Helps Sailfish Wreck The Crap Out Of Prey This Is How Lame You Look Trying To Be Cool Online In Japan, A Service For Video Game Coaches To Come To Your House Overwatch Voice Actor: Mercy + Genji Would Be 'Hot As F**k' Steve Rogers' Supervillainy Will No Longer Be A Secret In Secret Empire Why Valve Loves Making PC Games 12 Games To Test Your New PC Why Microsoft Releases 'New' Drivers Dated In The Distant Past Pack 'Outfit Rolls' For A Smoother Family Holiday Automatically Clean Out Dead Bookmarks In Firefox And Chrome US immigration agents arrest hundreds in surprise nationwide sweep This tiny device can record everything you say and transcribe it for you There are still 5 good reasons to use a desktop computer I stayed in a tiny house, and it made me want to throw out everything I own © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Here’s How Daily Commuters Can Save More Time Using Google Maps – Fortune Posted on February 6, 2017 by Fortune Google introduced an update to its Maps app for Android on Monday that is aimed squarely at the daily commuter—and not just those who drive. A new information box at the bottom of app home screen lets users access three tabs: places, driving, and transit. Google Maps on Android gets a new design with quick access to commuting informationThe Verge Google Maps invades your home screenCNET Google Maps update puts commute info a tap awayZDNet Digital Trends -9to5Google -Ubergizmo -VentureBeat all 36 news articles …read more wrote 26466 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Google’s secret, billion-dollar Magic Leap prototype leaked – Deccan Chronicle Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality’s Potential (Again) – Nasdaq Marck Zuckerburg Shows The Oculus VR New Virtual Reality Gloves – Mobile & Apps Leaks Reveal Note 7 Debacle Has Made Galaxy S8 Worse – Tech Times Steam Direct is better than Greenlight, but the size of its fee will make or break it – PC Gamer Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Google Tech Google now allows AMP users to share the original URL of an article The company opens a window after closing all the doors by Sean O'Kane@sokane1 Feb 6, 2017, 3:16pm EST share tweet Linkedin Google just announced a small but important user experience change to its Accelerated Mobile Pages platform, or AMP. The company explained in a blog post today that it will start allowing users to copy or share an AMP article’s source link instead of the Google-specific URL. Until now, the service, which offers up more simplified and less data-intensive versions of publishers’ articles, had basically made this impossible. “Many users have requested a way to access, copy, and share the canonical URL of a document,” writes Alex Fischer, a Google software engineer. The company is granting that request starting today on iOS (in both Chrome and the Google app) in the form of a small link icon at the top of each AMP article. Users just have to tap that icon to reveal the original URL, and from there they can either copy the link or tap it again to go straight to the source article. Android will support the new feature “in the coming weeks,” according to Fischer. Fischer says that the change isn’t just about usability. “URLs and origins represent, to some extent, trust and ownership of content,” he writes. AMP (and Facebook’s Instant Articles platform) has always been a trade-off for publishers. AMP offers better usability — faster loading speeds, simpler design — and visibility (AMP results now dominate the Google News carousel). But those positives have come at a price, namely extra work on the publisher’s end and an increase in the likelihood that a reader won’t ever make it back to the publisher’s website. Today’s change tips that scale back. More From The Verge The Hawai’ian volcano that created a spectacular firehose of lava just collapsed Apple, Facebook, Google, and 94 others file opposition to Trump's immigration ban Google’s Super Bowl ad accidentally set off a lot of Google Homes Lady Gaga opened her Super Bowl performance with a protest anthem Trump is turning Elon Musk into a crony capitalist Why the sounds of eating make some people so angry Now Trending Congressman is righteously booed after dodging a young girl’s simple question about science Android’s convenient Instant Tethering is now rolling out to Pixel and Nexus devices This Article has a component height of 3. The sidebar size is short. The Latest Circuit Breaker Tech Augmented Reality First photo of Magic Leap prototype leaks by Nick Statt@nickstatt Magic Leap, a secretive augmented reality startup, is not so secretive these days. An image of a prototype device was just leaked to Business Insider, which says the source referred to the device as "PEQ0,” a stand-in derived from an internal... New, 20 comments Microsoft Tech Amazon See how old Amazon’s AI thinks you are by Nick Statt@nickstatt Amazon’s latest artificial intelligence tool is a piece of image recognition software that can learn to guess a human’s age. The feature is powered by Amazon’s Rekognition platform, which is a developer toolkit that exists as part of the company’s... New, 4 comments Policy & Law US & World Tech Russia reportedly considering sending Snowden back to US as a ‘gift’ to Trump by Nick Statt@nickstatt Russian officials have discussed the possibility of extraditing whistleblower Edward Snowden to the US as a way to improve political relations with President Trump, according to NBC News. The report cites an unnamed US official who has analyzed... New, 25 comments Movie Review Entertainment Film John Wick: Chapter 2 recaptures the original’s style, but with fewer surprises by Tasha Robinson Here’s the important thing about John Wick: Chapter 2: it’s a grim, brutal, airless action film full of doggy reaction shots. The original 2014 John Wick was a surprise hit about an unstoppable assassin who’s dragged out of retirement for a few... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Gadgets Tech The LG Watch Sport and Watch Style are now available to order by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman Google officially launched Android Wear 2.0 this week with the LG Watch Sport and Watch Style. They’re both now available to order through the Google Store, although the titanium version of the Sport already appears to have sold out. Best Buy is... New, 1 comment Apple Tech Virtual Reality Tim Cook says augmented reality is ‘a big idea like the smartphone’ by Nick Statt@nickstatt It’s no secret that Apple’s culture of secrecy forbids even the most powerful at the company from spilling details about upcoming products. But, as CEO Tim Cook has illustrated frequently in the past, there are ways to drop hints and talk around... New, 10 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Home Industry BT supports Google’s Android in European Union antitrust row BT supports Google’s Android in European Union antitrust row BT has become the first major telecoms company to back Google in a battle with EU regulators, defending the "stability and compatibility" of the Android operating system, which is in the sights of anti-trust regulators. By: Reuters | London | Published: February 7, 2017 1:56 AM The EU says Google stifles competition by forcing smartphone makers to pre-install its search function and browser to access its other apps, such as Google Play, on Android. (Reuters) BT has become the first major telecoms company to back Google in a battle with EU regulators, defending the “stability and compatibility” of the Android operating system, which is in the sights of anti-trust regulators. The EU says Google stifles competition by forcing smartphone makers to pre-install its search function and browser to access its other apps, such as Google Play, on Android. EU regulators were already investigating the U.S. company over the promotion of its own shopping service in its search engine before they opened a second front last year. “We can confirm that our legal team has written to the European Commission regarding their investigation,” said a spokesman for BT. “We told them BT is free to pre-install its own or third party apps on devices alongside pre-loaded Google apps.” It was not clear why BT, which bought the EE mobile phone brand last year, had decided to go public on its position. The EC has said that Google keeps a grip on the development of Android, which is an open source system, by requiring phone manufacturers to agree not to sell devices running on modified versions if they wanted to pre-install Google apps. Critics claim Google is stifling innovation and the development of competing platforms, but BT said tight control over the platform was a positive not a negative. “We also said that, as an app provider, we value the ongoing stability and compatibility of operating systems, whether they are ‘open source’ or ‘closed source’,” the spokesman said. Also Watch: Google has said the Android system carefully balances the interests of users, developers, hardware makers and mobile network operators. “Android hasn’t hurt competition, it’s expanded it,” the company’s lawyers said in November. The company has also said the case is based on a flawed premise because it does not see Apple’s operating system as a rival to Android. Please Wait while comments are loading... Budget 2017 Union Budget 2017 provides leeway to increase power demand, wanting in tackling stressed assets: Experts Union Budget 2017 - income tax rates: Here's what the new 10% surcharge will cost the super-rich Rs 2,349.79 crore deficit budget presented in Assam Assembly Union Budget 2017-18 focuses on wider tax compliance, says ClearTax Here's how you can save more income tax after the announcement made by FM in the current Budget Trending Now Sinister intentions cannot harm us: V K Sasikala Uttarakhand: Harish Rawat cries foul over helicopter search Train derails near Sacramento, no one injured All finance ministers have perpetual desire for lower rate: FM Arun Jaitley AIADMK Lok Sabha MPs join O Panneerselvam camp UP Election: BJP MP Sanjeev Balyan casts vote in Muzaffarnagar Puduchery government seeks Central relief of Rs 100 crores for drought relief West Bengal BJP gets hands on training in Uttar Pradesh election Donald Trump says he might give travel ban a tweak or a makeover UP Election 2017: Congress common minimum programme focuses on employment, Dalits Pakistan Senate committee dissatisfied over government’s attitude on CPEC  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Budget 2017 News जयति घोष का आकलन: नरेंद्र मोदी सरकार ने अपने ही फैसलों से इस बजट को बना ल‍िया है सबसे मुश्‍क‍िल आर्थिक समीक्षा में भूमि, रीयल एस्टेट को जीएसटी के दायरे में लाने पर जोर बजट 2017: जानिए क्या होता है आर्थिक सर्वेक्षण और क्यों इसे पेश करना है जरूरी... बजट 2017: इन बातों का ध्‍यान रख कम टैक्‍स से पब्लिक को खुश कर अरुण जेटली जुटा सकते हैं पैसा Assembly Elections 2017 News UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: नई विधानसभा बनने से क्षेत्र में पहुंची है विकास की साइकिल लेकिन दलितों-किसानों की स्थिति में बदलाव नहीं UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: मुस्लिम इलाकों में पहुंची है विकास की साइकिल लेकिन दलितों तक नहीं UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: अखिलेश यादव और राहुल गांधी दिखा रहे हैं 'दोस्ताना' लेकिन इस सीट पर सपा और कांग्रेस हैं आमने-सामने Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Union Budget 2017 Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 LG G6 Galaxy S8 Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: NetEase might bring Google’s Play Store back to China Newsby Brian Reigh5 days ago 13 324 5 The Information reports that according to “two people familiar with the discussions,” NetEase, a Chinese Internet technology company, is seeking a joint venture with Google to bring back the Play Store to China. Whether this will materialize remains to be seen, but if it does, the return of the Play Store could mean all sorts of opportunities for developers. See also: Does Google need to return to China? It’s complicated. April 17, 2015 You may remember that back in 2010, Google officially left the Chinese market after a bit of a dramatic episode: Google refused to use censorship in its search results, redirected users to Hong Kong, and the Chinese government put a restriction on Google’s HK website. And ever since, despite the fact that Android has dominated the world’s largest smartphone market, Google’s very own Play Store was absent from many of the phones sold there. Well, that might change soon. Might. The latest report suggests that China’s one of the biggest Internet brands has reached out to Google to form a joint venture to re-launch the store in China. Mind you, just like previous rumors of Google’s comeback, this is just another attempt that might fall through at any moment. But it looks like both Google and the Chinese government are feeling immense pressure to make it work. China’s involvement in the WTO and its emergence in the global economy as a late liberalizer have put the nation’s government in a difficult position: it essentially drove out Google six years ago, but both external and internal factors say this must change. Google, I am assuming, is in a similar situation. China’s heavy censorship and problematic cyber policies go against the company’s values, but China has emerged as the world’s largest smartphone market and will stay that way for quite some time now. And after all, with companies like Huawei and Xiaomi, its relations with Chinese tech companies have shifted dramatically in the past five years or so. So if this joint venture works out, who benefits from it? A lot of people actually. Users in China, for one, will have greater access to a wider range of apps. Developers outside China will finally be able to enter this huge market. Whether Xi Jinping will be able to further the structural reforms that Deng put in place and whether his government and Google will see eye-to-eye on the new proposal by NetEase remain to be seen. Whether Xi Jinping will be able to further the structural reforms that Deng put in place and whether his government and Google will see eye-to-eye on the new proposal by NetEase remain to be seen. What are your thoughts on China’s censorship? Would this joint venture affect you? Let us know by leaving a comment below! News Google Play Store, China, NetEase China, Google Play Store, NetEase  The Information Brian Reigh Brian Reigh is a contributor at Android Authority, covering all Android-related news. He has always been passionate about technology, especially mobile technology. He is currently a student at Dartmouth College in Hanover, NH. Show 13 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 6 days ago58 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News Leaked logo suggests the larger Samsung Galaxy S8 will be dubbed S8+ 6 hours ago Have fun and join the Google Home block party events in LA and NYC 8 hours ago 10 best apps for hookups and getting laid 10 hours ago Google Play Services rolling out Instant Tethering mobile hotspot feature 10 hours ago Sprint deals – Sprint offering its $90 a month unlimited plan for up to... 10 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land AdWords Auctions Here's how Google's own ads impact bids & pricing AMP Change Google makes it easier to share publishers' real URLs Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Local Get the latest news in local search marketing each week. SUBSCRIBE The future of paid voice search and monetizing the map Ads are coming to voice search sooner than you think. Columnist Brian Smith discusses what this might mean for local businesses, as well as SEO and SEM professionals. Brian Smith on February 3, 2017 at 10:15 am More Last year, Google introduced local search ads and promoted pins to wring a few extra dollars out of Maps. By extra, I mean potentially an additional $1.5 billion in 2017 alone. Maps inherently have local intent; local intent has a high likelihood for conversion. No surprises there. But ads run counter to a quality user experience. We as advertisers can perform all the mental gymnastics we want, but the truth is, ads are a nuisance. Especially on maps. When you’re looking for a location, the last thing you want to see is a map resembling a pincushion or a shotgun’s scatter pattern. Striking the right balance between organic and paid listings is critical. Unfortunately, as the screen size shrinks, the challenge of balancing paid and organic gets magnified on the map. On desktop, there aren’t so many paid ads that you can’t find organic listings. In fact, it’s almost a happy compromise. You get to use Google’s mapping services for free; Google gets to turn a profit. Fair deal. With mobile devices, populating local searches with ads becomes less user-friendly. Paid ads shove organic listings toward irrelevancy, and small businesses can’t always afford to pay for those critical ad spots. Still, it’s workable. But voice search is becoming a fundamental aspect of local search. And voice search tends to eliminate the screen entirely. This creates two problems. One, how do Google, Microsoft and Amazon display a map without a screen? And two, how do they make money off the map if you can’t see it? Problems with visualizing the map When it comes to general knowledge queries, you can get by without a screen. Ask a search engine what’s the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow, and it will simply tell you the answer (assuming you’ve specified African or European). But the visual component of a map is rather critical. Sure, Google will read us directions when we’re driving, and we function (more or less) without looking at the map on our phones. But this is after we’ve made a decision to go somewhere, not before it. When you conduct a voice search for nearby restaurants, it’s difficult to choose a location if there’s nothing visual to look at. This is the problem with in-home digital assistants like Google Home and Amazon Alexa. Are we just supposed to wait patiently while the digital assistant reads us a laundry list of 10 nearby locations before deciding? Doubt it. Are we simply going to trust the one location the digital assistant serves up? Probably not — even if someday that’s possible. With Big Data and predictive analysis, search engines will get pretty darn good at serving optimized search results for each user. On the surface, this seems like a great way to winnow down the number of search results. Only there’s a problem. Google and the others don’t rely on you picking the best answer; they rely on you picking the paid answer. Once you get to a certain point, providing optimized organic results runs counter to the business models of these companies. So that brings us to the real question: How will Google, Amazon and the others make money from paid voice search? Problems with paid voice search The problem with selling ads through voice search, whether they have local intent or not, is that it erodes user trust. If the only answer Amazon Alexa provides is an ad, why would you trust any of its search results? Granted, no search engine would be foolish enough to go this extreme route. But even if you’re giving only one paid answer to every three organic results, it’s no longer easy to ignore those paid results with voice search. With a screen, your eye can skip right over those ads in a matter of milliseconds. But with voice search, you’ll have to wait seconds to listen through an ad. Sure, we do it on YouTube and television. But we don’t like it. And we certainly won’t like it if we came to the digital assistant for a specific answer, not entertainment, and we still have to listen through an ad just to get an answer. So how will search engines solve the paid search conundrum? With a screen, of course — only a virtual one. Virtual and augmented reality — the screens of the future There’s no doubt that the brain trusts at Google, Microsoft and Facebook have been thinking about this problem for a long time. There’s a reason that all of these companies are pushing hard into virtual and augmented reality. With the exponential growth of connected devices hitting over 20 billion by the end of the decade, more users will expect to interact with their devices without a screen, fueling the rise of voice search. But we still need screens if Google and the others want to turn a profit. Otherwise, we won’t be able to rapidly process information to make our decisions. The most likely solution will be to simply project a screen in virtual and augmented reality. This will allow you to visualize the map, or any other product or service you’re considering buying, only you’ll be doing it without ever touching a mouse or a screen. In the short term, your smartphone screen will provide the same function as your future virtual screen. In the long term, expect to see augmented and virtual reality glasses to take your phone’s place. Don’t be surprised when you start seeing more products like Google Glass popping up. Other solutions to the paid voice search conundrum include selling digital assistants as a service or these companies simply choosing not to monetize voice search and the map. The first option raises huge ethical questions about who gets access to digital assistants. The second option would be asking Google and Amazon to pass up a chance to make money. Neither is a likely alternative. What should search marketers do? Ads are coming to voice search sooner than you think. Last week, Amazon already started toying with the idea of selling ads on Alexa. Still, my advice for marketers is to begin optimizing for organic voice search. In the future, organic listings won’t go away; they’ll just be harder to earn. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Brian Smith Brian Smith is the director of local solutions and resident local search expert at Placeable, a local marketing company specializing in enterprise brands. For over 12 years, Brian has been conjuring up solutions to the most vexing search problems for his clients. Responsible for all aspects of Placeable's managed services organization, Brian executes local search strategy through content marketing, data syndication management, and technical enhancements to Placeable's suite of products. When the Montana native isn’t working on ways to improve his clients' search strategies, you can find him driving his kids to various sporting events and dance practice. Related Topics Channel: LocalLocal Search ColumnSearch Engine Land on InstagramSearch FeaturesSearch Features: Search By VoiceSearch MarketingSearch Marketing: Local Search MarketingSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO: Local Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Attend The Marketing Disruptions Webinar The marketing world faces five major disruptions that are reshaping the industry. Don't get left behind! Attend this LIVE webinar on February 14 and learn how you can leverage them to your advantage. Register today! White Papers The Digital Marketer’s Guide to AI-Powered CRO Using Marketing Automation and Sales Strategy as a Foundation for Profitable Growth Website Redesign RFP: A Step-By-Step Guide To Creating An RFP For Your Website Project How to Use Live Chat to Increase Conversion Data for Retailers See More Whitepapers Webcasts Build Your Ultimate Martech Stack Intro to Agile Marketing: Work faster and smarter by changing how you work Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land AdWords Auctions Here's how Google's own ads impact bids & pricing AMP Change Google makes it easier to share publishers' real URLs Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEM No fluff - just the best news in paid search marketing every week. SUBSCRIBE When should advertisers consider pausing Google Local Inventory Ads? Retailers that sell online and in-store need to balance where to send users in their paid search efforts. Columnist Andy Taylor explores when advertisers might want to rely on local inventory versus regular product listing ads. Andy Taylor on February 3, 2017 at 10:30 am More In response to the growing popularity of searches with local intent, Google released Local Inventory Ads (LIA) a few years ago as a variation of Product Listing Ads (PLA) that include information on when a product is available at a nearby store location. Taking into account the local intent of each search query in determining when LIAs should be featured, Google can serve these units in a similar format to traditional PLAs, as well as in other LIA-specific formats, such as beneath a Google Maps display. These units are steadily becoming an important part of paid search campaigns for brands with brick-and-mortar locations, and LIA traffic increased 60 percent Y/Y in Q3 2016 for the median Merkle retailer. However, there are several situations in which advertisers may want to consider pausing LIAs, though such scenarios are all complicated and do not necessitate that LIAs be paused. 1. When store locations are closed This might seem like an obvious practice, but the decision to pause campaigns when stores are closed should come with some consideration of the longer-term impact, since users might be looking to pick a product up at a later date. However, users might also be more likely to convert online when purchasing an item that they don’t need the same day, particularly with brands that provide free shipping. Regardless, in the event that store locations are closed in recognition of a holiday or for other reasons that change typical weekly hours, advertisers might consider pausing LIAs. 2. When online deals are better than in-store prices Some retailers run online promotions which do not apply to in-store purchases, making online prices more attractive to searchers. During such promotions, it might make sense to turn LIAs off in order to ensure that searchers see the best deal featured on the SERP. 3. If in-store inventory is running low In circumstances where advertisers feel confident that they’ll move all of the inventory at a store location without LIAs, it may make sense to pause LIAs. Obviously, it’s impossible to say whether a store will be able to sell all of its inventory of every product in its feed, but specific products could be removed from the local feeds used to power LIAs in order to prevent LIAs from featuring those products that will likely sell out. This wouldn’t technically count as “pausing” LIAs, but it’s an interesting consideration nonetheless. Why advertisers might not want to pause LIAs even in these circumstances Those are some situations in which it might make sense to consider turning off LIAs for a period of time, though certainly there could be other instances as well. However, there’s also reason to leave them running even in these cases. Perhaps the most important one is that it’s becoming common for Google to feature all LIAs and no PLAs for searches that indicate local intent. For these searches, brands which don’t have active LIAs stand little chance of getting ad impressions and might be better off continuing to show LIAs, even if there are reservations such as those mentioned earlier. Most advertisers would rather reach an audience at a potentially less valuable time than not reach the audience at all. And echoing an earlier point, there’s also the possibility that users might come to the store location at a later date, or that they’d prefer to visit a store even if there is a better deal online, making any temporary issues such as store closure or better online prices less of a concern. Conclusion Searches with local intent are growing, and the success of Product Listing Ads (which accounted for 48 percent of all Google paid search clicks for Merkle retailers in Q4) has shown how popular image-based product ads are with searchers. As such, Local Inventory Ads are a no-brainer for both Google and retailers with brick-and-mortar stores in terms of providing searchers with the information they need to head to a store location. However, the question of whether LIAs drive more value for advertisers than traditional PLAs is complicated. Aside from questions of stores being open, inventory considerations and ensuring users are presented with the best deal, there’s a larger question involving the trade-off between driving in-store transactions and reducing website purchases. While Google has made significant strides towards providing advertisers with measures of the offline value driven by online ads through in-store visit and transaction tracking, these and other methods of measuring offline interactions are still imperfect and reliant on extrapolating the tracked set of users to estimate the actions of all searchers (since there’s simply no way to track the entire search population… yet). Given that LIA campaigns have lower online conversion rates than traditional PLAs, assessing profitability of these ad units and setting appropriate bids hinges on measuring the expected offline value of clicks. Thus, advertisers are still evolving how they view Local Inventory Ads and what KPIs to shoot for given the tracking available. Some use visibility metrics such as impression share targets, while others maintain the same return on ad spend goals as traditional PLAs and attempt to bake in the offline value driven by LIAs. Given these different types of goals, strategies regarding when LIAs might be paused in order to show traditional PLAs also vary from advertiser to advertiser. The debate on whether to push users to a store location or shepherd them to a website will be an important one moving forward. Brands with brick-and-mortar stores are starting to tackle that debate as it pertains to LIAs and are finding circumstances in which they’d prefer searchers end up on the website. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Andy Taylor Andy Taylor is a Senior Research Analyst at Merkle, responsible for analyzing trends across the digital marketing spectrum for best practices and industry commentary. A primary contributor to the Merkle RKGBlog, Dossier, and quarterly Digital Marketing Report, his 6+ years of experience have seen him master and provide valuable insights into topics that extend across paid search, comparison shopping engines, display advertising, SEO, and social media. Prior to digital marketing, Andy worked as an event organizer for a political campaign and dabbled in freelance writing. A graduate of the University of Virginia with a degree in Economics, he likes to spend his free time watching documentaries and selling homemade ice cream sandwiches at farmer's markets with his wife. Related Topics Channel: SEMGoogleGoogle: AdWordsGoogle: AdWords: Product Listing AdsPaid Search ColumnSearch MarketingSearch Marketing: Local Search MarketingSearch Marketing: Shopping Search Marketing Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Attend The Marketing Disruptions Webinar The marketing world faces five major disruptions that are reshaping the industry. Don't get left behind! Attend this LIVE webinar on February 14 and learn how you can leverage them to your advantage. Register today! White Papers The Digital Marketer’s Guide to AI-Powered CRO Using Marketing Automation and Sales Strategy as a Foundation for Profitable Growth Website Redesign RFP: A Step-By-Step Guide To Creating An RFP For Your Website Project How to Use Live Chat to Increase Conversion Data for Retailers See More Whitepapers Webcasts Build Your Ultimate Martech Stack Intro to Agile Marketing: Work faster and smarter by changing how you work Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio Small Biz Startups Entrepreneurship SME Sector Policy & Trends Marketing-Branding BrandingMarketing Legal Money SME Listings More HR-LeadershipLeadershipPeopleSecurity-TechTechnologySecuritySmall Biz (USA)E-LearningBusinessData SciencesPersonal Development ET Home›Small Biz›Startups 04:05 PM | 10 Febmarket stats SENSEX 28,3344.55 NIFTY 50 8,79415.15 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,190101.00 USD/INR 66.880.03 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex, Nifty50 end flat after choppy trade; TCS, Infosys surge 2% each Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Uber hires NASA expert to manufacture flying cars By Bloomberg | Updated: Feb 07, 2017, 11.00 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » vertipots | riders | place | NASA | Larry Page | Google | Flying cars Uber envisions people taking conventional Ubers from their homes to nearby ‘vertiports’, air taxies. Then they would zoom up into the air and across town to the vertiport closest to their offices. Panneerselvam vs Sasikala: Who will lead Jayalalithaa's party? Track the turmoil in Tamil Nadu here SAN FRANSISCO: In 2010, an advanced aircraft engineer at NASA's Langley Research Center named Mark Moore published a white paper outlining the feasibility of electric aircrafts that could take off and land like helicopters but were smaller and quieter. The vehicles would be capable of providing a speedy alternative to the dreary morning commute. Moore's research into so-called VTOL — short for vertical takeoff and landing, or more colloquially, flying cars — inspired at least one billionaire technologist. After reading the white paper, Google co-founder Larry Page secretly started and financed two Silicon Valley startups, Zee Aero and Kitty Hawk, to develop the technology, Bloomberg Businessweek reported last summer. Now Moore is leaving the confines of the US National Aeronautics and Space Administration, where he has spent the last 30 years, to join one of Google's rivals: Uber Technologies. Moore is taking on a new role as director of engineering for aviation at the ride-hailing company, working on a flying car initiative known as Uber Elevate. "I can't think of another company in a stronger position to be the leader for this new ecosystem and make the urban electric VTOL market real," he says. Uber isn't constructing a flying car yet. In its own white paper published last October, the company laid out a radical vision for airborne commutes and identified technical challenges it said it wanted to help the nascent industry solve, like noise pollution, vehicle efficiency and limited battery life. Moore consulted on the paper and was impressed by the company's vision and potential impact. Moore acknowledged that many obstacles stand in the way, and they're not only technical. He says each flying car company would need to independently negotiate with suppliers to get prices down, and lobby regulators to certify aircrafts and relax airtraffic restrictions. But he says Uber, with its 55 million active riders, can uniquely demonstrate that there could be a massive, profitable and safe market. "If you don't have a business case that makes economic sense, than all of this is just a wild tech game and not really a wise investment," Moore says. Uber's vision is a seductive one, particularly for sci-fi fans. The company envisions people taking conventional Ubers from their homes to nearby 'vertiports' that dot residential neighborhoods. Then they would zoom up into the air and across town to the vertiport closest to their offices. ("We don't need stinking bridges!" says Moore.) These air taxis will only need ranges of between 50 to 100 miles, and Moore thinks that they can be at least partially recharged while passengers are boarding or exiting the aircraft. He also predicts we'll see several wellengineered flying cars in the next one to three years and that there will be human pilots, at least managing the onboard computers, for the foreseeable future. His move to Uber is a risky one. Moore says he's leaving NASA one year before he's eligible for retirement and walking away from a significant percentage of his pension and free health care for life "to be in the right place at the right time to make this market real." Kalanick's bet on Uber Elevate is an indication that while Silicon Valley seems on the surface to be consumed with politics and protests these days, the march into the future continues apace. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB 3/4 bed luxury residences starting Rs. 7.2 Cr The World Towers, Worli-Mumbai Toyota - Less browsing, more dancing Toyota She lost her Baby after a terrible fall! MilaapMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 'Indians will keep on working in United States' Here's how Donald Trump' win will impact India Companies moving to real-time performance appraisals From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Top 10 Low Budget Movies That Became Blockbusters Bollywood Union Astrology for life path@Spiritual fellow Samir Desai Pre-Launching Godrej Greens Pune 2/3 BHK from 40Lacs+ Godrej Pune - New Projects Buy all new Kindle 6-inch @ just $79.99 Amazon Reckitt Benckiser to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6 bn Scooter's back, with new hero on road Companies moving to real-time performance appraisals Don’t fear Donald Trump talk of reform, for now READ MORE ON » vertipots | riders | place | NASA | Larry Page | Google | Flying cars To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Snapdeal tightens belt, plans to fire 30% staff in 2 months Uber and Ola drivers go on strike in Delhi & NCR He quits again: Former Infosys CFO Rajiv Bansal now leaves Ola PeeBuddy: A female urination device is attracting plenty of supporters and trolls Flipkart, Amazon & Snapdeal come together to oppose GST provision More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive:Assembly Elections 2017|Punjab & Goa Election 2017 Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs Budget 2017|Elections 2017 Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land AdWords Auctions Here's how Google's own ads impact bids & pricing AMP Change Google makes it easier to share publishers' real URLs Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Local Get the latest news in local search marketing each week. SUBSCRIBE The future of paid voice search and monetizing the map Ads are coming to voice search sooner than you think. Columnist Brian Smith discusses what this might mean for local businesses, as well as SEO and SEM professionals. Brian Smith on February 3, 2017 at 10:15 am More Last year, Google introduced local search ads and promoted pins to wring a few extra dollars out of Maps. By extra, I mean potentially an additional $1.5 billion in 2017 alone. Maps inherently have local intent; local intent has a high likelihood for conversion. No surprises there. But ads run counter to a quality user experience. We as advertisers can perform all the mental gymnastics we want, but the truth is, ads are a nuisance. Especially on maps. When you’re looking for a location, the last thing you want to see is a map resembling a pincushion or a shotgun’s scatter pattern. Striking the right balance between organic and paid listings is critical. Unfortunately, as the screen size shrinks, the challenge of balancing paid and organic gets magnified on the map. On desktop, there aren’t so many paid ads that you can’t find organic listings. In fact, it’s almost a happy compromise. You get to use Google’s mapping services for free; Google gets to turn a profit. Fair deal. With mobile devices, populating local searches with ads becomes less user-friendly. Paid ads shove organic listings toward irrelevancy, and small businesses can’t always afford to pay for those critical ad spots. Still, it’s workable. But voice search is becoming a fundamental aspect of local search. And voice search tends to eliminate the screen entirely. This creates two problems. One, how do Google, Microsoft and Amazon display a map without a screen? And two, how do they make money off the map if you can’t see it? Problems with visualizing the map When it comes to general knowledge queries, you can get by without a screen. Ask a search engine what’s the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow, and it will simply tell you the answer (assuming you’ve specified African or European). But the visual component of a map is rather critical. Sure, Google will read us directions when we’re driving, and we function (more or less) without looking at the map on our phones. But this is after we’ve made a decision to go somewhere, not before it. When you conduct a voice search for nearby restaurants, it’s difficult to choose a location if there’s nothing visual to look at. This is the problem with in-home digital assistants like Google Home and Amazon Alexa. Are we just supposed to wait patiently while the digital assistant reads us a laundry list of 10 nearby locations before deciding? Doubt it. Are we simply going to trust the one location the digital assistant serves up? Probably not — even if someday that’s possible. With Big Data and predictive analysis, search engines will get pretty darn good at serving optimized search results for each user. On the surface, this seems like a great way to winnow down the number of search results. Only there’s a problem. Google and the others don’t rely on you picking the best answer; they rely on you picking the paid answer. Once you get to a certain point, providing optimized organic results runs counter to the business models of these companies. So that brings us to the real question: How will Google, Amazon and the others make money from paid voice search? Problems with paid voice search The problem with selling ads through voice search, whether they have local intent or not, is that it erodes user trust. If the only answer Amazon Alexa provides is an ad, why would you trust any of its search results? Granted, no search engine would be foolish enough to go this extreme route. But even if you’re giving only one paid answer to every three organic results, it’s no longer easy to ignore those paid results with voice search. With a screen, your eye can skip right over those ads in a matter of milliseconds. But with voice search, you’ll have to wait seconds to listen through an ad. Sure, we do it on YouTube and television. But we don’t like it. And we certainly won’t like it if we came to the digital assistant for a specific answer, not entertainment, and we still have to listen through an ad just to get an answer. So how will search engines solve the paid search conundrum? With a screen, of course — only a virtual one. Virtual and augmented reality — the screens of the future There’s no doubt that the brain trusts at Google, Microsoft and Facebook have been thinking about this problem for a long time. There’s a reason that all of these companies are pushing hard into virtual and augmented reality. With the exponential growth of connected devices hitting over 20 billion by the end of the decade, more users will expect to interact with their devices without a screen, fueling the rise of voice search. But we still need screens if Google and the others want to turn a profit. Otherwise, we won’t be able to rapidly process information to make our decisions. The most likely solution will be to simply project a screen in virtual and augmented reality. This will allow you to visualize the map, or any other product or service you’re considering buying, only you’ll be doing it without ever touching a mouse or a screen. In the short term, your smartphone screen will provide the same function as your future virtual screen. In the long term, expect to see augmented and virtual reality glasses to take your phone’s place. Don’t be surprised when you start seeing more products like Google Glass popping up. Other solutions to the paid voice search conundrum include selling digital assistants as a service or these companies simply choosing not to monetize voice search and the map. The first option raises huge ethical questions about who gets access to digital assistants. The second option would be asking Google and Amazon to pass up a chance to make money. Neither is a likely alternative. What should search marketers do? Ads are coming to voice search sooner than you think. Last week, Amazon already started toying with the idea of selling ads on Alexa. Still, my advice for marketers is to begin optimizing for organic voice search. In the future, organic listings won’t go away; they’ll just be harder to earn. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Brian Smith Brian Smith is the director of local solutions and resident local search expert at Placeable, a local marketing company specializing in enterprise brands. For over 12 years, Brian has been conjuring up solutions to the most vexing search problems for his clients. Responsible for all aspects of Placeable's managed services organization, Brian executes local search strategy through content marketing, data syndication management, and technical enhancements to Placeable's suite of products. When the Montana native isn’t working on ways to improve his clients' search strategies, you can find him driving his kids to various sporting events and dance practice. Related Topics Channel: LocalLocal Search ColumnSearch Engine Land on InstagramSearch FeaturesSearch Features: Search By VoiceSearch MarketingSearch Marketing: Local Search MarketingSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO: Local Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Attend The Marketing Disruptions Webinar The marketing world faces five major disruptions that are reshaping the industry. Don't get left behind! Attend this LIVE webinar on February 14 and learn how you can leverage them to your advantage. Register today! White Papers The Digital Marketer’s Guide to AI-Powered CRO Using Marketing Automation and Sales Strategy as a Foundation for Profitable Growth Website Redesign RFP: A Step-By-Step Guide To Creating An RFP For Your Website Project How to Use Live Chat to Increase Conversion Data for Retailers See More Whitepapers Webcasts Build Your Ultimate Martech Stack Intro to Agile Marketing: Work faster and smarter by changing how you work Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Law & Disorder — Maybe the US does have the right to seize data from the world’s servers Until Supreme Court resolves this, we'll likely see many conflicting rulings. David Kravets - Feb 6, 2017 7:45 pm UTC Enlarge Thomas Trutschel/Getty Images reader comments 108 Share this story Can the US government demand that it be able to reach into the world's servers with the tech sector's assistance? International relations issues aside, the answer to that legally thorny question depends on which US court is asked. Consider that a federal magistrate judge in Philadelphia answered that question Friday in the affirmative, ordering Google to comply with US warrants and transfer e-mail stored overseas to the US so the FBI could examine it as part of a criminal probe. Yet just two weeks ago, a New York-based federal appeals court let stand its highly publicized July decision that allowed Microsoft to quash a US court warrant for e-mail stored on its servers in Dublin, Ireland. Further ReadingCourt ruling stands: US has no right to seize data from world’s servers In response to that NY appellate court ruling, the Justice Department said it was "considering our options" on whether to appeal the 2nd US Circuit Court of Appeals' decision to the Supreme Court. And in response to the Philadelphia magistrate's decision, Google said, "The magistrate in this case departed from precedent, and we plan to appeal the decision. We will continue to push back on overbroad warrants." What all of this means is that current law on the US government's legal right to reach into the world's servers is vague at best. It also shows that the US government, despite the appeals court ruling, is still pursuing overseas data, but it's doing so in judicial districts that don't have to comport with the 2nd Circuit's ruling. In that latest Philadelphia ruling, the issue concerned e-mails that were all sent within the US. Google forwarded relevant data on its US-based servers to the FBI. However, Google moves data around the world to optimize performance, and the company refused to turn over other e-mails because of where the data was stored. Google argued that it legally complied, because warrants may only lawfully reach "data stored within the United States." While Google cited the 2nd Circuit's opinion, Magistrate Thomas Rueter said he was not obligated to follow that precedent. Rueter noted that prior to the 2nd Circuit's opinion, Google had "routinely complied with federal courts' search warrants which commanded the production of user data stored on Google servers located outside the United States." Further ReadingUS renews fight for the right to seize content from the world’s servers Magistrate Rueter departed from the 2nd Circuit decision and said the data wasn't really being seized overseas because "the searches of the electronic data disclosed by Google pursuant to the warrants will occur in the United States when the FBI reviews the copies of the requested data in Pennsylvania." The 2nd Circuit, however, had ruled that a federal warrant doesn't apply to data stored beyond US borders. "This court agrees with the Second Circuit’s reliance upon Fourth Amendment principles but respectfully disagrees with the Second Circuit’s analysis regarding the location of the seizure and the invasion of privacy," Rueter ruled. That means the privacy invasion will be in the US, and the warrant authorized it, the magistrate noted. Until the Supreme Court resolves the issue, we're likely to see a flood of conflicting rulings on the issue. As an aside, Magistrate Rueter noted in his opinion that Google each year receives "over 25,000" requests from federal, state, and local entities "seeking the disclosure of user data in criminal matters." David Kravets The senior editor for Ars Technica. Founder of TYDN fake news site. Technologist. Political scientist. Humorist. Dad of two boys. Been doing journalism for so long I remember manual typewriters with real paper. Email david.kravets@arstechnica.com // Twitter @dmkravets reader comments 108 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land AdWords Auctions Here's how Google's own ads impact bids & pricing AMP Change Google makes it easier to share publishers' real URLs Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEM No fluff - just the best news in paid search marketing every week. SUBSCRIBE When should advertisers consider pausing Google Local Inventory Ads? Retailers that sell online and in-store need to balance where to send users in their paid search efforts. Columnist Andy Taylor explores when advertisers might want to rely on local inventory versus regular product listing ads. Andy Taylor on February 3, 2017 at 10:30 am More In response to the growing popularity of searches with local intent, Google released Local Inventory Ads (LIA) a few years ago as a variation of Product Listing Ads (PLA) that include information on when a product is available at a nearby store location. Taking into account the local intent of each search query in determining when LIAs should be featured, Google can serve these units in a similar format to traditional PLAs, as well as in other LIA-specific formats, such as beneath a Google Maps display. These units are steadily becoming an important part of paid search campaigns for brands with brick-and-mortar locations, and LIA traffic increased 60 percent Y/Y in Q3 2016 for the median Merkle retailer. However, there are several situations in which advertisers may want to consider pausing LIAs, though such scenarios are all complicated and do not necessitate that LIAs be paused. 1. When store locations are closed This might seem like an obvious practice, but the decision to pause campaigns when stores are closed should come with some consideration of the longer-term impact, since users might be looking to pick a product up at a later date. However, users might also be more likely to convert online when purchasing an item that they don’t need the same day, particularly with brands that provide free shipping. Regardless, in the event that store locations are closed in recognition of a holiday or for other reasons that change typical weekly hours, advertisers might consider pausing LIAs. 2. When online deals are better than in-store prices Some retailers run online promotions which do not apply to in-store purchases, making online prices more attractive to searchers. During such promotions, it might make sense to turn LIAs off in order to ensure that searchers see the best deal featured on the SERP. 3. If in-store inventory is running low In circumstances where advertisers feel confident that they’ll move all of the inventory at a store location without LIAs, it may make sense to pause LIAs. Obviously, it’s impossible to say whether a store will be able to sell all of its inventory of every product in its feed, but specific products could be removed from the local feeds used to power LIAs in order to prevent LIAs from featuring those products that will likely sell out. This wouldn’t technically count as “pausing” LIAs, but it’s an interesting consideration nonetheless. Why advertisers might not want to pause LIAs even in these circumstances Those are some situations in which it might make sense to consider turning off LIAs for a period of time, though certainly there could be other instances as well. However, there’s also reason to leave them running even in these cases. Perhaps the most important one is that it’s becoming common for Google to feature all LIAs and no PLAs for searches that indicate local intent. For these searches, brands which don’t have active LIAs stand little chance of getting ad impressions and might be better off continuing to show LIAs, even if there are reservations such as those mentioned earlier. Most advertisers would rather reach an audience at a potentially less valuable time than not reach the audience at all. And echoing an earlier point, there’s also the possibility that users might come to the store location at a later date, or that they’d prefer to visit a store even if there is a better deal online, making any temporary issues such as store closure or better online prices less of a concern. Conclusion Searches with local intent are growing, and the success of Product Listing Ads (which accounted for 48 percent of all Google paid search clicks for Merkle retailers in Q4) has shown how popular image-based product ads are with searchers. As such, Local Inventory Ads are a no-brainer for both Google and retailers with brick-and-mortar stores in terms of providing searchers with the information they need to head to a store location. However, the question of whether LIAs drive more value for advertisers than traditional PLAs is complicated. Aside from questions of stores being open, inventory considerations and ensuring users are presented with the best deal, there’s a larger question involving the trade-off between driving in-store transactions and reducing website purchases. While Google has made significant strides towards providing advertisers with measures of the offline value driven by online ads through in-store visit and transaction tracking, these and other methods of measuring offline interactions are still imperfect and reliant on extrapolating the tracked set of users to estimate the actions of all searchers (since there’s simply no way to track the entire search population… yet). Given that LIA campaigns have lower online conversion rates than traditional PLAs, assessing profitability of these ad units and setting appropriate bids hinges on measuring the expected offline value of clicks. Thus, advertisers are still evolving how they view Local Inventory Ads and what KPIs to shoot for given the tracking available. Some use visibility metrics such as impression share targets, while others maintain the same return on ad spend goals as traditional PLAs and attempt to bake in the offline value driven by LIAs. Given these different types of goals, strategies regarding when LIAs might be paused in order to show traditional PLAs also vary from advertiser to advertiser. The debate on whether to push users to a store location or shepherd them to a website will be an important one moving forward. Brands with brick-and-mortar stores are starting to tackle that debate as it pertains to LIAs and are finding circumstances in which they’d prefer searchers end up on the website. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Andy Taylor Andy Taylor is a Senior Research Analyst at Merkle, responsible for analyzing trends across the digital marketing spectrum for best practices and industry commentary. A primary contributor to the Merkle RKGBlog, Dossier, and quarterly Digital Marketing Report, his 6+ years of experience have seen him master and provide valuable insights into topics that extend across paid search, comparison shopping engines, display advertising, SEO, and social media. Prior to digital marketing, Andy worked as an event organizer for a political campaign and dabbled in freelance writing. A graduate of the University of Virginia with a degree in Economics, he likes to spend his free time watching documentaries and selling homemade ice cream sandwiches at farmer's markets with his wife. Related Topics Channel: SEMGoogleGoogle: AdWordsGoogle: AdWords: Product Listing AdsPaid Search ColumnSearch MarketingSearch Marketing: Local Search MarketingSearch Marketing: Shopping Search Marketing Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Attend The Marketing Disruptions Webinar The marketing world faces five major disruptions that are reshaping the industry. Don't get left behind! Attend this LIVE webinar on February 14 and learn how you can leverage them to your advantage. Register today! White Papers The Digital Marketer’s Guide to AI-Powered CRO Using Marketing Automation and Sales Strategy as a Foundation for Profitable Growth Website Redesign RFP: A Step-By-Step Guide To Creating An RFP For Your Website Project How to Use Live Chat to Increase Conversion Data for Retailers See More Whitepapers Webcasts Build Your Ultimate Martech Stack Intro to Agile Marketing: Work faster and smarter by changing how you work Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Top Stories  • Video •  Live TV new Staff Stories Most Popular Front Page News All Latest One News Page > News Videos > Tech Leaders Condemn Trump's Immigrant Ban Tech Leaders Condemn Trump's Immigrant Ban Duration: 01:16s - Published: 2 weeks ago< > Embed Donald TrumpMark ZuckerbergPeter Thiel Silicon Valley tech leaders spoke out on President Trump's immigration order, mostly with criticism. Matt Hoffman reports. 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Transcript: Tech Leaders Condemn Trump's Immigrant Ban (trump 1) Donald Trump’s executive order on immigration was condemned across Silicon Valley. (circuit board connector) The order drew criticism from the leadership of many prominent tech firms, including (bring in each logo over blurred circuit board background until all logos are onscreen) Google, Apple, Microsoft, Facebook, Twitter, Netflix, AirBnB and Tesla. (zuckerberg post) Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg said in a Facebook post, “WE NEED TO KEEP THIS COUNTRY SAFE, BUT WE SHOULD DO THAT BY FOCUSING ON PEOPLE WHO ACTUALLY POSE A THREAT… WE SHOULD ALSO KEEP OUR DOORS OPEN TO REFUGEES AND THOSE WHO NEED HELP. THAT'S WHO WE ARE.” (pichai) According to Bloomberg, Google CEO Sundar Pichai said in a memo to employees, “IT’S PAINFUL TO SEE THE PERSONAL COST OF THIS EXECUTIVE ORDER ON OUR COLLEAGUES.” (files) Many companies offered legal aid to affected employees, and some went further. (Google 2015 logo) USA Today reports that Google set up a multi-million-dollar crisis fund for organizations such as (American Civil Liberties Union logo, ilrc) the American Civil Liberties Union and Immigrant Legal Resource Center. (Lyft logo) Ride-sharing company Lyft donated one million dollars to the ACLU. (Uber logo) Lyft competitor Uber set up a $3 million defense fund for affected drivers. (jfk :06) That was after the company was criticized for promoting its service during a taxi strike at New York’s JFK Airport. (thiel :09 freeze-frame) One notable exception in the tech community was Trump supporter and venture capitalist Peter Thiel, who insisted through a spokesperson that Trump’s order did not represent, quote, “a religious test.” For Veuer, I’m Recent related news Tech Giants Rail Against Donald Trump's Immigrant Ban In Legal Brief97 powerhouse companies, including Apple, Facebook, Google, Netflix, Twitter and Microsoft filed an... Huffington Post 4 days ago - BusinessAlso reported by •Energy Daily •ANI News •engadget •TUAW •NPR Take Note, Celebs! Angelina Jolie Comes For Donald Trump & The Immoral Muslim Ban!We love that celebrities are speaking out against Donald Trump's horrifying immigrant ban targeting... Perez Hilton 1 week ago - Celebrities 100 Evangelical Leaders Ask Trump to Reconsider Refugee BanAbout 100 evangelical leaders have taken out a full-page newspaper ad calling for President Trump to... Newsmax 2 days ago - US Reports: Apple to join with tech rivals to oppose Trump’s travel banMajor American companies, including Apple, Facebook, Google, Amazon, and Microsoft, have drafted an... Macworld 1 week ago - Computer Industry Quotable: What tech leaders say about Trump's immigration plansBetween a temporary ban on visitors from seven Muslim-majority countries and expected changes to the... bizjournals 1 week ago - Business Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft file brief opposing travel banThe technology industry showed a mostly united front Sunday as it stepped up its confrontation with... SFGate 4 days ago - BusinessAlso reported by •The Next Web Intel joins other tech firms in filing legal brief opposing Trump immigration banIntel Corp., according to a tech trade industry report, has signed onto a legal brief opposing... bizjournals 4 days ago - Business Airbnb, Twitter latest tech companies raise big money to fight Trump's travel banMoney is still coming in fast and furious to organizations that help those affected by Donald Trump's... Mashable 1 week ago - Internet You Might Like Facebook Page People Donald Trump Roddy Piper José Mourinho Jacob Zuma Ivanka Trump Current Topics Governor Mead Johnson One China Reckitt Benckiser South China Sea Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Has The LEGO Batman Movie Changed DC's Cinematic Game? Fold Up Your Glasses - 3D TV Is Dead Madonna Set To Adopt Two More Malawian Children Is Theresa May Making Fun Of Donald Trump? MOVIE REVIEW: Hidden Figures The NES Mini Has Outsold The Wii U - Time To Change The Game? MOVIE REVIEW: The LEGO Batman Movie Arnie Wants To Swap Jobs With Trump. The Donald's Not Happy About It: Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Are flying cars on the horizon? Uber hires NASA engineer to get idea off the ground Filed under Autos at 4 days ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Wire Services Connect with Wire Services Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now In 2010, an advanced aircraft engineer at NASA's Langley Research Center named Mark Moore published a white paper outlining the feasibility of electric aircraft that could take off and land like helicopters but were smaller and quieter. The vehicles would be capable of providing a speedy alternative to the dreary morning commute. Moore's research into so-called VTOL — short for vertical takeoff and landing, or more colloquially, flying cars — inspired at least one billionaire technologist. After reading the white paper, Google co-founder Larry Page secretly started and financed two Silicon Valley startups, Zee Aero and Kitty Hawk, to develop the technology, Bloomberg Businessweek reported last summer. Now, Moore is leaving the confines of NASA, where he has spent the last 30 years, to join one of Google's rivals: Uber Technologies Inc. Moore is taking on a new role as director of engineering for aviation at the ride-hailing company, working on a flying car initiative known as Uber Elevate. "I can't think of another company in a stronger position to be the leader for this new ecosystem and make the urban electric VTOL market real," he says. Uber isn't constructing a flying car yet. In its own white paper published last October, the company laid out a radical vision for airborne commutes and identified technical challenges it said it wanted to help the nascent industry solve, like noise pollution, vehicle efficiency and limited battery life. Moore consulted on the paper and was impressed by the company's vision and potential impact. Moore acknowledged that many obstacles stand in the way, and they're not only technical. He says each flying car company would need to independently negotiate with suppliers to get prices down, and lobby regulators to certify aircraft and relax air-traffic restrictions. But he says Uber, with its 55 million active riders, can uniquely demonstrate that there could be a massive, profitable and safe market. "If you don't have a business case that makes economic sense, then all of this is just a wild tech game and not really a wise investment," Moore says. Uber's vision is a seductive one, particularly for sci-fi fans. The company envisions people taking conventional Ubers from their homes to nearby "vertiports" that dot residential neighborhoods. Then they would zoom up into the air and across town to the vertiport closest to their offices. ("We don't need stinking bridges!" says Moore.) These air taxis will only need ranges of between 50 to 100 miles, and Moore thinks that they can be at least partially recharged while passengers are boarding or exiting the aircraft. He also predicts we'll see several well-engineered flying cars in the next one to three years and that there will be human pilots, at least managing the onboard computers, for the foreseeable future. His move to Uber is a risky one. Moore says he's leaving NASA one year before he's eligible for retirement and walking away from a significant percentage of his pension and free health care for life "to be in the right place at the right time to make this market real." (Though it's probably safe to say that Uber, with some $11 billion on its balance sheet, is making it worth his while.) Moore seems to be disillusioned with NASA, saying the agency is leaving promising new aviation markets to the private industry. "It's the federal government who is best positioned to overcome extremely high levels of risks," he says. While NASA is larded with layers of bureaucracy and management, Uber chief executive Travis Kalanick has been closely involved in hatching his company's flying car plans, Moore says. That is, when he's not distracted with his own political crises, such as his role on President Donald Trump's advisory council, which he relinquished last week after criticism from customers, drivers and employees. Kalanick's bet on Uber Elevate is another indication that while Silicon Valley seems on the surface to be consumed with politics and protests these days, the march into the future continues apace. — Brad Stone, Bloomberg News View Comments Tags Autos Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Startup BattlefieldWe're Accepting Applications for Startup Battlefield At Disrupt NY Apply Today Apps Crunch Report: Prince returns to Spotify Messaging app Wire now has an external audit of its e2e crypto Uncorking innovation with Treasury Wine Estates in Napa Browse more... Google Samsung’s Chromebook Pro highlights the category’s continued evolution Android Wear 2.0 is an evolutionary update to Google’s smartwatch OS LG’s Watch Style and Sport are the first two Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches Browse more... Google Maps Google wins ‘right to be forgotten’ battle in Japan A Google Maps error has turned Bangkok into a gigantic park Google Maps will now tell you how bad the parking is at your destination Browse more... Mobile Peanut is a Tinder-like app for making new mom friends Encrypted chat app Signal tests “next generation” voice and video calling Google & H&M’s Ivyrevel will make you a dress customized using your personal data Browse more... android apps Google & H&M’s Ivyrevel will make you a dress customized using your personal data WhatsApp tests real-time location sharing in its app LEGO Life is a new social network where kids can share their creations Browse more... Google Maps redesign puts traffic, transit, places and more at the bottom of the screen Posted Feb 6, 2017 by Sarah Perez (@sarahintampa) 0 SHARES Next Story Watch how Portal would work in the real world thanks to Microsoft HoloLens Google Maps is getting an upgrade today aimed at putting the information you need most often within easier reach in the app’s interface. With a swipe up from the home screen, you’ll now be able to view things like the current traffic conditions – and how that impacts your ETAs to home and work – as well as transit schedules, places to eat or drink, nearby ATMs, pharmacies, and more. The goal, explains Google via a blog post announcing the news, is to provide “helpful everyday info” in real-time, based on your current location. After swiping up on the home screen, you’ll see three new tabs for places, traffic, and transit, indicated by small icons. On the first tab, Google will present its own curated selection of restaurants and bars, organized under various categories like “best dinners,” “cheap eats,” “business dining” and other categories. Google has been developing these lists of restaurants recommendations for over a year, originally launching its restaurant suggestions in major metros like New York, San Francisco, and London back in fall 2015. They then appeared in a special “Explore” section within Google Maps. These recommendations later expanded to all markets, and now the feature has been relocated to be more easily accessible right from the Google Maps home screen. In addition to places to eat, this section will direct you to a selection of common daily destinations like ATM, drug stores, grocery stores, gas stations, and other shops. You’ll also be able to view the businesses’ images and read a short description of the neighborhood in question, says Google. The second tab will provide you real-time ETAs to home and work, if you have those addresses saved within Google Maps, and will offer a nearby traffic conditions report. There’s also a handy feature for those who just want to be kept current on the traffic, but don’t need turn-by-turn directions for the daily commute. To use this option, you can just tap “Start Driving” to go into driving mode, and Google Maps will alert you to expected delays ahead. For transit commuters, the final tab will show which bus or train to take, when the next one is arriving, and an ETA for when you arrive at home or work. If you’re going somewhere else, you can swipe down for nearby transit stations and real-time schedules. Most of the features offered in the new version of Google Maps have already existed, but this instead simplifies the app’s navigation and layout to make it quicker to tap into the various options. Google says the updated Google Maps is rolling out to Android, starting today, and didn’t comment on iOS availability. Typically, however, Android features make their way to iOS after a few weeks or months, given the company’s desire for parity between the two applications. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Google Founded 1998 Overview Google is a multinational corporation that is specialized in internet-related services and products. The company’s product portfolio includes Google Search, which provides users with access to information online; Knowledge Graph that allows users to search for things, people, or places as well as builds systems recognizing speech and understanding natural language; Google Now, which provides information … Location Mountain View, CA Categories Search Engine, Blogging Platforms, Ad Network, Collaboration, Email, Video Streaming, Software, Enterprise Software Website http://www.google.com/ Full profile for Google Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Prince Returns To Spotify | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Mobile android apps Google Maps Google Apps Popular Posts Featured Stories Prince Returns To Spotify | Crunch Report VIDEO | 2:38 | Crunch Report Carl Bass on his surprising Autodesk exit — and what’s next 13 hours ago | Connie Loizos Uncorking innovation with Treasury Wine Estates in Napa 14 hours ago | Lora Kolodny Beats X bring Apple’s wireless headphone tech to a tethered form factor 15 hours ago | Brian Heater Facebook says it will open up for independent ad audit 18 hours ago | Anthony Ha Latest From Mobile Crunch Report: Prince returns to Spotify 9 hours ago | Anthony Ha Peanut is a Tinder-like app for making new mom friends yesterday | Sarah Perez Apple’s next iPhone might cost more than $1000 thanks to OLED displays yesterday | Jordan Crook Twitter says product changes are main growth driver, not just the President’s usage yesterday | Matthew Lynley Comment moderation powered by Up Next Watch how Portal would work in the real world thanks to Microsoft HoloLens Posted Feb 6, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Data Migration Consultant at Exerp (West Palm Beach, FL, United States) Integration Consultant at Exerp (West Palm Beach, FL, United States) SENIOR ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE at Waxman Strategies (Washington, DC, United States) Senior Backend Engineer @ MeetMe at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Senior Data Engineer @ MeetMe at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Crunch Report: Prince returns to Spotify 9 hours ago by Anthony Ha Weekly Roundup: Tech companies rally against Trump’s immigration ban, Zenefits cuts workforce again 10 hours ago by Anna Escher Trump’s immigration ban is terrible for entrepreneurs 10 hours ago by Samia Bahsoun Payback’s a gift 11 hours ago by Talia Goldberg, Jeremy Levine Sen. Wyden presses for more answers as FBI responds to questions about its new FOIA system 11 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Messaging app Wire now has an external audit of its e2e crypto 12 hours ago by Natasha Lomas Cambridge is giving cancer the 3D VR treatment 13 hours ago by Devin Coldewey Carl Bass on his surprising Autodesk exit — and what’s next 13 hours ago by Connie Loizos Amazon’s Rekognition learns to guess your age 13 hours ago by John Mannes Uncorking innovation with Treasury Wine Estates in Napa 14 hours ago by Lora Kolodny
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google drops the February Android security update for Pixel and Nexus devices +8,175 Andrew Myrick Feb 6th, 2017 We knew it was coming, but now it has arrived. Google has dropped the February Android security update. Dated as 2017-02-05, Google has detailed the various changes and patches that have been fixed with this latest update. These updates are still Android 7.1.1 Nougat, as Android 7.1.2 has just hit the Developer Preview process. However, in terms of the Pixel and Pixel XL, there are two different options. One (NOF26W) of which is for users on Rogers in Canada, with the other being available for everyone else. Here are the devices eligible for the update, along with the specific build numbers: Pixel/Pixel XL – NOF26V/NOF26W Pixel C – N4F26O Nexus 6P – N4F26O/NUF26K Nexus 5X – N4F26O Nexus 6 – N6F26R Nexus Player – NMF26X Nexus 9 – N4F26Q The images are available starting today, and you can either download them yourself via the link below, or wait for the OTA to arrive on your devices. If you want to get your supported device up to date, head to the Google Developers page to download the appropriate Factory Image. Remember to follow the flashing instructions to the “T” to avoid any risks or boot loops while trying to update your device before Google starts seeding. [Google Developers | Android Security Bulletin] local_offer    Android Security Bulletins   Google   Pixel   Pixel XL   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (1) stars Further Reading LG Watch Syle and Sport now available Google and Amazon prepare to battle it out in 2017 Pixel XL is back in stock Use your Pixel to control smart home devices These are the smartwatches being updated to Android Wear 2.0 stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertHow to Pixel-ize your phone closeHow to make any Android phone look like the Pixel Features like the Pixel Launcher, round icons, new nav bar buttons, and Google Assistant are still exclusive to the Pixel phones. With just a few handy apps and some tweaking, you can get most of the Pixel features on your phone. 2 more_vertPixbar app give you Pixel-like nav buttons closePixbar app gives you Pixel-like nav buttons without root If you’ve been jealous of the fancy navigation buttons used by the Pixel and Pixel XL, you can now add them to your Android device without having to root it. The $0.99 Pixbar app on the Play Store gives you the illusion that your on-screen navigational buttons are identical to those on the Pixel phones. In … 3 more_vertGoogle's AI can enhance pixelated photos closeGoogle’s AI can “zoom and enhance” photos like crime films You ever watch one of those cool crime or detective flicks and the prosecutor comes across some footage they need a good look at? Google is making the “zoom and enhance” possible through AI. 4 more_vertSamsung to focus on Plus Galaxy S8 model closePlus model is expected to dominate Samsung Galaxy S8’s production schedule It’s said the “Plus” model of the Samsung Galaxy S8 (remember, both devices are said to be getting understated Edge displays this go around) will be eating up 70% of Samsung’s production schedule from the get go. 5 more_vertThe 64GB Soft Gold OnePlus 3T is back in stock closeThe 64GB Soft Gold OnePlus 3T is now “shipping immediately” OnePlus has confirmed that the 64GB Soft Gold OnePlus 3T is being made available for immediate shipping. 6 more_vertSamsung to begin showcasing foldable phone closeSamsung will start showing prototypes of their foldable phone later this month Samsung will be toting some prototypes of their foldable phone concept at MWC for the first time. 7 more_vertLG teases the G6's small bezels closeLG G6 press invites tease the phone’s small bezels, rounded display corners Press invites for their February 26th LG G6 event have been sent out, teasing the display’s rounded corners, what could be some pretty small bezels. 8 more_vertDEAL: Save 70% on Samsung's microSD cards closeDEAL: Save up to 70 percent on Samsung’s 32, 64 and 128GB EVO microSD cards The average price of microSD cards have come down significantly over the past year, but it still costs quite a bit if you want to double the amount of storage you have available for your smartphone. Fortunately, Amazon has heard your cries and has cut the price of the Samsung EVO microSD cards. The monstrous 256GB EVO … 9 more_vertPixel's audio issues fixed closePixel’s February security patch fixes audio issues The Pixel and Pixel XL got a bit more love in yesterday’s security patch than just security fixes. They also got a fix to one of the most annoying bugs out. 10 more_vertGalaxy S8 and S8 Plus renders surface closeAnother set of Galaxy S8 renders paint vivid pictures of what to expect We’re pretty sure we know what the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus will look like once Samsung launches them later this Spring. In case you needed an even better idea, take a gander at these new device renders. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
Don't Miss: CW@50: A look back at Y2K in cartoons 5 new threats to your personal data Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Drive cloning in Windows 10 with free tools The IT-business gap remains 10 ways tech pros can take charge of their professional development Review: Microsoft's Nano Server offers mega advantages More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Cloud Computing News Analysis What's keeping enterprises from using G Suite? Despite Google's big business push, its productivity suite has an uphill battle against Office By Blair Hanley Frank | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Feb 6, 2017 11:09 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Blair Hanley Frank More like this 4 reasons Microsoft Teams will kill Slack… and 4 reasons it won’t 2016's top trends in enterprise computing: Containers, bots, A.I. and more Google Cloud Search helps enterprise users find data quickly Video Getting a bead on tech trends for 2017 While Google has spent the past year trying to woo enterprises to its G Suite productivity apps, it’s still the underdog compared to Microsoft Office, at least among large businesses. So what’s keeping it from broader appeal? One of the biggest hurdles for Google achieving broader enterprise adoption is just the fact that the company’s products aren't identical to Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and other Microsoft Office apps, Gartner senior research analyst Joe Mariano said. "Enterprises have been ingrained in the Microsoft stack for essentially the beginning of time, it feels like," Mariano said. "[Enterprises] have problems shifting away from that, because they have a lot of investments, either in customizations or how they're using the tools." Office has been the dominant productivity suite in the enterprise for decades, with Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook making up key parts of businesses' everyday workflows. Google has a tough road ahead of it supplanting those applications. It's not for lack of trying: Under the leadership of Diane Greene, the senior vice president of Google Cloud, the company's products have undergone a number of changes and fresh launches aimed at appealing to large businesses. Those changes included a new Google Sites that has been built to compete more closely with Microsoft's SharePoint document management and storage system, and a Springboard service that’s supposed to help employees more easily find files they need. Last year, Greene revealed that the company created a consulting group to help understand the needs of enterprises using its products. The company recently announced that 3 million organizations are paying for G Suite, up from 2 million at the end of 2015. It’s solid progress for Google, but much of that expansion has come from small and medium-size businesses, not massive customers. Peter Yared, the CTO of Sapho, said that G Suite adoption has been largely nonexistent among the companies that his company serves. "Look, we never run into Slack, we never run into G Suite," he said. "We never run into these things. Those are for the small part of the [small and medium business] segment." Sapho sells a service that helps companies connect their disparate -- and often outdated -- systems of record with one another to help speed up their employees' work. Its clients are exactly the sort of large enterprises that Google is trying to gain favor with. There are some enterprises that have taken the plunge, however. Telus International, a subsidiary of the Canadian telecommunications company that provides phone support, currently has 25,000 of its employees using G Suite. The company migrated over to Google's productivity suite four years ago and isn't looking back, according to Michael Ringman, its chief information officer. At the time of the migration, Telus International had several different setups for productivity and collaboration. Working across the company's offices (some of which exist as a result of acquisitions) while using on-premises versions of Microsoft Office was cumbersome. While it took work to manage the change from Microsoft's suite to Google's, Ringman said that the outcome was positive. "The reality we've seen, we've seen better collaboration, better communication and frankly had better [employee] engagement," Ringman said. "We actually measure our engagement scores ... and have seen an increase in our engagement scores somewhat directly as well as indirectly due to our rollout of the Google G Suite." Businesses build entire workflows around Office products, and will often use macros to automate some of their work, said Patrick Moorhead, the founder and principal analyst at Moor Insights and Strategy. That entrenched use of specific features can also hinder adoption. “So, for instance, a company will go in and do macros and run their business on a spreadsheet. And that is a factor. I can’t just dial up G Suite and have those macros work,” Moorhead said. “G Suite was born in the cloud, Office 365 was born on the desktop. So if you have things that need to run on the desktop really well like macros, that instantly takes you out of the G Suite camp.” That’s a problem Google's engineers are working hard to tackle, according to Prabhakar Raghavan, a vice president of engineering at the company. However, he said it's a challenge because the macros have been built for client software that runs on a user's computer, rather than a web app. "Our intent is not to move off 100 percent cloud into some sort of hybrid environment, our direction is to remain in the cloud," he said. "And so the challenge my engineers are hard at work solving is how to provision, entirely in the cloud, the things that people can get from a hybrid environment." People at Telus International who still need to rely on macros or other dedicated functionality in Microsoft Office can still use the on-premises software that the company still holds licenses for. When employees using Chromebooks need a traditional desktop computer environment, the company uses virtual desktops to compensate.  Still, switching from Office to G Suite involves much more than just getting users to adopt a new user interface. That could prove problematic to businesses, according to David Lavenda, the co-founder of Harmon.ie. His company makes software that helps connect Microsoft Outlook and SharePoint, and ease companies' migrations from Lotus Notes to Office 365. A number of its clients looked at G Suite and ultimately opted to go with Office. There are many components in the institutional use of a particular office suite, Lavenda said. "There's the support structure behind it, there’s expertise in these organizations knowing how to support these products and knowing where to turn to, and how to fix problems. It’s much more than just getting people to edit documents with a different user interface." To increase user familiarity with Google's tools, the company acquired Synergyse last year and has been using its e-learning courses to help people get acquainted with Docs, Sheets, and Slides. Furthermore, the company will actually send its product managers and engineers to help with deployments of G Suite at large customers. Raghavan said a team will arrive at a customer’s work site on the first day of a major deployment and just walk around to help answer questions. "These are rank-and-file engineers who usually write code," Raghavan said. "And it’s great both ways, because the customer feels well taken care of through the transition. And for an engineer or a product manager, it's a great learning [opportunity], because you’re like 'Oh my God, I never realized that pixel there was confusing.'" But while Google is continuing to gain traction, Microsoft remains the dominant player in the productivity app market. The Redmond-based titan reported last month it has 85 million monthly active commercial users of Office 365. At least in the near term, G Suite and Office 365 are fighting largely for the chance to pick up customers who are migrating off on-premises versions of Office. Gartner's Mariano pointed out that some enterprises are actually running in hybrid environments where some people are using G Suite and others are using Office. "It's getting to the point now where enterprises are almost letting them duke it out in real time in the real world," Mariano said. "Which is an interesting thing. We see that a lot in higher education, where the administrative side might be using Office 365, and the student body might be using G Suite." While it still faces challenges, Google has improved its enterprise compatibility, through its continued enhancements for security and compliance capabilities, as well as deploying features in ways that don't disrupt existing workflows, Moorhead said. "Every year, they're getting more friendly to the enterprise with their products," he said. Ringman said Google still has work to do in order to make it possible for Telus International to run its whole business on G Suite. In particular, he called out data sovereignty as a key issue for moving some remaining information into the cloud. Regulations require some Canadian data be stored in-country, and G Suite doesn't yet allow users to store data there.  Google isn't slowing down its introduction of enterprise features. The company kicked 2017 off with an announcement of a set of feature upgrades aimed squarely at solving enterprise security concerns. Google expanded its data-loss prevention features to Drive, added S/MIME to Gmail and allowed administrators to restrict logins to only people with hardware security keys. Google is planning additional enterprise-focused features for G Suite and the other services covered under its Cloud division. The team is hosting a three-day conference in March, which is expected to feature a suite of announcements aimed at driving its enterprise business forward. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Cloud Computing Enterprise Applications Google Google G Suite Blair Hanley Frank is primarily focused on the public cloud, productivity and operating systems businesses for the IDG News Service. Prices still climbing for enterprise mobility management software You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Puppet Cloud for the enterprise Popular Resources White Paper 2015 Latin American Mid-Market Enterprise Communications Platforms Growth Excellence Leadership Award Research/Infographic Sponsored 4 Steps to E-Rate Simplification Research/Infographic Sponsored 5 Ways Cloud Changes Everything Video/Webcast Sponsored Best Practices in Managing Digital Media Rights for the Connected World White Paper Big Data, Bad Data, Good Data: The Link Between Information Governance and Big Data Outcomes Go Top Stories Ford to invest $1B in A.I. startup toward self-driving cars Ford plans to invest $1 billion over the next five years in Argo AI, an artificial intelligence startup... Trump eyes end to an H-1B system that favors largest outsourcers The companies most hurt by the random H-1B distribution system are those that submit only a few... Review: Samsung Chromebook Pro brings touch computing up a notch The Samsung Chromebook Pro is a convertible laptop/tablet that comes with an excellent touch display... How to root out bias in your data Analytics is a top priority for savvy CIOs. But if implicit biases are hiding under the surface of your... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land AdWords Auctions Here's how Google's own ads impact bids & pricing AMP Change Google makes it easier to share publishers' real URLs Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Mobile The best news in mobile marketing every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE Google Maps updates Android app with real-time traffic info, nearby places & bus schedules Starting today, swiping up from the bottom of the Google Maps app home screen on Android displays a Places tab, Driving tab and Transit tab. Amy Gesenhues on February 6, 2017 at 10:35 am More Google updated its Google Maps app for Android today, adding three new tabs that display real-time info on nearby places, traffic conditions and public transit schedules. According to the announcement, swiping up from the bottom of the Google Maps home screen will display a Places tab, a Driving tab and a Transit tab. The Places tab delivers a curated list of nearby restaurants, along with info on nearby ATMs, pharmacies, gas stations and grocery stores. From the Driving tab, users can see nearby traffic conditions and real-time ETAs (if they have home and work addresses saved). Tapping on the “start driving” option will prompt real-time traffic info during route. The Transit tab displays bus and train recommendations depending on a user’s saved home and traffic addresses, along with ETAs for arrival times. For buses and train schedules to alternative locations, users can swipe down to find nearby transit stations and schedules. “Whether you need to get to work or you’re just looking for a quick bite around you, Google Maps gives you personalized information about your world so you can make decisions and get around with confidence,” writes Google Maps product manager Marcus Lowe. About The Author Amy Gesenhues Amy Gesenhues is Third Door Media's General Assignment Reporter, covering the latest news and updates for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. From 2009 to 2012, she was an award-winning syndicated columnist for a number of daily newspapers from New York to Texas. With more than ten years of marketing management experience, she has contributed to a variety of traditional and online publications, including MarketingProfs.com, SoftwareCEO.com, and Sales and Marketing Management Magazine. Read more of Amy's articles. Related Topics Channel: MobileGoogle: AndroidGoogle: Maps & Local Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Attend The Marketing Disruptions Webinar The marketing world faces five major disruptions that are reshaping the industry. Don't get left behind! Attend this LIVE webinar on February 14 and learn how you can leverage them to your advantage. Register today! White Papers The Digital Marketer’s Guide to AI-Powered CRO Using Marketing Automation and Sales Strategy as a Foundation for Profitable Growth Website Redesign RFP: A Step-By-Step Guide To Creating An RFP For Your Website Project How to Use Live Chat to Increase Conversion Data for Retailers See More Whitepapers Webcasts Build Your Ultimate Martech Stack Intro to Agile Marketing: Work faster and smarter by changing how you work Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO What's keeping enterprises from using G Suite? What's keeping enterprises from using G Suite? Despite Google's big business push, its productivity suite has an uphill battle against Office Blair Hanley Frank (IDG News Service) 07 February, 2017 05:35 - - - - print email Comments While Google has spent the past year trying to woo enterprises to its G Suite productivity apps, it’s still the underdog compared to Microsoft Office, at least among large businesses. So what’s keeping it from broader appeal? One of the biggest hurdles for Google achieving broader enterprise adoption is just the fact that the company’s products aren't identical to Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and other Microsoft Office apps, Gartner Senior Research Analyst Joe Mariano said. "Enterprises have been ingrained in the Microsoft stack for essentially the beginning of time, it feels like," Mariano said. "[Enterprises] have problems shifting away from that, because they have a lot of investments, either in customizations or how they're using the tools." Office has been the dominant productivity suite in the enterprise for decades, with Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook making up key parts of businesses' everyday workflows. Google has a tough road ahead of it supplanting those applications. It's not for lack of trying: Under the leadership of Diane Greene, the senior vice president of Google Cloud, the company's products have undergone a number of changes and fresh launches aimed at appealing to large businesses. Those changes included a new Google Sites that has been built to compete more closely with Microsoft's SharePoint document management and storage system, and a Springboard service that’s supposed to help employees more easily find files they need. Last year, Greene revealed that the company created a consulting group to help understand the needs of enterprises using its products. The company recently announced that 3 million organizations are paying for G Suite, up from 2 million at the end of 2015. It’s solid progress for Google, but much of that expansion has come from small and medium-size businesses, not massive customers. Peter Yared, the CTO of Sapho, said that G Suite adoption has been largely nonexistent among the companies that his company serves. "Look, we never run into Slack, we never run into G Suite," he said. "We never run into these things. Those are for the small part of the [small and medium business] segment." Sapho sells a service that helps companies connect their disparate — and often outdated — systems of record with one another to help speed up their employees' work. Its clients are exactly the sort of large enterprises that Google is trying to gain favor with. There are some enterprises that have taken the plunge, however. Telus International, a subsidiary of the Canadian telecommunications company that provides phone support, currently has 25,000 of its employees using G Suite. The company migrated over to Google's productivity suite four years ago and isn't looking back, according to Michael Ringman, its chief information officer. At the time of the migration, Telus International had several different setups for productivity and collaboration. Working across the company's offices (some of which exist as a result of acquisitions) while using on-premises versions of Microsoft Office was cumbersome. While it took work to manage the change from Microsoft's suite to Google's, Ringman said that the outcome was positive. "The reality we've seen, we've seen better collaboration, better communication and frankly had better [employee] engagement," Ringman said. "We actually measure our engagement scores ... and have seen an increase in our engagement scores somewhat directly as well as indirectly due to our rollout of the Google G Suite." Businesses build entire workflows around Office products, and will often use macros to automate some of their work, said Patrick Moorhead, the founder and principal analyst at Moor Insights and Strategy. That entrenched use of specific features can also hinder adoption. “So, for instance, a company will go in and do macros and run their business on a spreadsheet. And that is a factor. I can’t just dial up G Suite and have those macros work,” Moorhead said. “G Suite was born in the cloud, Office 365 was born on the desktop. So if you have things that need to run on the desktop really well like macros, that instantly takes you out of the G Suite camp.” That’s a problem Google's engineers are working hard to tackle, according to Prabhakar Raghavan, a vice president of engineering at the company. However, he said it's a challenge because the macros have been built for client software that runs on a user's computer, rather than a web app. "Our intent is not to move off 100 percent cloud into some sort of hybrid environment, our direction is to remain in the cloud," he said. "And so the challenge my engineers are hard at work solving is how to provision, entirely in the cloud, the things that people can get from a hybrid environment." People at Telus International who still need to rely on macros or other dedicated functionality in Microsoft Office can still use the on-premises software that the company still holds licenses for. When employees using Chromebooks need a traditional desktop computer environment, the company uses virtual desktops to compensate. Still, switching from Office to G Suite involves much more than just getting users to adopt a new user interface. That could prove problematic to businesses, according to David Lavenda, the co-founder of Harmon.ie. His company makes software that helps connect Microsoft Outlook and SharePoint, and ease companies' migrations from Lotus Notes to Office 365. A number of its clients looked at G Suite and ultimately opted to go with Office. There are many components in the institutional use of a particular office suite, Lavenda said. "There's the support structure behind it, there’s expertise in these organizations knowing how to support these products and knowing where to turn to, and how to fix problems. It’s much more than just getting people to edit documents with a different user interface." To increase user familiarity with Google's tools, the company acquired Synergyse last year and has been using its e-learning courses to help people get acquainted with Docs, Sheets, and Slides. Furthermore, the company will actually send its product managers and engineers to help with deployments of G Suite at large customers. Raghavan said a team will arrive at a customer’s work site on the first day of a major deployment and just walk around to help answer questions. "These are rank-and-file engineers who usually write code," Raghavan said. "And it’s great both ways because the customer feels well taken care of, through the transition. And for an engineer or a product manager, it's a great learning [opportunity], because you’re like 'Oh my God, I never realized that pixel there was confusing.'" But while Google is continuing to gain traction, Microsoft remains the dominant player in the productivity app market. The Redmond-based titan reported last month it has 85 million monthly active commercial users of Office 365. At least in the near term, G Suite and Office 365 are fighting largely for the chance to pick up customers who are migrating off on-premises versions of Office. Gartner's Mariano pointed out that some enterprises are actually running in hybrid environments where some people are using G Suite and others are using Office. "It's getting to the point now where enterprises are almost letting them duke it out in real time in the real world," Mariano said. "Which is an interesting thing. We see that a lot in higher education, where the administrative side might be using Office 365, and the student body might be using G Suite." While it still faces challenges, Google has improved its enterprise compatibility, through its continued enhancements for security and compliance capabilities, as well as deploying features in ways that don't disrupt existing workflows, Moorhead said. "Every year, they're getting more friendly to the enterprise with their products," he said. Ringman said Google still has work to do in order to make it possible for Telus International to run its whole business on G Suite. In particular, he called out data sovereignty as a key issue for moving some remaining information into the cloud. Regulations require some Canadian data be stored in-country, and G Suite doesn't yet allow users to store data there. Google isn't slowing down its introduction of enterprise features. The company kicked 2017 off with an announcement of a set of feature upgrades aimed squarely at solving enterprise security concerns. Google expanded its data-loss prevention features to Drive, added S/MIME to Gmail and allowed administrators to restrict logins to only people with hardware security keys. Google is planning additional enterprise-focused features for G Suite and the other services covered under its Cloud division. The team is hosting a three-day conference in March, which is expected to feature a suite of announcements aimed at driving its enterprise business forward. 6 Styles of Customer Analytics More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Google G SuiteGoogle More about ExcelGartnerGoogleMicrosoftTelus Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Digitally remastering your business Impact of Project Prioritisation Let the Data Centre Transformation Begin - with Flash Storage Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Delivering Quality of Service with Pillar Axiom 600 Latest Jobs Group Director Information Services WA Digital Communications Manager NSW General Manager - Strategy VIC Senior Java Developer NSW Report Analyst QLD Senior Java Developer NSW Senior Full Stack .Net Developer with Strong SQL Dev NSW SharePoint Administrator ACT Project Manager - Adelaide based NSW Document Controller/ Document Migration Officer QLD Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Microsoft Australia posts $55.9M profit amid top-tier changes ​Fiber Corp execs lash NBN ​Six Challenges CISOs Will Face in 2017 CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Booted up in 1993, this server still runs -- but not for much longer Market Place Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow CSO Privacy groups claim FBI hacking operation went too far Microsoft unveils a bonanza of security capabilities Recent WordPress vulnerability used to deface 1.5 million pages How to enable WhatsApp's two-step verification Apple's iCloud saved deleted browser records, security company finds Computerworld Muru-D takes on 'more mature' start-ups with new funding model Stop talking shit about broadband speeds, ACCC tells ISPs NetComm Wireless reaps $28 million windfall from NBN FTTC Microsoft hasn't moved the Windows 10 needle in months 'Fileless malware' attacks, used at banks, have been around for years ARN Banking and securities’ IT spend to hit $14.8B in Australia ISPs put on alert over broadband speed claims NetComm’s NBN deal delivers $28m revenue injection ​Day of reckoning still to come despite Dell EMC partner program launch Avnet expands Lenovo partnership with global training deal Techworld Privacy groups claim FBI hacking operation went too far On land and in space, IoT networks can now cover the planet Ford to pump $1B into AI for driverless cars UPS to spend $18M to install 26,000 new solar panels Microsoft unveils a bonanza of security capabilities CMO Best Super Bowl ads were humorous, finds facial tracking research Volkswagen Group unites customer experience and employee engagement insights Report: Australian organisations lack processes and support to be innovative CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 9 February 2017 ​Data Republic partners with koji to boost FMCG data insights Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Home Solution Provider Distribution Vendor Security Cloud People M&A Tech trends Mobility matters Events Resources 2112 hub Newsletters Sign in Events Upcoming events Channelnomics Conference MSP, New York As the MSP market is maturing & competition is increasing, it’s critical to stand out. But what is it that makes a world class managed service provider? Join us at Channelnomics MSP as we shed light on the future of the US managed services industry. Date: 26 Apr 2017 The Park Lane Hotel 36 Central Park South New York, New York 10019, New York Channelnomics Conference Security, Chicago Keeping up with a security landscape that has evolved quickly and continues to increase in complexity is becoming a real challenge for channel firms. Our event will shed light on the most significant challenges and suggest possible strategies for overcoming the most pressing issues. Date: 21 Jun 2017 TBC Chicago, Illinois, Chicago Channelnomics Conference MSP, San Diego As the MSP market is maturing & competition is increasing, it’s critical to stand out. But what is it that makes a world class managed service provider? Join us at Channelnomics MSP as we shed light on the future of the US managed services industry. Date: 21 Sep 2017 TBC San Diego, California, San Diego Channelnomics Cloud Conference New York Join us for this one day event to hear about what lies ahead and what strategies you can use to grow your business, streamline cloud operations and maximize profits. Meet leading industry vendors to find out about the latest technologies and network with fellow industry professionals. Date: 07 Dec 2017 New York View all events Follow our events Sign up to receive email alerts about our eventsSign up Resources What could and should the channel be doing better when it comes to mobile security? When it comes to mobile security, the channel is facing significant challenges. This Channelnomics research piece asks solution providers about the area of mobile security they think they are lacking in most. Find out what they thought and what it means for mobile security, the channel and its customers. Download The CSP Bible: Your ultimate handbook to the Cloud Solution Provider (CSP) program Are you struggling to get your head around Microsoft's Cloud Solution Provider program? You're not alone. Ever since Microsoft introduced the CSP in 2014, resellers have been trying to navigate their way through this program. Our free eBook should answer your questions. Download Sign in   You are currently accessing Channelnomics.com via your Enterprise account. If you already have an account please use the link below to sign in. If you have any problems with your access or would like to request an individual access account please contact our customer service team. Phone: +44 (0) 1858 438800 Email: customerservices@incisivemedia.com Sign in   Newsletters Account details Contact support Sign out   Follow us RSS Twitter Newsletters Register 2112 hub Channelnomics.com Home Solution Provider Distribution Vendor Security Cloud People M&A Tech trends Mobility matters   You are currently accessing Channelnomics.com via your Enterprise account. If you already have an account please use the link below to sign in. If you have any problems with your access or would like to request an individual access account please contact our customer service team. Phone: +44 (0) 1858 438800 Email: customerservices@incisivemedia.com Sign in   Newsletters Account details Contact support Sign out   Channel Business Today's channel rundown - 6 February 2017 Daily tech news and analysis channel partners need to know now, including Google's Terra Bella, South Korea's batteries, IBM's Agile 3 and more Channelnomics Staff 06 February 2017 Tweet   Facebook   LinkedIn   Google plus   Send to   0 Comments Welcome to today's channel rundown, containing vital news and analysis on the channel's comings and goings. Read all about it below: Google's Terra Bella sale Google will sell Terra Bella, the... To continue reading... Sign In Register now Don't have an account? Register today for free access to premium Channelnomics content including: Expert in-depth features, analysis and reports Access to our archives for your research Register now More on Channel Business Channel Business Today's channel rundown - 10 February 2017 10 Feb Channel Business Editor's voice: The week's channel chatter - 10 February 2017 10 Feb Channel Business Symantec previews newly integrated channel program 10 Feb Channel Business Today's channel rundown - 9 February 2017 09 Feb Channel Business Today's channel rundown - 8 February 2017 08 Feb Channel Business CDW packs new small business unit with digital resources, e-commerce 08 Feb Channel Business Today's channel rundown - 7 February 2017 07 Feb Vendor Cloud latecomer Oracle may have advantage in customer base 07 Feb More news Today's channel rundown - 10 February 2017 Daily tech news and analysis channel partners need to know now, including AST's Tailwind equity, Apple's Solomon exit, DeWalt's reappearance and more Channel Business 10 February 2017 Editor's voice: The week's channel chatter - 10 February 2017 What's been happening this week on Channelnomics? Channel Business 10 February 2017 Channelnomics' top five stories of the week - 10 February 2017 Check out which articles grabbed the most attention this week Research 10 February 2017 Symantec previews newly integrated channel program Program reflects Blue Coat acquisition, sales opportunities, incentives Channel Business 10 February 2017 Back to Top Contact Us Marketing solutions About Incisive Media Terms and conditions Privacy and Cookie policy RSS Twitter Newsletters © Incisive Media Investments Limited 2015 Channelnomics is a licensed brand of The 2112 Strategy Group, LLC © Founder Emeritus - Lawrence M Walsh; Incisive Business Media (IP) Limited, Published by Incisive Business Media Limited, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX. Companies registered in England and Wales with company registration numbers 9177174 & 9178013. Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016 Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 LG G6 Galaxy S8 Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Google releases February’s Android security patch for Pixel, Nexus devices Newsby Jimmy Westenberg5 days ago 10 810 16 It’s the beginning of the month, and you know what that means: Google has just released the February 2017 Android security patch update for a number of Pixel and Nexus devices. Both factory images and OTA files are now available for download, and we should expect over-the-air updates to reach devices in the next few days. So far, Android 7.1.1 Nougat factory images with the new February 2017 security patch are available for: Pixel XL (NOF26V) Pixel XL (Rogers only) (NOF26W) Pixel (NOF26V) Pixel (Rogers only) (NOF26W) Pixel C (N4F26O) Nexus 6P (N4F26O) Nexus 6P (Verizon only) (NUF26K) Nexus 5X (N4F26O) Nexus 6 (N6F26R) LTE Nexus 9 (N4F26Q) Wi-Fi Nexus 9 (N4F26Q) Nexus Player (NMF26X) We’re also seeing new Android 7.0 factory images for the Nexus 6 (NBD91Y), as well as the AT&T-only Nexus 6 (NBD91Z). If you’d rather get the download links straight from Google, you can find the factory images here and OTA links here. As always, Google has also published a new Android Security Bulletin for February 2017, which you can find here. To sum, Google has patched two critical vulnerabilities, ten high severity vulnerabilities, and four moderately severe vulnerabilities. The most severe of these issues is a critical vulnerability that could enable remote code execution on affected devices through email, web browsing and MMS when processing media files. Android partners were notified about these issues on January 3, 2017 or earlier. News Nexus 6P, Google Pixel, Google Pixel XL, Nexus 5X Google Pixel, Google Pixel XL, Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P Jimmy Westenberg Lover of all things Android, Star Wars, dogs, coffee and music. Show 10 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 6 days ago58 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News Leaked logo suggests the larger Samsung Galaxy S8 will be dubbed S8+ 7 hours ago Have fun and join the Google Home block party events in LA and NYC 9 hours ago 10 best apps for hookups and getting laid 11 hours ago Google Play Services rolling out Instant Tethering mobile hotspot feature 11 hours ago Sprint deals – Sprint offering its $90 a month unlimited plan for up to... 11 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Hands-on with Toast’s real-wood cover for the Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [February 2017] Trending in Google Corporate Comment: Lenovo’s new Yoga A12 Android tablet is just begging to be a Chromebook Trending in Google Corporate Opinion: Five features that I want with the second-generation Google Pixel Trending in Google Corporate Google Home now supports over 70 apps and services, here are some of the most useful Trending in Google Corporate Hands on with Colorware’s new skins for Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] February 6 GOOG: 801.34 -0.15 Verizon appears to be giving free Daydream VR headsets to Pixel owners following shipment delays Justin Duino - Feb. 6th 2017 9:16 am PT @jaduino Android Google Daydream View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Right from the start, Google had inventory issues and delayed Pixel orders because the company hadn’t expected the high demand for its smartphones. The delays have been so bad, in fact, that rumors started going around that Google had even stopped production. While this obviously isn’t true, Verizon has started to give away Daydream View headsets as an apology to customers who had their shipments delayed… So far users on both Reddit and XDA have confirmed that they have received a call from Verizon offering them a free VR headset. The calls people are receiving came from (844) 340-4325 which appears to belong to a third-party call service that Verizon is using to offer customers the Daydream View. If you are a Verizon customer and get a call, the service representatives should already have your account pulled up on their end and won’t require you to give them any personal information. Additionally, if you have already purchased a Daydream View, it appears that Verizon might credit your account with $50. This isn’t for certain though, as others have stated that they were either given the choice of the headset or nothing at all. If you would like to know more about the Daydream View, you can check out our full review or watch our hands-on video below. Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Google View THe Guide Daydream View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Just In 22mins Free smartphones, Rs.1000 per month for poor, farm loan waiver: Congress-SP’s 10 commitments 49mins Phungzathang quits Congress 1hr Former judge who banned Jallikattu moves SC against Madras HC notice 2hrs Sasikala urges Governor to 'act soon' 3hrs Bangladesh struggle to reach 125 for 4 at lunch 4hrs Interceptor missile successfully test-fired 4hrs Trump, Abe pledge to strengthen U.S.—Japan relationship 5hrs Two MPs extend support to OPS 5hrs South Africa reclaims No.1 ranking in ODIs 6hrs Scanty voting so far in first phase of UP polls Considering signing new order on immigration: Trump Not forced to stay at resort: AIADMK MLAs First phase of polling in U.P. today Erdogan approves referendum on reforms Swamy gets 2 weeks to prove ‘Chidambaram flouted law’ CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Tech giants at the forefront of legal resistance Share On JUST IN 22mins Free smartphones, Rs.1000 per month for poor, farm loan waiver: Congress-SP’s 10 commitments 49mins Phungzathang quits Congress 1hr Former judge who banned Jallikattu moves SC against Madras HC notice 2hrs Sasikala urges Governor to 'act soon' 3hrs Bangladesh struggle to reach 125 for 4 at lunch 4hrs Interceptor missile successfully test-fired 4hrs Trump, Abe pledge to strengthen U.S.—Japan relationship 5hrs Two MPs extend support to OPS 5hrs South Africa reclaims No.1 ranking in ODIs 6hrs Scanty voting so far in first phase of UP polls Considering signing new order on immigration: Trump Not forced to stay at resort: AIADMK MLAs First phase of polling in U.P. today Erdogan approves referendum on reforms Swamy gets 2 weeks to prove ‘Chidambaram flouted law’ CLOSE News National International States Cities Chennai oil spill News International International Tech giants at the forefront of legal resistance VARGHESE K. GEORGE February 06, 2017 12:32 IST Updated: February 07, 2017 00:06 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Iranian student visa holder Sara Yarjani, who was sent back to Vienna last week after U.S. President Donald Trump's travel ban, talks with reporters after arriving at Los Angeles International Airport on Sunday.   | Photo Credit: Reuters VARGHESE K. GEORGE February 06, 2017 12:32 IST Updated: February 07, 2017 00:06 IST more-in 97 top companies, including Apple and Google, file motion in appeals court, calling the executive order harmful and discriminatory. Ninety-seven technology companies, including Apple, Microsoft and Google have joined the legal battle against the Donald Trump administration’s ban on travellers and refugees from seven Muslim-majority countries, now suspended by a federal court. Thousands of people from these countries with valid U.S. visas are trying to reach the country even as the the suspension of the travel ban is in effect. A U.S. federal appeals court is set to give an order this week, while the federal judge in Washington State who temporarily suspended the ban will also consider fresh arguments, both by the State that is opposed to the ban and the Trump administration, on Monday before its final order. Coordinated resistance A filing by the technology companies in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit in California — which will also hear the challenge to the Washington order — showed a coordinated resistance. The appeals court had refused to reinstate the ban on Sunday, turning down a plea by the administration. These companies submitted that “American innovation and economic growth are intimately tied to immigration and …the executive order harms the competitiveness of U.S. companies.” They said the executive order was unlawful as it “discriminates on the basis of nationality” and “exercises discretion arbitrarily”. Meanwhile, Mr. Trump on Sunday accused the Washington judge of opening the country to terrorists, mounting a public campaign against the judiciary and stirring up public support for his executive decision. “The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy,” he said. He had earlier called the Washington judge a “so-called judge”, a remark that drew widespread criticism from all quarters including some Republican Senators, but Vice-President Mike Pence supported the President. The travel ban, like Mr. Trump’s other measures, has polarised the American electorate, according to opinion polls. While there has been a groundswell of resistance in coastal America, Trump supporters in the middle States are unfazed. Many of them appear to be supportive of the President’s move, according to media reports. At least 2,50,000 Muslims are estimated to be working in the Silicon Valley tech and many of them are from the seven countries direcrly affected by the travel ban. Post a Comment More In Newsletter International USA Related Articles << Previous Story Trump slams judge for halting travel ban, warns of peril Next Story >> Swirling spirals spotted at the north pole of Mars Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | Feb 11, 2017 3:47:32 PM | http://www.thehindu.com/news/international/Tech-giants-at-the-forefront-of-legal-resistance/article17201274.ece © The Hindu Trump’s Israel ambassador pick hopes to shift embassy to Jerusalem In March, at the annual conference of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) Mr. Trump had promised to shift the embassy to Jerusalem. Varghese K George Ushering in 2017 Enthusiastic welcome to the New Year from India and around the world. Top Picks in The Hindu today AIADMK power struggle: Movers and shakers City welcomes Eman, world's heaviest woman at 500 kgs Why confidence is a stupid thing and ignorance is bliss Jayalalithaa vs Janaki: The last succession battle Shatabdi trains show off the colours of ability New Zealanders race to save stranded pilot whales Jolly LLB 2: The fun is in the detail Rings: Circle of strife King Kohli climbs ‘The Wall’, eclipses ‘The Don’ Couple delay flight with hoax bomb call to make it to their engagement Close X Next Story >> Swirling spirals spotted at the north pole of Mars Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech Elections THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2016, The Hindu

Go Phones Laptops Cameras TV Gaming Wearables Forum MORE All articles Best picks Drones Car Tech Smart Home Gift Ideas Downloads Login Follow Us Follow Us Subscribe Google News Google Home's Super Bowl Ad Exposes a Big Flaw by Henry T. Casey Feb 6, 2017, 4:54 AM Something odd happened around the country while the Super Bowl commercial for the Google Home speaker ran on TVs everywhere. The ad, which showed loving families using the smart home speaker for listening to music and turning on and off the lights, also managed to set off Google Homes in the real world, surprising their owners. Google Home owners quickly ran to Twitter to explain that since the advertisement features someone saying "Okay, Google," their Home units were activated at the same time. These users had no recourse but to let this happen, as Google's speaker offers no option to set a different wake phrase. MORE: Google Home vs. Amazon Echo - Smart Speaker Face-off Some owners of Amazon's Echo, Dot and Tap speakers may be familiar with this moment, as a TV news report in San Diego once triggered the Alexa-based speakers to order dollhouses. A Fox News report explains this happened when CW6 news anchor Jim Patton described a 6-year-old in Dallas who accidentally ordered a dollhouse and cookies via the speaker, saying "I love the little girl, saying 'Alexa ordered me a dollhouse.'" Do not play this Google Home ad near a Google Home. Alexa users can learn from that incident, though, as Amazon's devices allow you to change the wake word. Apple and Microsoft don't allow different wake words for Siri and Cortana, but since those assistants can be enabled in other ways, you can disable wake words altogether. Google Home is still a fantastic smart speaker that offers great sound and deep integration with other Google products — let's just hope it gets smart enough to ignore the TV. See Also : The Best Super Bowl 2017 Tech Commercials 25 Best Things Google Assistant Can Do Our Favorite Smart Home Tech 42 Best Amazon Alexa Skills About the author Henry T. Casey @henrytcasey Henry T. Casey is a staff writer at Tom’s Guide covering security and music. You can find him at local concerts or tinkering with his cold-brew coffee process. Read more Google Smart Home Add a comment Comment Firstname Submit Ask a Category Expert Create a new thread in the Apps General Discussion forum about this subject Title Title Subject Publish 1 comment Your comment Darkoverlordofdata Feb 6, 2017, 7:47 AM I won't buy a product that is always spying on me. How do I know that Google home isn't sending all it hears to the NSA? 0 1 comments Comment Firstname Submit Most Popular Google's Driverless Cars Are Getting Safer This Wheel-Legged Robot is Awesome and Terrifying Best Google Daydream View Games The Latest On Tom’s Guide Review 11 hr Viewtek Amplified HDTV Antenna: Inexpensive But Unimpre... Round-Up 11 hr Best Dating Apps Deals 12 hr Best Tech Deals of Today: 4K TVs, Tablets, and More Deals 13 hr Amazon Slashes Fitbit Prices by Up to 25 Percent Face-Off 13 hr Xbox One vs. Xbox One S: Which Should You Buy? Round-Up 14 hr 45 Best Amazon Alexa Skills News 14 hr Act Fast: Google's Hard-to-Get Pixel XL Back in Stock Best Picks 15 hr Best Indoor HDTV Antennas of 2017 Best Picks 15 hr Best Cheap and Unlocked Smartphones 2017 Review 17 hr Holisouse 50-Mile HD Antenna: Cheap But Good News 18 hr Galaxy S8 Finally Gets a Launch Window News 18 hr Arby's Credit Card Breach: What You Need to Do Get our newsletter About Tom’s Guide About Us Contact Us More Sites Tom's Hardware Laptop Mag Follow Us Terms Of Use Copyright Policy Purch Privacy Policy Advertising U.S. Edition French Edition © 2017 Purch All Rights Reserved.
ON NEWSSTANDS 107 Dec/Jan 2017 The Faith Issue Music Style Culture Video share tweet Feed All Posts Featured Posts Trending Posts Magazine Events Shop Twitter facebook youtube instagram tumblr US US UK CA US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition Follow the Fader Press Enter to Search Music Style Culture Video Magazine Events Shop US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition culture / News 97 Major Tech Companies Are Challenging Trump’s Muslim Ban In Court Google, Apple, Facebook, Microsoft, Uber, and Twitter are among the companies who signed a legal brief opposing the ban on Monday. By Ben Dandridge-Lemco   Google's campus in Mountain View, California, February 2015 / Susana Bates / AFP / Getty Images 97 major tech companies — including Google, Facebook, Twitter, Uber, and more — have signed a legal challenge to Donald Trump's recent executive order which bans travel and immigration for citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries, BuzzFeed News reports. The amici curiae (friends of the court) brief, signed early Monday morning, follows the US government's emergency request to resume the travel ban and argues that the executive order violates immigration law and the Constitution. "For decades, stable U.S. immigration policy has embodied the principles that we are a people descended from immigrants, that we welcome new immigrants, and that we provide a home for refugees seeking protection,” the brief reads. "At the same time, America has long recognized the importance of protecting ourselves against those who would do us harm. But it has done so while maintaining our fundamental commitment to welcoming immigrants — through increased background checks and other controls on people seeking to enter our country.” US District Court Judge James Robart suspended Trump's order last Friday and his ruling remains in place. A federal appeals court denied the government's emergency request to resume the ban on Sunday and have asked both sides to file briefs before it makes its final decision. February 06, 2017 Politics, Technology Read full story Come through for today’s top stories Trending style / Feature What A Butt Wants culture / News On The Skit That “Killed” Chappelle’s Show music / News Migos, Metro Boomin, 21 Savage, And Lil Uzi Vert Are Doing A Boiler Room Show In NYC Tomorrow culture / Feature 17 Things To Watch On Netflix When You’re Stoned culture / News People In Paris Are Protesting After A Police Officer Was Charged With Raping A Young Man culture / News 97 Major Tech Companies Are Challenging Trump’s Muslim Ban In Court Contact Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Fader Label Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube Tumblr Instagram Apple Music Soundcloud Spotify RSS Magazine 107 Dec/Jan 2017 The Faith Issue Subscribe Updates ©2017 The Fader, Inc. All rights reserved. Site By Wondersauce
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Facebook and Google combat fake news ahead of elections in Europe By Queenie Wong / February 6, 2017 at 9:25 AM Facebook and Google are ramping up their efforts to combat fake news in Europe after facing criticism that they didn’t do enough to stop misinformation from spreading during the U.S. presidential election. On Monday, Facebook said it was launching its fact-checking tool in France ahead of the country’s presidential election. The tool, which is also being tested in the United States and Germany, allows users and fact-checking organizations to flag a news story as fake. Users will receive a warning that a news story is being disputed by fact-checkers, which include news organizations such as Agence France-Presse and Le Monde. Google is also partnering with French journalists to verify online content, including photos and videos. The tech firm and Facebook are part of a new project called CrossCheck. So far, 17 news organizations have joined the project, including AFP, BuzzFeed News and France Télévisions. “Each participating newsroom will contribute their own experience, resources and regional knowledge to speed and strengthen the verification process, and to ensure that accurate reports reach citizens across the country and beyond,” wrote First Draft News, a nonprofit backed by Google. While some tech executives have stopped short of saying that fake news swayed the U.S. presidential election, they also acknowledged that they have a responsibility to help stop misinformation from spreading. “Giving everyone a voice increases diversity of perspectives, but there is more we can do to build a shared perspective — to reduce polarization, sensationalism and misinformation,” Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg wrote in a post over the weekend. Meanwhile, tech firms are also facing legal consequences for fake news. In Germany, a Syrian refugee is suing Facebook in an effort to stop users from reposting a selfie he took with Chancellor Angela Merkel in fake news reports that accuse him of having ties to terrorism, The New York Times reported. Facebook argues that the lawsuit involves defamation and that it’s the individual who posted the fake story who is liable, not the tech firm. Photo by Karen Bleier/AFP/Getty Images Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: facebook, fake news, Google   More Posts in News Oracle appeals against Google in epic $9 billion Android legal fight February 10, 2017   Theranos: ‘Failures in nearly every aspect of laboratory operation’ February 9, 2017   Yahoo hit with data-breach class-action lawsuit claiming credit-card details stolen February 8, 2017       Share this Post Tweet       Skydoor Blue Are they combating real fake news i.e. stories about events that never happened, or are they combating conservative views on political subjects? Skydoor Blue Who runs the fact checking tool, the No Free Speech movement ? Cite: [LA Times Opinion Piece] http://www.latimes.com/opinion/editorials/la-ed-milo-berkeley-20170203-story.html     About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV       Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Apple said to have met Chinese officials over iPhone 6S… Union denies ties to unhappy Tesla worker Yahoo hit with data-breach class-action lawsuit claiming… Oracle appeals against Google in epic $9 billion Android… Google software engineer creates Trump-tweet stock bot to…     Archives Archives Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2017 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 LG G6 Galaxy S8 Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Retail box of the upcoming LG Watch Style leaked Newsby Brian Reigh5 days ago 5 316 5 The long wait will soon be over: rumors suggest that Google’s Android Wear 2.0 might debut with two LG-made smartwatches, and judging by the photos freshly leaked today, their launch seems imminent. See also: Hands on with Android Wear 2.0! May 19, 2016 GSMArena has leaked a few photos of what seems to be the retail box of the upcoming LG Watch Style. Rumor has it, LG will unveil this smartwatch along with a more expensive version, the LG Watch Sport, on February 9th. Although not every detail is confirmed, the leaked images seem to indicate that our previous reports were indeed accurate. First, the design: the watch shown on the front of the packaging does in fact match the leaked images we saw in the past. That is, it’s a simple circular display with one single button on the side. The round bezel seems a little too thick and a little too dull, and overall, it’s a safe design choice. The strap seems to be the standard 20mm or 22mm width. Now, what is interesting about the box is that it specifically says, “Designed with our friends at Google,” which only seems to confirm the reports of Google working with LG to bring Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches. Now, what is interesting about the box is that it specifically says, “Designed with our friends at Google,” which only seems to confirm the reports of Google working with LG to bring Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches. Nothing is officially confirmed in terms of specs, but if previous reports are true, this model should have a 1.2-inch P-OLED display with 360 x 360 resolution, 4GB of storage, 512MB of RAM, and an IP-67 rating for minimal dust- and water-resistance. The battery is said to be a 240 mAh one, but it looks like black will be the overarching theme for the watch-faces, so given how well OLED panels get along with the color, that might just give you enough juice to last a whole day or two. Just to refresh your memory, the more expensive of the two models, the LG Watch Sport, is said to sport a bigger 1.38-inch display with 480 x 480 resolution as well as 736MB of RAM, a 430 mAh battery, an IP-68 rating, GPS, NFC, and LTE connectivity. The rumored prices for the LG Watch Style and the LG Watch Sport are $249 and $349 respectively. Would you be interested in buying a “Google-designed” Android Wear 2.0 smartwatch? Let us know by leaving a comment down below! News Android Wear 2.0, LG Watch Sport, LG Watch Style Android Wear 2.0, LG Watch Sport, LG Watch Style  GSMArena Brian Reigh Brian Reigh is a contributor at Android Authority, covering all Android-related news. He has always been passionate about technology, especially mobile technology. He is currently a student at Dartmouth College in Hanover, NH. Show 5 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 6 days ago58 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News Google Assistant enabled on some non-Pixel phones with new alpha Google app 30 minutes ago Leaked logo suggests the larger Samsung Galaxy S8 will be dubbed S8+ 8 hours ago Have fun and join the Google Home block party events in LA and NYC 9 hours ago 10 best apps for hookups and getting laid 11 hours ago Google Play Services rolling out Instant Tethering mobile hotspot feature 11 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! How to Keep Amazon Echo and Google Home From Responding to Your TV – WIRED Posted on February 6, 2017 by WIRED Voice assistants such as the Amazon Echo and Google Home are pretty smart, but they’re not yet sharp enough to understand the difference between TV and reality. A Google commercial during yesterday’s Super Bowl prompted Home to play whale noises, … Here is the Google Home Super Bowl CommercialDroid Life (press release) (blog) Google Home’s Super Bowl Ad Caused an Unexpected ActivityFortune Google’s Super Bowl ad accidentally set off a lot of Google HomesThe Verge Tech Times -TechRepublic -El Paso Inc. -VentureBeat all 70 news articles …read more wrote 26466 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Google’s secret, billion-dollar Magic Leap prototype leaked – Deccan Chronicle Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality’s Potential (Again) – Nasdaq Marck Zuckerburg Shows The Oculus VR New Virtual Reality Gloves – Mobile & Apps Leaks Reveal Note 7 Debacle Has Made Galaxy S8 Worse – Tech Times Steam Direct is better than Greenlight, but the size of its fee will make or break it – PC Gamer Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack

Fellowships Reports Lab Storyboard Nieman Foundation at Harvard HOME About Fuego Encyclo Subscribe            Foundation Reports Storyboard LATEST STORYWith “Burst Your Bubble,” The Guardian pushes readers beyond their political news boundaries Business Models Mobile & Apps Audience & Social Aggregation & Discovery Reporting & Production ABOUT                     SUBSCRIBE MENU   Business Models Mobile & Apps Audience & Social Aggregation & Discovery Reporting & Production Encyclo Fuego Feb. 6, 2017, 12:52 p.m. Audience & Social As a presidential election looms in France, Google and Facebook team up with news outlets to factcheck LINK: firstdraftnews.com  ➚   |   Posted by: Shan Wang   |   February 6, 2017 In France, Google and Facebook are hoping to get ahead of the “fake news” fury that exploded in the U.S. shortly after the November presidential election. Google announced Monday it’s teaming up with media outlets from Agence France-Presse to BuzzFeed News to Le Monde on a countrywide factchecking initiative the partners are calling CrossCheck. As a part of the initiative, Facebook is also working with news organizations to reduce the amount of misinformation and hoax stories from appearing on its platform, offering up tools like CrowdTangle to help monitor election-related posts on social media and focusing on other “media literacy efforts.” Particulièrement fiers de soutenir @CrossCheck, projet de vérification collaborative de @firstdraftnews & 17 rédactions françaises #niscpo pic.twitter.com/df3JSl0Xqi — Google News Lab (@googlenewslab) February 6, 2017 RELATED ARTICLE More than a thousand reporters and students are collectively covering voting problems on Election Day November 7, 2016CrossCheck factchecks will live on a separate website, and interested readers can submit questions about unverified or questionable sites and social posts to the CrossCheck team for debunking or verification. News partners in the CrossCheck network will be producing their own stories based on information gathered as part of the initiative: Developed from ideas initially shared at a First Draft Partner Network meeting in September 2016, CrossCheck has been designed in consultation with local and national newsrooms in France. Seventeen newsrooms have already joined the project and early partners include AFP (Agence France-Presse), BuzzFeed News, France Médias Monde (via les Observateurs de France 24), France Télévisions, Global Voices, Libération, La Provence, Les Echos, La Voix du Nord, Le Monde, Nice-Matin, Ouest-France, Rue89 Bordeaux, Rue89Lyon, Rue89 Strasbourg, Storyful and StreetPress. Each participating newsroom will contribute their own experience, resources and regional knowledge to speed and strengthen the verification process, and to ensure that accurate reports reach citizens across the country and beyond. CrossCheck partners, including a number of international news organizations, will ultimately make use of these reports in their own articles, programs and social media output. CrossCheck is also making use of tools like Meedan’s Check for collaborative verification and Chicago-based startup Hearken’s platform for managing reader submissions. The effort will also include outreach to students. It’s a model based in part on work done during Electionland (which also used Check), in which more than a thousand reporters and students scoured the country on Election Day to surface issues people had trying to cast their votes, : As with Electionland, selected students will receive training to use a combination of pioneering newsroom technologies and advanced search techniques. CrossCheck will invite volunteers from CFJ and Science Po Journalism School in Paris to take part. CrossCheck editors from participating newsrooms will then summarize and add context to each claim, creating a live feed of shareable report cards on the CrossCheck site. This feed will be overseen by the Agence-France Presse. First Draft Founding Partner Bellingcat will map patterns and behaviors within the misinformation ecosystem as part of a wider research relating to the European elections. Timely reports and graphics produced by Bellingcat will feature on the CrossCheck site throughout this project. RELATED ARTICLE Clamping down on viral fake news, Facebook partners with sites like Snopes and adds new user reporting December 15, 2016Fact-checking initiatives are proliferating, led in part by the platforms roundly criticized for their role in (or previous ambivalence towards) the spread of hoax stories on their platforms. In the U.S., Facebook is now working with Snopes, PolitiFact, FactCheck.org, ABC, and the Associated Press to verify reports on its platform. Facebook announced a similar effort in Germany last month and is currently looking for other news partners to join the nonprofit investigative outfit Correctiv in checking disputed stories. Show tagsHide tags Show comments / Leave a commentHide comments CrossCheck Facebook factchecking fake news First Draft News France Google Google News Lab   What’s the best way to follow how the news is changing? Our daily email, with all the freshest future-of-journalism news. Prefer a once-a-week email? » Cite this articleHide citations CLOSE MLA Wang, Shan. "As a presidential election looms in France, Google and Facebook team up with news outlets to factcheck." Nieman Journalism Lab. Nieman Foundation for Journalism at Harvard, 6 Feb. 2017. Web. 11 Feb. 2017. APA Wang, S. (2017, Feb. 6). As a presidential election looms in France, Google and Facebook team up with news outlets to factcheck. Nieman Journalism Lab. Retrieved February 11, 2017, from http://www.niemanlab.org/2017/02/as-a-presidential-election-looms-in-france-google-and-facebook-team-up-with-news-outlets-to-factcheck/ Chicago Wang, Shan. "As a presidential election looms in France, Google and Facebook team up with news outlets to factcheck." Nieman Journalism Lab. Last modified February 6, 2017. Accessed February 11, 2017. http://www.niemanlab.org/2017/02/as-a-presidential-election-looms-in-france-google-and-facebook-team-up-with-news-outlets-to-factcheck/. Wikipedia {{cite web     | url = http://www.niemanlab.org/2017/02/as-a-presidential-election-looms-in-france-google-and-facebook-team-up-with-news-outlets-to-factcheck/     | title = As a presidential election looms in France, Google and Facebook team up with news outlets to factcheck     | last = Wang     | first = Shan     | work = [[Nieman Journalism Lab]]     | date = 6 February 2017     | accessdate = 11 February 2017     | ref = {{harvid|Wang|2017}} }} The latest from Nieman Lab With “Burst Your Bubble,” The Guardian pushes readers beyond their political news boundaries Laura Hazard Owen In Chicago, two news orgs are using texting and live events to widen the reach of their reporting on lead Ricardo Bilton People are okay at remembering where they get news online (but still think Facebook’s a news outlet) Laura Hazard Owen With $1.1 million in funding from Knight, OpenNews is becoming an independent organization Joseph Lichterman With its new Spotify bundle, The New York Times is chasing a new, younger base of subscribers Ricardo Bilton Join the 15,000 who get the freshest future-of-journalism news in our daily email. With “Burst Your Bubble,” The Guardian pushes readers beyond their political news boundaries The column, which curates right-of-center perspectives for the site’s left-of-center audience, “gets across the idea that the divergence in values in this country is real and persistent.” In Chicago, two news orgs are using texting and live events to widen the reach of their reporting on lead “We’re trying to empower folks to make their own decisions, and that requires that we get them the right information.” People are okay at remembering where they get news online (but still think Facebook’s a news outlet) “The online news experience is a mix of deliberateness and serendipity,” a new report from Pew finds, noting that no one particular path to finding online news is dominant among users. Laura Hazard Owen With “Burst Your Bubble,” The Guardian pushes readers beyond their political news boundaries The column, which curates right-of-center perspectives for the site’s left-of-center audience, “gets across the idea that the divergence in values in this country is real and persistent.” Ricardo Bilton In Chicago, two news orgs are using texting and live events to widen the reach of their reporting on lead “We’re trying to empower folks to make their own decisions, and that requires that we get them the right information.” Laura Hazard Owen People are okay at remembering where they get news online (but still think Facebook’s a news outlet) “The online news experience is a mix of deliberateness and serendipity,” a new report from Pew finds, noting that no one particular path to finding online news is dominant among users. What to read next These stories are our most popular on Twitter over the past 30 days. See all our most recent pieces ➚ Fuego is our heat-seeking Twitter bot, tracking the links the future-of-journalism crowd is talking about most on Twitter. Here are a few of the top links Fuego’s currently watching.   Get the full Fuego ➚ Washingtonian Exclusive: White House Interviewing Candidates for Press Secretary | Washingtonian  ➚ Informed Immigrant Immigrant Rights and Services Organizations Making an Impact  ➚ POLITICO Intel community, Trump administration turning on Mike Flynn  ➚ CNN Trump to Dems: ‘Pocahontas is now the face of your party’  ➚ MIT Technology Review How to think like a futurist  ➚ WNYC Breaking News Consumer’s Handbook: Protest Edition  ➚ Encyclo is our encyclopedia of the future of news, chronicling the key players in journalism’s evolution. Here are a few of the entries you’ll find in Encyclo.   Get the full Encyclo ➚ Kickstarter Grist The Daily Telegraph McClatchy Wired Google WyoFile Bloomberg ProPublica Investigative Reporting Workshop Creative Commons Hacks/Hackers Subscribe Twitter Facebook iPhone app RSS About Contact Archives Encyclo Fuego Help advance the Nieman Foundation’s mission “to promote and elevate the standards of journalism” by making a donation. To promote and elevate the standards of journalism Covering thought leadership in journalism Pushing to the future of journalism Exploring the art and craft of story © 2016 by the President and Fellows of Harvard College  /  Some rights reserved Harvard Trademark Privacy Walter Lippmann House    One Francis Ave.    Cambridge, MA 02138    617 495 2237 The Nieman Journalism Lab is a collaborative attempt to figure out how quality journalism can survive and thrive in the Internet age. It’s a project of the Nieman Foundation for Journalism at Harvard University. Follow us Subscribe to our email Follow us on Twitter Like us on Facebook Download our iPhone app Subscribe via RSS Subscribe to our work → The basics About us Contact Archives Projects Encyclo Fuego Tweet archive About us → Director Joshua Benton Staff writers Justin Ellis Caroline O’Donovan © President and Fellows of Harvard College, unless otherwise noted. Some rights reserved.
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. To CNNMoney business culture gadgets future startups To CNNMoney Facebook, Google to help fight fake news ahead of French elections by Ivana Kottasova   @ivanakottasova February 6, 2017: 9:40 AM ET What to do about viral 'fake news' Google and Facebook are partnering with journalists to help prevent fake news stories from spreading during France's presidential election. Google News Lab and the non-profit First Draft News have launched a verification project called "CrossCheck" that will help French newsrooms identify and quickly debunk hoaxes, rumors and other false claims. At least 17 major news organizations are taking part in the project, including Le Monde, Agence France-Presse (AFP), Liberation, BuzzFeed and France Medias Monde, which manages Radio France Internationale and TV station France 24. Google (GOOGL, Tech30) and Facebook (FB, Tech30) will provide the journalists with tools to help identify misleading content. Google Trends and CrowdTangle, a Facebook tool that monitors social networks, will be used to scan for problematic stories. Google will also train students from France's leading journalism schools in advanced search techniques that can be used to identify fake news. The students will add context to each false claim and create a live feed of shareable report cards on the CrossCheck website. The feed will be overseen by the Agence-France Presse. The public will also be able to submit questions and links to disputed stories. Their questions will be answered on a dedicated website. Related: Did fake news influence Italy's referendum? Google and Facebook both confirmed their participation in the project, but did not provide additional details. The first round of French elections will be held on April 23. Marine Le Pen, leader of the far right National Front party, is well positioned to advance to the second round of the presidential contest. She is not, however, currently favored to triumph in the second round runoff. Google and First Draft News partnered on a similar project during last year's U.S. presidential election. The initiative, called Electionland, was aimed at reporting evidence of voter suppression during the contest. Related: How Europe's elections could be hacked Misleading stories and flat out fake news have plagued social media during major elections around the world. Facebook, Google (GOOGL, Tech30) and other companies have been under intense criticism over their approach to the problem. Facebook is now attaching warning labels to made-up stories in some markets, and the company has taken steps to undercut the business model used by fake news publishers. Related: Syrian refugee takes Facebook to court over fake news First Draft News partners with newsrooms and other organizations to help them find, verify and publish content sourced from social media. CNN is a member of its partner network. CNNMoney (London) First published February 6, 2017: 9:40 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending San Francisco is taxing the rich to pay for free community college Nordstrom stock defies Trump Trump faces delicate balancing act between U.S. and foreign airlines Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring credit card balances to a 21-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. AdChoices.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Verizon Sending Out Free Daydream View VR Headsets By Adnan Farooqui on 02/06/2017 10:05 PST Google may have underestimated demand for its Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones. These are the first devices that the company has slapped its “Made by Google” label on and they have been well received by customers across the globe. Supply issues continue to persist for some models of the Pixel, particularly the Pixel XL, and it appears that in order to make up for the delay Verizon is now sending out free Google Daydream View virtual reality headsets to some Pixel customers. If you’re wondering why Verizon is taking it upon itself to ship free Daydream View VR headsets, that’s because it’s Google’s exclusive carrier partner in the United States. No other U.S. carrier can officially sell the Pixel or Pixel XL. Those who don’t want to buy one from Verizon can buy an unlocked and off-contract unit from Google or through its retail partners. Several Reddit users who ordered a Pixel smartphone are reporting that they are receiving calls from Verizon informing them that a free Daydream View headset is coming their way. Some of those customers have received their Pixel smartphones already but others who got a call have yet to get their orders. It’s likely that this is Verizon’s way of making up for the shipment delays that have been around for a couple of months now. Customers will certainly appreciate receiving this $79 VR headset that’s compatible with their smartphones for free. Demand is strong as ever for the first smartphones that Google itself ever made. It recently said that it’s working with its partners to restock inventory across all retail channels. Filed in Cellphones. Read more about Daydream View, Google, Google Pixel, Verizon and Virtual Reality (VR). Key Specs Pixel XL Google Pixel Status Released Released Display Diagonal 5.5" (13.97 cm) 5" (12.70 cm) Processor/Soc Name MSM8996 Snapdragon 821 MSM8996 Snapdragon 821 Street Price (Approx) ~ $795 Search low Pixel XL price (Amazon) ~ $645 Search low Google Pixel price (Amazon) Max. Total Storage Capacity 128 GB 128 GB Megapixels 12 Megapixel 12 Megapixel Battery Capacity (mAh) 3450 mAh 2770 mAh Complete product data Google Pixel XL Full specs and details Google Pixel Full specs and details Related Articles 2017-02-08 Verizon Announces Android Wear 2.0 Smartwatch Of Their Own 2017-01-26 Verizon Reportedly Mulling Charter Acquisition 2017-01-26 iOS 10.3 Brings WiFi Calling For Verizon iCloud Devices 2017-01-19 Google Reportedly Finding It Hard To Meet Pixel Demand 2017-01-17 Google Daydream View VR Headset Gets First Price Cut 2016-12-14 T-Mobile Stores May Start Displaying Google Pixel Soon 2016-12-05 Verizon Details Pixel Update Which Might Be Android 7.1.1 2016-11-23 Verizon Black Friday 2016 Deal Offers Google Pixel For $10 Per Month Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Google Maps update puts commute info a tap away Google is making it easier for you to figure out commute times, where to go after work for a quick bite, or which train to catch. By Jason Cipriani | February 6, 2017 -- 17:19 GMT (09:19 PST) | Topic: Mobility Google Tired of tapping and swiping around the Google Maps app to figure out how long it's going to take you to get to work? A forthcoming update to Google Maps for Android users will make that process easier, along with finding place to grab lunch or finding public transit info without leaving the Google Maps home screen. Cloud TV These business leaders are embracing cloud services See how the cloud is disrupting traditional operating models for IT departments and entire organizations. Read More Once the update is installed on your device, Google Maps will feature three tabs: Places, Driving, and Transit. Places will surface nearby restaurants, ATMs, gas stations, and coffee spots. Driving will auto-fill commute time to and from work or home, assuming you've given that info to Google. Commute times offer a real-time glimpse at what you can expect on your journey, including accident and construction information. The Transit tab includes bus and train stop info, including any delays and real-time commute info given the current conditions. Google is slowly rolling out the update, as is typically the case. You can check the Play Store for any pending updates. Free up space on Android phones: Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility Android Nougat and EMUI 5.0 roll out to the Honor 8: in pictures Apple Apple won't do what's needed to save the iPad Virtual Reality Google's Chrome now lets you jump straight into VR worlds from your browser Laptops Best laptops for $350 or less (February 2017) × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Fashion Google and H&M Team Up to Bring Customers 'Coded Couture' AFP Relax News•February 6, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Google & Ivyrevel's future "Data Dress"More A garment based on your own unique lifestyle could soon be a reality thanks to the "Coded Couture" project by Google and H&M's Ivyrevel label, currently in closed alpha testing. H&M-backed digital fashion house Ivyrevel has been working with Google on a project called "Coded Couture", in which Android users will be able to use an app to design a personalized "Data Dress" based on their lifestyle and preferences. The app uses Google's Awareness API, introduced at last year's Google I/O developer conference, to create a custom dress, ordered through the app itself. The most recent development, announced on February 6, is the introduction of Snapshot API, which monitors the user's movements during the day, from places visited to restaurants and even the weather. This information is then translated into a unique "Data Dress." Ivyrevel has invited interested parties to sign up for a trial before the public release, expected for Fall 2017. #fashion #news #afp #google Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Your first look at 'Avengers: Infinity War' CNET Introducing the All-New Toyota® C-HR ToyotaSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Target’s big Apple Watch sale is still happening right now BGR News The Galaxy Note 7 disaster is forcing Samsung to make the Galaxy S8 worse BGR News Why the Internet is Going Crazy Over this Mattress CasperSponsored The White House employee who ensures Trump doesn’t get hacked has been fired BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. How to Keep Amazon Echo and Google Home From Responding to Your TV subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 9 hours See how the VFX team transformed Doctor Strange into his astral form bit.ly/2kYSR5j Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Amazon Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Tim Moynihan. Tim Moynihan Gear Date of Publication: 02.06.17. 02.06.17 Time of Publication: 12:44 pm. 12:44 pm How to Keep Amazon Echo and Google Home From Responding to Your TV Amazon Voice assistants such as the Amazon Echo and Google Home are pretty smart, but they’re not yet sharp enough to understand the difference between TV and reality. A Google commercial during yesterday’s Super Bowl prompted Home to play whale noises, flip the hallway lights on, and recite a substitute for cardamom. As a series of actors barked “OK Google” commands on TV, the devices started doing what they were asked to do. Android phones with Google Assistant may have done the same thing. Google Home wasn’t haunted. It was just doing its job. Any owner of a Google Home or Amazon Echo knows that certain TV commercials prompt unwanted activity. Representatives from both Google and Amazon told us that their television advertisements use altered audio to minimize the chances of a Home or an Echo responding to an ad. Google noted the company is working on a way to make its devices ignore commercials altogether. However, some speakers are still springing awake in some homes when the ads play on the television. Thankfully, there are some ways to keep your smart speaker from listening. There’s a Switch for That The best way to ensure your TV doesn’t hijack your helper is to use the physical switch on the back of each assistant that turns off the microphone. This is something you need to do manually every time you’re sitting down to watch a sporting event, or some other live TV show bound to include commercials you can’t skip. It’s not a perfect solution, because you have to remember to turn the assistant’s microphone back on when the event is over. Change Alexa’s Wake Word For the time being, that microphone-off switch is the only way to stop Google Home from responding to your TV’s whims. Home responds to two “wake phrases,” and both of them are always active: “OK Google,” and “Hey Google.” Whenever it hears either of those phrases, it starts recording a query and processing a response. With Alexa, you can use an alternative wake word to lessen the chance of accidental assistance. You can’t set the wake word to anything you want, but you can limit it to a non-Alexa option. Go to the Settings menu in your Amazon Alexa app. Pick the device you want to manage. In the “General” section, tap the “Wake Word” entry. Choose between “Alexa,” “Amazon,” “Echo,” or “Computer.” Unfortunately, of the four options Amazon allows as a wake word, “Alexa” is probably the least likely to trigger accidental wake-ups. “Computer” is cool, but it’s a word you’ll likely say a lot in normal conversation, and it will likely disrupt your next Star Trek binge session. “Echo” and “Amazon” are also commonly used words in everyday chatter. But if you change it to one of those, at least those Amazon ads won’t commandeer your Echo. There are third-party Alexa devices coming to market soon, such as LG’s Hub robot, which will purportedly let you customize wake words and even respond to the voices of different individual humans. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. amazon echo google home Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular The AI Threat Isn’t Skynet. It’s the End of the Middle Class Artificial Intelligence The AI Threat Isn’t Skynet. It’s the End of the Middle Class 22 hours John Oliver Returns to Out-News the News—by Ignoring Trump TV John Oliver Returns to Out-News the News—by Ignoring Trump 17 hours The Next Big Blue-Collar Job Is Coding Code The Next Big Blue-Collar Job Is Coding 3 days Russians Engineer a Brilliant Slot Machine Cheat—And Casinos Have No Fix Security Russians Engineer a Brilliant Slot Machine Cheat—And Casinos Have No Fix 02.06.17 Why Self-Driving Cars *Can’t Even* With Construction Zones autonomous vehicles Why Self-Driving Cars *Can’t Even* With Construction Zones 15 hours The Troubled F-35 Fighter Jet Rules the Skies in Its Toughest Test Yet military tech The Troubled F-35 Fighter Jet Rules the Skies in Its Toughest Test Yet 18 hours WIRED Book Club: ‘The Story of Your Life’ Is Making Us Weep, Sometimes in Public WIRED Book Club WIRED Book Club: ‘The Story of Your Life’ Is Making Us Weep, Sometimes in Public 13 hours More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Gear product review Review: Samsung Chromebook Pro 20 hours Fetish Beoplay’s H4 Wireless Cans Bring Primo Sound at a Bargain. Kinda 20 hours product review Review: LG Watch Style and Sport 3 days Auto Review Review: 2017 Lamborghini Aventador S 2 days video Meet the Record-Pressing Robot Fueling Vinyl’s Comeback 2 days Gadget Lab Podcast Swarm Hugs 12 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 9 hours See how the VFX team transformed Doctor Strange into his astral form bit.ly/2kYSR5j Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 9 hours See how the VFX team transformed Doctor Strange into his astral form bit.ly/2kYSR5j Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Google Home fail: Google's Super Bowl ad accidentally activates numerous personal assistants Google's latest ad for the Google Home personal assistant caused the product to turn on for multiple users. By Mary-Ann Russon February 6, 2017 17:58 GMT Google's TV commercial for Google Home that aired during the Super Bowl caused many users' devices to wake up in confusionGoogle and Amazon Be careful what you say near a voice-activated device, it just might turn on. Last night during the Super Bowl 2017, Google's heartwarming family-friendly TV commercial set off the Google Home device for many users. Google's Google Home advertisement was not created specially for Super Bowl 2017 – it is an advert that has already been on air and aims to introduce users to the product by giving multiple examples. To use the personal assistant, users have to say: "Ok, Google", and then ask the voice-activated device either a factual question or to control equipment in the house, such as turning on smart lights or turning up the music on a smart stereo or home entertainment system. The device obeys commands instantly, and triggered with factual questions, accesses the internet, searches for the answer and then responds verbally with the answer. During the advert, the phrase: "Ok, Google", is uttered a total of six times by several different actors, and according to Twitter and The Verge's Kwame Opam, actual Google Home devices decided to wake up and respond when the TV commercial played during the Super Bowl ad breaks. This is not the first time that a TV commercial has set off a voice-activated personal assistant — in early January, a news anchor on CW6 in San Diego was talking about a news story involving Amazon Echo and a little girl who had used it to buy a dollhouse and some cookies. When the anchor said, "I love the little girl, saying 'Alexa order me a dollhouse'", numerous Amazon Echo devices stationed near televisions broadcasting the news programme began asking their owners to confirm whether they would like to buy a doll house. There have been other cases in the past where voice-activated systems have mistakenly picked up commands with hilarious results. In 2014, a TV commercial where Aaron Paul demonstrated how the Kinect worked making numerous Xbox consoles immediately turn on and launch the Titanfall video game whenever it detected Paul's voice issuing the command on a TV set. Then there was the YouTube vlogger Master of Luck, who decided to prank people owning Xbox with Kinect by using the gamertag "Xbox Sign Out" and deliberately getting in the way of people who were trying to play Call of Duty Ghosts online. In this game, players can chat and talk to team members and opponents using voice chat with their headsets, but if users tried to tell the user "Xbox Sign Out" to get out of their way, then the Xbox picked up the words as a command to sign out of the user's account and ended the game. Read more about voice activated personal assistants on IBTimes UK: TV news anchor accidentally gets viewers' Amazon Echo devices to order dollhouses Amazon won't give police the voice data from Echo in murder investigation Google Home vs Amazon Echo: What's the difference between the AI speakers? The Google Home commercial turned on my Google Home. She's the only person in my house who listens to me.— Dave Matter (@Dave_Matter) February 5, 2017 Coolest aspect of @Google #SuperBowl ad is when our Google Home talked back ð³ #SuperBowlCommercials— Tricia Milford (@tmilfordhoyt) February 5, 2017 That @Google home trailer made my google home have a meltdown.— Jared Feldman (@jfeldman452) February 5, 2017 Google Home commercial kept setting mine off! They need to chill it with the "okay Google"-ing.— Bill Radjewski (@BillRadjewski) February 5, 2017 My parent's google home unit went crazy when the google ad came on haha. #googlehome— Leo Saldana (@SparkNostalgia) February 6, 2017 Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Four top tips for avoiding fake news Columnists Alastair Campbell “If Paul Dacre honestly thinks the Daily Mail is a reliable source, why won't he defend it? READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... Where will the next Call of Duty be set in 2017? Our top picks include World War 2, Vietnam and Iraq As Activision promises CoD will "return to its roots", we speculate... Russia suspected over cyberattack targeting Italy's foreign ministry The official said the malware attack affected the ministry's 'field... Fukushima radiation levels are so high that even a robot could not survive it The latest development underscores the challenges in decommissioning... Google warns suspected Russian state-sponsored hackers may be targeting prominent journalists Journalists at New York Times, The Atlantic, Vox and CNN are... Apple CEO Tim Cook: Fake news is 'killing people's minds' Cook urged governments and fellow tech companies to step up in the... Ticklebleed: Critical F5 security flaw removes HTTPS encryption from almost 1,000 websites Security vulnerability discovered in many F5 firewalls can undermine... Anticancer drugs breakthrough as neural network computers help create new medicines Computer scientists prove artificial intelligence can drastically... Verizon cybercrime sleuth reveals how IoT almost took an entire university offline Verizon data breach expert Laurance Dine explains the dangers of the... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google’s Awareness API was used to automatically generate personality dresses +4,645 Quentyn Kennemer Feb 6th, 2017 Google has been exploring unique ways to use the data that offered by the Awareness API. If you don’t remember, this API was created to give app developers a tool that lets their app learn more about their users. Data such as your location, typical weather conditions, your current activity (jogging, driving, etc) and more are all on tap through the awareness API. Developers don’t have access to any of this information and it’s not personally identifiable, and it’s all used to help make apps more personal. So, aside from obvious applications — such as a movie app grabbing your location to turn up local showtimes and what have you — Google thought it cool to use the data to generate digital dresses. An app by fashion group Ivyrevel takes the data it gets to generate dress designs using an algorithm. From just looking at their sample, it’s clear the app uses building and street shapes from Google Maps to create the various bold lines you see throughout it, though we’re not sure whether any other data determines any other shapes. We’re not expecting frequent Taco Bell lovers to have tacos on their dress, of course, but we’ve heard of stranger things. In any case, we’re curious to see how everyone’s dress looks based on their habits, and you can bet we’ll be looking to gather designs from around the Phandroid offices and maybe even you folks in the comments section to compare and contrast. We’re not yet sure when we’ll get that opportunity, though, as the app is not yet available to the public. You can sign up to trial it early right here. [via Google] local_offer    Google   Ivyrevel   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (2) stars Further Reading LG Watch Syle and Sport now available Google and Amazon prepare to battle it out in 2017 Pixel XL is back in stock Use your Pixel to control smart home devices These are the smartwatches being updated to Android Wear 2.0 stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertHow to Pixel-ize your phone closeHow to make any Android phone look like the Pixel Features like the Pixel Launcher, round icons, new nav bar buttons, and Google Assistant are still exclusive to the Pixel phones. With just a few handy apps and some tweaking, you can get most of the Pixel features on your phone. 2 more_vertPixbar app give you Pixel-like nav buttons closePixbar app gives you Pixel-like nav buttons without root If you’ve been jealous of the fancy navigation buttons used by the Pixel and Pixel XL, you can now add them to your Android device without having to root it. The $0.99 Pixbar app on the Play Store gives you the illusion that your on-screen navigational buttons are identical to those on the Pixel phones. In … 3 more_vertGoogle's AI can enhance pixelated photos closeGoogle’s AI can “zoom and enhance” photos like crime films You ever watch one of those cool crime or detective flicks and the prosecutor comes across some footage they need a good look at? Google is making the “zoom and enhance” possible through AI. 4 more_vertSamsung to focus on Plus Galaxy S8 model closePlus model is expected to dominate Samsung Galaxy S8’s production schedule It’s said the “Plus” model of the Samsung Galaxy S8 (remember, both devices are said to be getting understated Edge displays this go around) will be eating up 70% of Samsung’s production schedule from the get go. 5 more_vertThe 64GB Soft Gold OnePlus 3T is back in stock closeThe 64GB Soft Gold OnePlus 3T is now “shipping immediately” OnePlus has confirmed that the 64GB Soft Gold OnePlus 3T is being made available for immediate shipping. 6 more_vertSamsung to begin showcasing foldable phone closeSamsung will start showing prototypes of their foldable phone later this month Samsung will be toting some prototypes of their foldable phone concept at MWC for the first time. 7 more_vertLG teases the G6's small bezels closeLG G6 press invites tease the phone’s small bezels, rounded display corners Press invites for their February 26th LG G6 event have been sent out, teasing the display’s rounded corners, what could be some pretty small bezels. 8 more_vertDEAL: Save 70% on Samsung's microSD cards closeDEAL: Save up to 70 percent on Samsung’s 32, 64 and 128GB EVO microSD cards The average price of microSD cards have come down significantly over the past year, but it still costs quite a bit if you want to double the amount of storage you have available for your smartphone. Fortunately, Amazon has heard your cries and has cut the price of the Samsung EVO microSD cards. The monstrous 256GB EVO … 9 more_vertPixel's audio issues fixed closePixel’s February security patch fixes audio issues The Pixel and Pixel XL got a bit more love in yesterday’s security patch than just security fixes. They also got a fix to one of the most annoying bugs out. 10 more_vertGalaxy S8 and S8 Plus renders surface closeAnother set of Galaxy S8 renders paint vivid pictures of what to expect We’re pretty sure we know what the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus will look like once Samsung launches them later this Spring. In case you needed an even better idea, take a gander at these new device renders. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
TechWhack Review Best Sites Here Top Free Music download Apps For Android February 10, 2017 By Harsh 94 Comments Top Free Music download Apps For Android 3.26/5 54 votes Welcome to all of you with a thirst for great music and quality music apps for your phone. If you feel that the apps on your phone are not delivering the music that you need, it’s time to get some new apps for free music download. At present, there are more music apps out there than any one phone can hold. With literally thousands of apps to sift through, where does one start? Thankfully, here at TechWhack we have done all the winnowing of the heaps of apps for you. With the featured apps on this post, you can avoid the long and complicated processes on your search, as well as the expenses for an average music download app. In this post today, I have done a little bit more than just lay out for you the best apps for free music downloads. I have included a review of each and every app. Feel free to browse through this cornucopia of information on free music apps, which will serve you up some great music within minutes without you having to dip into your bank. By sticking with these apps, your long attempts of searching for great music apps will become a thing of the past. Furthermore, I have included a top 10 table of my own personal apps for free music downloads for you to explore. Finally, beyond the review of each of the top 10 apps, I have also included a list and short review of many other good apps for free music download. So, enough of introductions and let’s get started … The Best Music Downloader Apps For Free Music Download: Top 10 Table APP NAME OVERALL RATING (On Google Play) Music Downloader APP ICON 4Shared 4.3 / 5 Spotify Music 4.5 / 5 Google Play Music 3.9 / 5 YouTube Music 4.4 / 5 Napster 3.9 / 5 RockMyRun 4.3 / 5 Gaana 4.2 / 5 SoundCloud 4.4 / 5 Saavn Music & Radio 4.2 / 5 MP3 Music Downloader 4 / 5 An Analysis and Review of Each Individual Top 10 App 4Shared Claiming the illustrious no.1 spot on the list is the 4Shared app. At the moment, according to Google Play online, this app has been downloaded over 4.5 million times. It goes without saying that this is an impressive number. Furthermore, with so many downloads and such a high rating, it is safe to say that this app is nothing short of great. To explain, 4Shared is basically a huge database in which everything, all files, are shared by its users. It may not be specifically designed for free music, but it certainly has large amounts of free music for you to download. Along with millions of music files, you can also share and download video files, images, and whatever other media which the app supports. Ultimately, 4Shared has thousands of media files in its grasp, a lot of which are great, free music files. 4shared 4shared is one of the best free music download apps for android. 4shared provides a nice user experience. I love this app and would recommend to all. Moreover, it is completely ads free music download app for android. 4shared is a very fast app. Rated 4.3 stars. Got 5 million downloads worldwide making it one of the best free music download apps for android. Keep on updating and last updated on June 14, 2016. Moreover, It’s size varies with the device because it has a full optimized theme. In conclusion, It is good for free mp3 music download. Also read: Watch free movies online Spotify Music Perhaps the most popular music-related programme in the world, Spotify has its own app form. Everyone has at least heard of Spotify, and millions of people across the globe use it as their go-to software for free music. The best part is, although it is technically a radio-streaming programme, you have complete control over what you want to listen to, unlike actual radio. SPOTIFY I personally use Spotify myself, and the reason is due to not just its huge wealth of great music, but because it is also legal and it contributes somewhat financially to the actual music artists. All things considered, this popular radio-streaming giant offers an incredible amount of free music. There are intermittent ads, but this doesn’t detract from Spotify’s quality and wealth of free, great music. Google Play Music This app, designed by Google, is essentially a free radio service. With Google Play Music you are given unrestricted (and legal) access to a whole bunch of free, great music. One of the best things about this app is that you can search for music depending on a certain mood. You can furthermore browse by genre or artist. Ultimately, the app is an easily straight-forward service which delivers some great music. It currently has around 2.5 million downloads recorded by the Google Play website, and a great overall rating of 3.9 out of 5. With this quality free app, you have nothing to lose but free great music by trying it out. So, guys since it was developed by google, it is one of the best free music apps for android. It has the latest technology. It completely ads free app. You can download this app from play store. It is a free music download apps for android which is fully bugfree, causes 0 no error. Works with google cloud hosting technology mean you can download music very fast. Google Music It is one of the best free music apps for android. It has been downloaded billions of times. Access youtube red with it but for its all features you need to take a paid plan. Has been rated 4.0 stars. Last updated on 8 June, 2016. You can even use its podcast feature. It seems like it has compatible with all the versions. YouTube Music We all know YouTube. This app, however, is a tiny bit different to the great website. With this app, you get “A YouTube built just for music”. Basically, this form of YouTube cuts out the non-music videos, leaving you with only the music. There are ads just like the actual website, but it’s worth the short ads to use this great app. With this app you can also create personalised stations which will adapt to your likes over time. In addition to all this, you can receive a full month of YouTube Red for free. This upgrade cuts out the adds and allows you to work offline. At present, YouTube Music has been downloaded around a quarter of a million times and holds a near-perfect overall rating of 4.4 out of 5. Youtube Music With this app you can also create personalised stations which will adapt to your likes over time. In addition to all this, you can receive a full month of YouTube Red for free. This upgrade cuts out the adds and allows you to work offline. At present, YouTube Music has been downloaded around a quarter of a million times and holds a near-perfect overall rating of 4.4 out of 5. Napster There was once a time when Napster was king of free music downloads. Although those days are gone, Napster has made a bit of a comeback. You can now download the Napster app for your phone and receive its free, great music, just like it once provided. Unlike most music-related apps and players, Napster has no irritating ads. Furthermore, you can listen to your music offline. Basically, with Napster, you can listen to your favourite playlist when travelling to work, without being interrupted by ads. Finally, the Napster app at the moment has been downloaded around 70,000 times. All things considered, although Napster is back in a new way, it still greatly delivers like its old ways. Napster Music Basically, with Napster, you can listen to your favourite playlist when travelling to work, without being interrupted by ads. Finally, the Napster app at the moment has been downloaded around 70,000 times. All things considered, although Napster is back in a new way, it still greatly delivers like its old ways. Rock My Run Are you perhaps interested in fitness? Does your week consist of regular workouts? If so, Rock My Run has been specifically designed for you. This app is manufactured for those who love to listen to music during workouts. Some of the best features about this app is that you can create some unique playlists. For example, you can make playlists which are moulded around a certain tempo or mood. If you wanted to create a fast playlist for running, for example, or an inspiring playlist for hill climbing, Rock My Run is the app for you. All in all, this app will certainly motivate you in the gym or in the great outdoors. ROckmyrun is an amazing free music app for fitness training app. You can hear your favourite music while running, jogging or exercising. You can hear some popular DJ’s with perfect beats for training. It will increase your confidence and enthusiasm and will motivate you to keep going. You just need to choose your favourite genre and then it will stream body driven music. I would really prefer his app as I am personally a sportsperson. Rock My Run Has been rated 4.3 stars which is amazing. Got 1 million+ downloads. Size is quite big. Finally, it’s size is 32 MB. It seems like it requires android version 4.0 or up. Furthermore, it even consumes fewer data. In conclusion, it is one of the best free music apps for android. Gaana This app is one of the most popular music apps for Hindi, Bollywood, Punjabi and other similar types of music. Most popular in India, Gaana also offers free streaming service for popular songs in English, Tamil, Telugu, Marathi, Kannada, and Malayalam. You can also browse through the charts and select your favourite tracks to listen to or place in your own personalised playlist. There are heaps of playlists on offer, ranging from collections of sad ballads to weekend party hits. Ganna: Music Ultimately, Gaana brings the best of India to your mobile phone, whilst also delivering some popular hits from the likes of David Guetta, Bruno Mars, and more. There are a recorded 10 million music tracks to choose from, as well as thousands of playlists. At present, Gaana has been downloaded more than 800,000 times according to Google Play. SoundCloud SoundCloud is a unique music programme used by millions of people and musicians for self-production. In other words, with SoundCloud, musicians everywhere are using this free platform to upload their music. Musicians everywhere are joining this free programme, and listeners everywhere likewise are tuning in to hear what common everyday people are producing. Once a music file is uploaded to SoundCloud, people from all over the world can tune in and listen to it for free. With SoundCloud, you can be either a listener or a giver of music, or both. Soundcloud is great music downloader free app. A lot of features. The enormous database of mp3 songs. Download your favourite music tracks or songs quickly from this app. Connect and share with your friend. Entirely ads free. Finally, you can download this Android app from the below link. It is an editor’s choice music downloader free app for Android. Furthermore, it has been downloaded billions of times. Sound Cloud Since it has been rated four stars, it is an amazing free mp3 download app for android. It seems like it requires Android 4.0 or up. It was last updated in June 2016. Furthermore, this free mp3 music downloader app was developed in Germany by SoundCloud. Finally, it is a fantastic music downloader free app for Android. I personally have many friends who record and upload their own music onto SoundCloud. The benefits of using SoundCloud is the fact that you can listen to undiscovered talent which the radio cannot deliver. You can listen to friends or upcoming breakthrough artists, before the music companies slap a copyright on the tracks. Of course, you won’t find top 50 artists through SoundCloud. This is why it doesn’t rank as highly on my list. Nonetheless, there is great music out there besides the popstars on the radio. Why not give it a try and perhaps you will find a local musician whose music you could love. Saavn Music & Radio Another Hindi-related app for free music downloads, Saavn is in contention for the best app for Bollywood music. Personally, I believe Gaana is a bit better, but Saavn nonetheless shouldn’t be ignored. Saavn gives pretty much everything that Gaana does, but there are some differences between the two apps. For example, with Saavn, you can also enjoy podcasts and audio programmes. By following your favourite artists, you will be notified when/if there are any updates. Saavn In addition, with Saavn you can listen to your favourite songs offline. Playlists are also in your control to create and then modify. Like Gaana, you still get the array of different music, from English to Bollywood, Hindi to Tamil. Saavn Music & Radio is proving to be quite popular, with around 750,000 downloads recorded on the Google Play site. MP3 Music Download An app as simple and effective as its title suggests, MP3 Music Downloader may not be as popular as the rest of these apps for free music downloads, but it certainly contends well. With this app, you have unlimited access to a bunch of music files, as well as unlimited music downloads. It’s all very simple with this app. Just search for the song, artist or genre you have in mind, let the app work its magic, and then begin your download. Download App You can alternatively just stream the track if you prefer. Ultimately, this app is one of the most basic music-related apps out there on the market. It has been downloaded only 8,356 times at present, but around 50% of users have rated the app a full 5 stars out of 5. Other Great Free Music Download Apps That Almost Made the Cut Apple Music From the mega power of Apple Music comes this useful app. There are approximately 30 million Apple tracks available to listen to through this app. However, I must declare early that this app is not completely free. On the other hand, if you subscribe you can use it for free for 3 months. The fact that Apple Music is not free has dropped it out of my personal top 10 apps for free music downloads. If it weren’t for this hick-up, however, Apple Music would have a fair shot at one of the highest positions on the top 10. There are thousands of playlists to go along with the huge library of 30 million Apple songs. You can create your own library of your favourite songs. Apple Music also offers regular recommendations depending on what you listen to. There are also radio stations and other audio programmes to delve within. Basically, if you don’t want to spend a penny, you can only have this app for a limited time. The Apple Music app currently holds an overall rating of 3.4 out of 5 on Google Play. Shazam I wrestled with myself for quite some time on where to put Shazam on this list. This app fully deserves a top 10 place, and 2 million people on Google Play would probably agree with that. At the present moment, Shazam has been downloaded almost 3 million times. Of these downloaders, around two-thirds of them have given Shazam the full 5 out of 5 rating. Another half a million have given the app a 4 star rating. Shazam has an overall rating of 4.4 out of 5 on Google Play. Besides these highly impressive statistics, what does Shazam have to say about itself? Apparently, top singers and celebrities like Adele and Demi Lovato are using the app for their own free music downloads. Some of the top features include: access to lyrics, identify music offline, add songs onto Spotify playlists from Shazam, and more. Shazam also uses amazing visual recognition scanning. This means if you see an album cover or poster, for example, which you want to know more about, use Shazam to scan it and the app will collect information about the music artist in question. There are many other little features which make Shazam a great free app to have. I highly recommend giving it a try, despite the fact that it has just slipped outside the top 10. Vevo In recent years, the Vevo corporation have placed their stamp on many of the biggest, most viewed music videos. Vevo is the result of the partnership between two of the giants of music distrubution: Sony Music Entertainment and Universal Music Group. From this we now have Vevo, the now-popular music video hosting service. So, what can their app do for you? This app as you may have already figured is focused solely on music videos. Due to the fact that this app deals with videos only, and not specifically free music download, it has thus crept out of the top 10 spot. With Vevo, you can watch your favourite music videos in HD and create playlists of the videos you like most. You can also favourite artists, and when a new music video is released by your favourited artist you will be notified. However, Vevo is only available in a select number of countries. The Vevo app is available in the following countries: Canada, USA, Brazil, Australia, Italy, Ireland, France, Germany, The Netherlands, UK, Spain, Mexico, Poland, and New Zealand. The app currently holds an overall rating of 4.2 out of 5 on Google Play. TuneIn Radio One of the most popular radio apps, TuneIn Radio offers an impressive 10,000 different radio stations for free. As a radio station app, it has thus fallen out of my top 10 apps for free music downloads. In addition to all this great music, you can also tune into the news, sports and weather broadcasts, as well as other radio programmes. With TuneIn Radio you can keep track of college basketball, the NFL, NBA, and the NHL. All of the radio is delivered live from the very sources. Therefore, you won’t be in complete control over what music artist or song you want to listen to. Nonetheless, you can choose a specific radio station out the thousands of quality stations on offer. Basically, TuneIn Radio sources thousands of top quality radio stations into one single app. There is an abundance of stations to choose from. The app currently holds an overall rating of 4.4 out of 5 on Google Play. Tidal This app combines high quality definition, high definition music videos, as well as valued information from music journalists. There are huge amounts of music on offer with Tidal. The app claims to offer over 40 million tracks, as well as more than 130,000 high definition music videos. As for the contributing journalists, you can try out the carefully selected playlists chosen by these musical experts. You can also read the well-crafted articles, recommendations and interviews provided by these music journalists. In addition to all this, there are no ads nor any ‘fuzzy images’. There is also an offline mode, which allows you to listen to your albums and playlists when you are out and about. The Tidal app currently holds an overall rating of 3.6 out of 5 on Google Play based on 38,653 votes. Heart Radio Again another radio app, Heart radio is a popular radio station situated in the UK. The app is plain and simple. This app is the official app of Heart Radio and thus brings the station to your device. With the app, you can also see what songs are playing next, re-listen to songs from the past week, view the top trending videos, get celebrity news, and more. Of course, this app isn’t exactly an app for free music downloads, hence why I haven’t included it in my top 10. It is, however, a good radio station nonetheless. The app currently holds an overall rating of 4.1 out of 5 on Google Play. Qello Concerts This app is quite unique. With Qello Converts, you can stream classic concerts and documentaries. This app is essentially a treasure chest full of old great live concerts which you can replay at any time. Some of the things which this app also provides are: One of more free tracks from each concert, more than 30 channels of continuous concert moments, and special free full-length shows. It may not be an app for free music downloads, but is is however an app for free music concert downloads. In addition, there are a whole bunch of award-winning music documentaries to feast your eyes and ears on. Qello Concerts currently holds an overall rating of 4.1 out of 5 on Google Play based on 23,233 user votes. Pandora Radio Unlike most radio apps, Pandora gives you complete control over what you want to listen to. With Pandora music, you can create individual stations or playlists for your favourite artists. Most Pandora apps allow you to store up to 100 different artist playlists. Once you have an artist playlist, you will be given anything by that artist on demand. Like I said, Pandora lets you create your own unique radio channels. Personally, I am a huge fan of Pandora, and it almost made its way into my top 10 favourite apps for free music downloads. You can upgrade to Pandora Plus, which will cut the ads, allow replays and skips, and offline playing. The Pandora Radio app currently holds an overall rating of 4.4 out of 5 on Google Play based on an impressive number of 2,651,882 user votes. I highly recommend this app, despite the fact I haven’t included it in my top 10. SongFlip The SongFlip app claims to offer its users the ability to stream millions of free songs online. I am unsure if there is actually millions on offer from SongFlip, but it does nonetheless offer a lot. The SongFlip app is one of the most basic apps for free music downloads. Simply search for your song or artist and begin streaming for free. There is a high chance that SongFlip has the exact song or artist that you have in mind. After all, it does claim to have millions of tracks to give. The SongFlip app currently holds an overall rating of 4.5 out of 5 on Google Play. Radio Player by Audials This app, yet another radio app, offers over 80,000 different radio stations across the USA. Simply search for an artist, a genre, song or album, and Audials will do its best to retrieve a station best suited to your search. In addition, you can record songs playing on any radio. In other words, if you hear a song which you happen to like but you don’t know the name of, you can choose to record the song right there and then. You can also connect your device to another computer belonging to you, thus allowing you to sync the selected music onto your home PC or laptop. The Radio Player by Audials app currently holds an overall rating of 4.4 out of 5 on Google Play based on 19,49 user votes. Radio Online – PCRADIO You’ve probably assumed by now that there are thousands of radio-related music apps. That assertion would be correct. However, Radio Online – PCRADIO is one of the best free radio apps out there, and the following is why. This app offers hundreds of free radio stations, which is not as many as the thousands offered by the above Radio Player by Audials, or, TuneIn Radio, for example. Nonetheless, Radio Online PCRADIO does have its own perks. With this app, you can use it even if you do have the lowest of internet speeds. Also, all the radio channels are categorised by artist and genre, making your searches easy. Furthermore, Radio Online PCRADIO also offers full discographies on several artists. The Radio Online PCRADIO app currently holds an overall rating of 4.7 out of 5 on Google Play based on 645,547 user votes. Other Great Music Downloader Apps For Free Music Downloads, and Apps Similar To Music Streaming The following apps are other apps for free music downloads. In addition there are some apps which are not quite designed to download free music. Some play music like many of the aforementioned apps and some are more unique in what they offer. SoundHound Picture yourself listening to a song, you don’t know who it’s by, and you have no way of finding out the artist. Well, these days we have SoundHound to do that for us. SoundHound can recognise voice clips, which will then generate heaps of results. You can save all your searches and import your findings into your Spotify account. The app comes with an embedded YouTube player so you can watch the music video of the found song (if there is one). You can also view the lyrics to the found song, or, if you wish, SoundHound will direct you to where you can purchase the track. There is also an abundance of information on numerous music artists to browse through. All this sounds great, but there is one snag. One version of SoundHound on the Google Play website is unfortunately not free ($3.99). On the other hand, there is another SoundHound app which is practically the exact same which is free. At the moment, I am trying to differentiate between the two apps and figure out if there is any difference. However, I can’t see any major differences, or a single difference at all. In short, search for the free version of SoundHound. This app currently holds an overall rating of 4.3 out of 5 on the Google Play website based on 623,731 user votes. Deezer – Songs & Music Player Deezer does everything that a good music app should do. One of the best features used on this app is called ‘Flow’.. Flow will suggest music based on your listening habits. You can also play unlimited playlists, tune into the radio and catch up on the news or sports, create your own playlists, and generally listen to some of the world’s leading musical icons. The Deezer app currently holds an overall rating of 4.1 out of 5 on the Google Play website. blinkbox Music A very basic app, blinkbox Music is an app specifically for android users. The app itself offers the essentials, such as unlimited streaming and a ton of free and popular hits. You can tune into top 40 playlists and other great additions. The blinkbox Music app currently holds an overall rating of 4.1 out of 5 on the Google Play website. YOUZEEK Free Music Streaming A great app which shouldn’t be ignored, YOUZEEK is offered in 16 different languages, and it has in store around 1 million music artists and 1,500 different genres to choose from. You can create and edit your own individual homepage, share playlists with friends and use the privacy settings. YOUZEEK is available in over 200 countries. The app currently holds an overall rating of 4 out of 5 stars on the Google Play website. Stingray Music This app is available for free if it is part of or related to a TV subscription which you have signed with. Stingray has around 2000 individualised music channels to select from. In total, there are around 100 different genres to browse through, and you can customise your very own channel. Stingray offers the basics of any other great free music streaming app. The app currently holds an overall rating of 4.3 out of 5 on the Google Play website. Torch Music With Torch music, you can experience all the pleasantries of listening to your favourite music without the interruption of ads. Think of Torch Music as an app similar to Spotify without the ads. You can also connect your Torch Music account with Facebook and share what you’re listening to with your friends online. The Torch music app currently holds and overall rating of 4.1 out of 5 on the google Play website. New Releases Ed Sheeran – Shape Of You Currently storming the charts across the world is the young English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran. After a few years from his last album release, Sheeran is back from a brief break to release his new album, Divide. In the event of its release, Ed has given us two songs from his newest album, Castle on the Hill and Shape of You. Shape Of You is currently number 1 in the UK as well as other countries, and is the perfect track to ‘get down to’ in the clubs (if you haven’t already). Chainsmokers – Paris The Chainsmokers are the biggest DJ act to appear from the music scene within the past year or so, and their most recent single Paris is storming the charts. In recent weeks, these guys have produced big hits like Closer and Don’t Let Me Down. Paris has that same vibe, which has thus placed the track highly on the official charts throughout the world. The song has the same elements has other big tracks, which will make it an essentially tune on any weekend playlist. Rag’n’Bone Man – Human This rising artist is from England, and his most recent song Human is not only taking the UK charts by storm, but it also reached no.1 in several other European countries. Rag’n’Bone Man is certainly a name to remember for the future. To put a name on the genre, I would classify the song itself as Soul track with a modern touch of R & B.  This song may very well top the charts in the next few weeks, so get listening now.   Q & A: Music Downloader Free Apps In case you are unsure about a few things related to downloading music onto your many devices, this post will hopefully clarify a few things for you. This section will explain everything from music downloads, to music apps, legal music downloads, and more. (Please note: in regards to illegal downloads, we advocate nothing. The following information is gathered from sources across the internet. The risk and consequence is entirely your own). How do you download a song from YouTube to your computer? If you have never heard of a YouTube converter, now is the best time to start using one. YouTube converters are free to use and take only a matter of seconds to use. There are many YouTube converter websites online, all you have to do is search ‘YouTube converter’. Best youtube converters-  mp3 juice How do you get music from YouTube? As mentioned above, YouTube converter websites are the best way to go. So, what exactly do they do and how to use them? The whole premise is simple. A YouTube converter snatches an audio track from a music video. It then allows you to download and keep this audio track. In order to do this, choose a reliable YouTube converter website and copy and paste the video link. After choosing to convert, the website will take the audio track and you can then download the file. Some of the better YouTube converter websites will allow you to download the audio track in different formats. How do you download a song from YouTube to your phone? You can access YouTube converters on your mobile phone just as easily as you can on your computer. Alternatively, you may be able to find some reliable YouTube converter apps online. Apps like Converter Tube and Video to mp3 are some apps online right now which could do the job for you. Just visit either Google Play or the iTunes app store. Some of these apps will most likely be free to download. What is the best app for downloading music? There are literally thousands of free, great apps online which will download music for you. To name just a few of these free music downloads apps: 4Shared, Google Play Music, SoundCloud, Napster. But other apps reviewed here are good as well. These music downloader apps can be downloaded easily from google play. Where can I download music for free legally? Despite most of the music download websites being illegal, there are in fact some websites in which you can get music for free. To list a few of these free, legal music download websites: FreeMusicArchive, Jamendo, SoundCloud, and Internet Archive. Most of these websites are simple music search engines, in which all you have to do is search for your desired track and then click on ‘download’. Furthermore, most of the music displayed on these websites are property of the public domain. Alternatively, you can also use torrents. Torrents have received a lot of attention due to legal matters. Most torrent sites are illegal, but there are, however, legal torrent sites in which you can either torrent or download music directly from the site. Here are some of the best legal torrent sites which you can use for music: Frostclick.com, Legittorrents.info, and Panda.cd. How do I get free music on my iPhone? Use apps! There are tons of free, great apps out there which can download music onto your phone within seconds. As mentioned above, here are some of the best apps for music downloads: 4Shared, Google Play Music, Napster, and Soundcloud. Check out our post on the best music download apps here. In addition to apps which can download music onto your phone. Apps like Spotify and Radio by Audials won’t necessarily allow you to download the music directly onto your phone, but there isn’t much difference in listening to free music at anytime with a great radio app, and listening to music which you have downloaded from another app. What is a music download? This is a very broad question which may require a lengthy answer. In its simplest form, a download is a file which has been shared from another computer to your own computer (or device). Like giving an item to another person, a download is essentially like a computer giving an item to another computer. Files come in many forms. Some files are as tiny as a few bytes, whereas some are as huge as a few gigabytes. There are also dozens of different music file types, such as: mp3, mp4, wma, ogg, mpeg-1, wav, and more – all of which correspond to or are usable within different software programmes. For example, mp3 is perhaps the most common file type for music downloads. Mp3 files can be used in almost any music playing software programme, like iTunes or Windows Media Player. On the other hand, a file type like WMA is more common to music playing programmes like Windows Media Player. Conclusion That concludes the heaps of great apps for free music downloads. We have given you a big list of free music download app for android. You just need a smartphone with android. You can even download some of the apps on your ios device. If you want to discover even more apps for free music, simply visit either Google Play or the Apple app store and search for ‘free music’ there. You will find dozens of great free apps for you to choose from. Happy searching and best of luck choosing the right apps! Thanks for reading this article. Have a Good Day!! Related Posts Top 10 Best Android Launcher Apps Steps For Learning How To Save Snapchat Videos Check Snapchat Online Login Through Your Web Browser The 10 Best Sites To Play Games Online For Free Without Downloading A List Of Top Genealogy Websites To Help You Discover Your Ancestry Kisscartoon.se and 6 other top Anime websites reviewed +11 Tweet Share5 Share1 Pin14 Stumble1 Filed Under: Best Sites, Blog, Review Comments toko says June 26, 2016 at 11:05 PM An interesting discussion is worth comment. To the next! All the best!! Reply Harsh says June 27, 2016 at 4:14 AM Thank you for your good wishes Reply lords mobile says June 27, 2016 at 4:17 PM Нello! I could have sworn I’ve recognized tһis website earlier but after browsing through many of the artіcles I realized іt’s new to me. Anyhow, I’m certainly happy I came across it and I’ll be boоk-marking it and checking back regularly! Reply Harsh says June 27, 2016 at 4:52 PM Thanks for appreciation Reply perlengkapan bayi says June 29, 2016 at 12:07 AM Good info. Lucky me I found your site by chance (stumbleupon). I’ve book-marked it for later! Reply Harsh says June 29, 2016 at 3:43 AM Thanks for appreciation Reply Adidas says June 29, 2016 at 6:25 AM Tremendous things here. I’m very satisfied to see your post. Thank you so much and I’m having a look ahead to contact you. Will you kindly drop me a e-mail? Reply Harsh says June 29, 2016 at 7:14 AM Thanks for appreciation. Use contact form available in the menu Reply john says July 9, 2016 at 7:24 AM I am actually grateful to the holder of this web site who has shared this great piece of writing at at this place. Reply Harsh says July 9, 2016 at 1:22 PM Thanks bro Reply Maxim says December 3, 2016 at 8:07 AM One more app on Google Play to check out – MP3 Hunter: All the music is free and released under Creative Commons license. You can search and download around 1 million free songs of any genre possible. Rather minimalistic UI but with all the functionality needed – search, play, download, share. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Search The Site LEGAL DISCLOSURE Home Best Sites Review Tips & Tricks Contact Archives February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 February 2016 free movies online dubbed anime free music download 123movies All rights are reserved. All the content and images belong to their respective owner. We have all the rights to modify & edit any comment which is found to be spammy or abusive. Pages About Contact Legal Disclosure PRIVACY POLICY SiteMap- User Friendly sitemap For Visitors Recommended Watch Free Movies Online Free Movie Downloads 123movies best torrent sites dubbed anime music downloader free Copyright © 2017 TechWhack.com +11 Tweet Share5 Share1 Pin14 Stumble1
Home White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Calendar About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here Channels Featured Products White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Channels Customer Experience Digital Experience DAM Digital Workplace SharePoint & Office 365 Web CMS Mobile Document Mgt Google Becomes the Latest Unlikely Defender Of Email Privacy By David Roe | Feb 6, 2017 CHANNEL: Information Management Google will appeal a ruling ordering it to turn over data to the FBI PHOTO: Morgana Bartolomei US Magistrate Judge Thomas Rueter on Friday ordered Google to hand over emails stored outside of the US to the FBI. The emails were subject of two search warrants issued by the FBI in August 2016 as part of a domestic fraud investigation. Google will appeal the ruling. Google Privacy Rulings In the ruling, Rueter explained the warrants requested emails sent and received by two residents of the US.  Google, the ruling adds, had partially complied with the warrant by “by producing data that is within the scope of the warrants that it could confirm is stored on its servers located in the United States.” The warrant continues: “Google, however, has refused to produce other data required to be produced by the warrants, relying upon a recent decision of a panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, Matter of Warrant to Search a Certain E-Mail Account Controlled & Maintained by Microsoft Corp.” He concluded, “Though the retrieval of the electronic data by Google from its multiple data centers abroad has the potential for an invasion of privacy, the actual infringement of privacy occurs at the time of disclosure in the United States.” Hearkening Back to the Case Against Microsoft The order goes against a previous ruling in a case against Microsoft which found in favor of the company. In that case, the 2nd US Circuit Court of Appeals in New York decided US investigators could not force Microsoft to hand over emails stored on a server in Dublin. Google is using that finding as the basis of its appeal. In a statement issued over the weekend, a Google spokesman said: “The magistrate in this case departed from precedent, and we plan to appeal the decision. We will continue to push back on overbroad warrants.” The Microsoft decision last July was welcomed at the time by both the tech industry and civil liberties organizations. On Jan. 24, the same appeals court decided by a 4-4 vote not to revisit its landmark decision. However, four dissenting judges called on the US Supreme Court or Congress to reverse it, saying the decision hurt law enforcement and raised national security concerns. So even if Google manages to have Friday’s ruling overturned, the Supreme Court may be forced to enter the fray.  Both cases involved warrants issued under the US Stored Communications Act, a 1986 federal law which many tech companies consider outdated. The law could have broader impacts on deals such as the EU-US privacy shield data sharing agreement which came into force Aug. 1, 2016. Not Exactly Paragons of Privacy No one will mistake Google, or any of the big tech companies, crusaders for online privacy. Google itself admitted in 2013 that it machine scans Gmail for the purposes of personalized advertising.  However, tech companies have consistently defied authority requests for personal information. David Drummond, Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer at Google explained in a recent blog post: “It’s important for law enforcement agencies to pursue illegal activity and keep the public safe. We’re a law-abiding company, and we don’t want our services to be used in harmful ways. But it’s just as important that laws protect you against overly broad requests for your personal information.” he wrote.  0 Comments Top Articles Related Articles Recent Comments When Personas Go Wrong or, The Search for 'Fluffy' Forrester Analyst: PaaS a ‘Revolution’ for Web Content Management Office 365 for Mac: You've Come a Long Way, Baby Don't Expect Slack to Dominate Enterprise Collaboration — Yet The Aha Moment That Taught Me What Customers Really Want A Risk Manager's Most Powerful Tool: The Word 'Why' In the Data-Driven Business Age, Storage Needs to Be a Priority Google Becomes the Latest Unlikely Defender Of Email Privacy Xerox Spinoff Conduent Poised for Growth, CIO Says OpenText 'Fully Committed' to Documentum, Other Dell EMC ECD Products Useful Article? Email this Article Stumble This Follow @CMSWire Tags data privacy, email, email management, gmail, google, information management, microsoft, privacy, risk management   Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Resources CMSWire's DX Summit Content Marketing Document Management Software Selecting a Web CMS SharePoint Migration Tools List Sitecore Consultant View All Events Add Your Event Events RSS Featured Events Feb 21 Container World Santa Clara 2017 Feb 22 [Earley Executive Roundtable] The Evolving Role of the Chief Data Officer Mar 2 [CMSWire Webinar] The New Rules of Employee Engagement Mar 7 [CMSWire Webinar] How to Simplify and Modernize ECM Mar 9 [CMSWire Webinar] User-Centric DX: Personas, Journey Map & Design Jun 19 Digital Workplace Experience Chicago 2017 Nov 13 CMSWire's DX Summit Chicago 2017 About Us CMSWire is a popular web magazine published by Simpler Media Group. We provide news, advice and analysis for professionals driving digital customer experience strategy, evolving the digital workplace and creating intelligent information management practices. The CMSWire team produces 500+ authoritative articles per quarter for a community of over 750,000 market influencers. Read more about us or learn how to advertise here. We also have a Reader Advisory Board. More: Monthly Editorial Calendar Article Submission Guidelines DX Summit Conference Advertiser Media Kit Stay In the Loop Get Our Newsletter Most Popular Articles When Personas Go Wrong or, The Search for 'Fluffy' view comments Forrester Analyst: PaaS a ‘Revolution’ for Web Content Management view comments Office 365 for Mac: You've Come a Long Way, Baby view comments Don't Expect Slack to Dominate Enterprise Collaboration — Yet view comments The Aha Moment That Taught Me What Customers Really Want view comments Recent Comments © 2017 Simpler Media Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy. Terms of Use. Powered by Sitecore and Coveo. SMGP v2.1.6249.1883. NL-01a Get the CMSWire Newsletter Receive concise summaries of what's happening in your industry Get access to exclusive reports, white papers and webinars We take your privacy seriously NL-03a Get the CMSWire Newsletter You'll receive: Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Early Event Invites Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously Get the CMSWire Newsletter Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously You'll receive Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Webinar Invites NL-03a Join 55,000 of your peers Get the CMSWire newsletter. Access exclusive news, best practices and events.
Reuters BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 BT supports Google's Android in EU antitrust row Reuters Feb. 6, 2017, 10:36 AM 387 facebook linkedin twitter email print LONDON, Feb 6 (Reuters) - BT has become the first major telecoms company to back Google in a battle with EU regulators, defending the "stability and compatibility" of the Android operating system, which is in the sights of anti-trust regulators. The EU says Google stifles competition by forcing smartphone makers to pre-install its search function and browser to access its other apps, such as Google Play, on Android. EU regulators were already investigating the U.S. company over the promotion of its own shopping service in its search engine before they opened a second front last year. "We can confirm that our legal team has written to the European Commission regarding their investigation," said a spokesman for BT. "We told them BT is free to pre-install its own or third party apps on devices alongside pre-loaded Google apps." It was not clear why BT, which bought the EE mobile phone brand last year, had decided to go public on its position. The EC has said that Google keeps a grip on the development of Android, which is an open source system, by requiring phone manufacturers to agree not to sell devices running on modified versions if they wanted to pre-install Google apps. Critics claim Google is stifling innovation and the development of competing platforms, but BT said tight control over the platform was a positive not a negative. "We also said that, as an app provider, we value the ongoing stability and compatibility of operating systems, whether they are 'open source' or 'closed source'," the spokesman said. Google has said the Android system carefully balances the interests of users, developers, hardware makers and mobile network operators. "Android hasn't hurt competition, it's expanded it," the company's lawyers said in November. The company has also said the case is based on a flawed premise because it does not see Apple's operating system as a rival to Android. (Reporting by Paul Sandle; Editing by Keith Weir) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: The world's largest tech fund is considering a $1 billion plus investment in WeWork Silicon Valley is financing the fight against Trump's immigration policy (BOX, NFLX, MSFT, AAPL) Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power More: Reuters Company News EU-GOOGLE/ANTITRUST-BT facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru BT supports Google's Android in EU antitrust row BT supports Google's Android in EU antitrust row LONDON, Feb 6 (Reuters) - BT has become the... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Reuters Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Share Tweet We round up the best cheap phones you can buy PC Advisor Phones Smartphone reviews Best smartphones Smartphone tips Smartphone buying advice Smartphone deals Laptops Laptops reviews Laptops tips Best laptops Laptops buying advice Tablets Tablet reviews Best tablets Tablet tips Tablets buying advice Deals Reviews Smartphones Laptops Tablets PCs Software Apps Printers Storage Devices Wearable Tech Digital Home Wi-Fi and Networking Games consoles Tech accessories Audio Displays Graphics cards Cameras Computer Mice and Keyboards How To Windows Security Apple Android Smartphones Tablets Software Laptops Broadband Gadgets Games Smart Home Audio Photo & Video Printing Components Desktop PCs Peripherals PC Upgrades Linux Business Enterprise Social Networks Tech Industry Internet 3D Storage Downloads Windows downloads Mac downloads Linux downloads iPad & iPhone downloads Android downloads Windows Mobile downloads Audio, Video & Photo downloads Backup & Recovery downloads Design & Illustration downloads Developer & Programming downloads Disc Burning downloads Finance & Accounts downloads Games downloads Hobbies & Home Entertainment downloads Internet Tools downloads Kids & Education downloads Networking Tools downloads Office & Business downloads Operating Systems & Distros downloads Portable Applications downloads Security downloads Social Networking downloads System & Desktop Tools downloads Forums Tech Helproom Windows Help Digital Home & Smartphones Help Consumer Rights Advice Apple Help Games Speakers Corner Beta Testing All All Features Reviews How-Tos Downloads Forums Search PC Advisor Reviews How to Group Tests Features Buying Advice New Products Deals Forums Advisors Games Entertainment Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Hot Topics Android Wear 2.0 MWC 2017 Windows Cloud Galaxy S8 Nokia Android phone LG G6 Latest Tech Deals » Home Test Centre Smartphones Test Centre Best cheap phone 2017 UK Best cheap phone 2017 UK: The 20 best budget smartphones under £150 Best cheap phone 2017 UK What's the best cheap phone? Buying on a budget doesn't have to entail a compromise. The 2015 Moto G is even now a magnificent budget phone, and there are plenty of other cheap phones in our round-up of the best budget phones you can buy in the UK in 2017. Best budget smartphone reviews. A little money can go a long way in the smartphone market. We round up the best phones under £150 By Chris Martin | 06 Feb 17 Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on PC Advisor and thought you should see it too. Comments Best cheap phone 2017 UK Best budget phone RRP Key specifications Motorola Moto G (3rd gen) £149 Android 5.1.1 Lollipop, Snapdragon 410, 1/2GB RAM, 8/16GB storage, 5in HD, 2470mAh Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 £125 Android 5.0.2 Lollipop, Snapdragon 615, 2GB RAM, 16GB storage, 5.5in Full-HD, 3000mAh Vodafone Smart Prime 7 £75 Android 6.0 Marshmallow, Snapdragon 210, 1GB RAM, 8GB storage, 5in HD, 2540mAh Jump straight to our full best budget phone chart What's the best budget phone? The best cheap phone in the UK is the Moto G 3rd-gen after it's price cut, followed by the Vodafone Smart Ultra 6. Also check out the Smart Ultra 6 and the Xiaomi Redmi 3S as cheap alternatives. Read more about these phones and some top cheap phone alternatives in our best budget phones chart below. Plus: what to look for in a budget phone. Also see: Best Phone Deals In our experience the best way to get a cheap phone is to buy it SIM-free then grab a great-value SIM-only deal. You won't be paying £50-odd per month for a phone for the next two years, and you can swap it for a newer model whenever you fancy it and have the spare cash. All the phones in our best budget phones chart cost under £150, which is just a quarter of the price you'll pay for flagships such as the Galaxy S7, HTC 10 and LG G5 - also see Best phones 2017. If you are in the market for a budget phone, you'll quickly find that some of the best deals are sold via mobile operators. What you need to watch for is whether these phones are sold locked to that operator's network. This is the case with the best cheap phone on our list - the Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 -  but if you don't want to become a Vodafone customer you should look further down the list for a non-network-branded handset, such as the Moto E. Also see: Best kids' phones 2017 We've rounded up some of the best network-unlocked phones here, and an alternative route to getting a cheap unlocked phone is to buy a Chinese phone, and you'll find some of these in our group test. You might not have heard of the brands, and they won't be available on the UK High Street (save for the likes of Huawei and ZTE), but Chinese phones are well-known for offering amazing specs for the money and undercutting their European rivals. In most cases you'll get a phone with a mid-range specification at a budget spec. Of course there are down sides, for example what should you do if a phone bought from China is faulty? We've rounded up the major pitfalls in our article on buying grey-market tech, but if you're still interested you should see our round-up of the best Chinese phones 2017. Ranked in order below are our reviews of what we consider to be the best budget phones on sale right now. We've based this chart on the SIM-free price, specifications and performance of each budget smartphone. You can click on a phone in which you're interested to read the full review, see example photos from the camera and benchmark results. Best cheap phones: Buying advice If you're looking for a cheap phone, you have to accept the fact that the manufacturer is going to cut some corners to achieve that low price and you aren't going to get the same speed, features and quality of screen as you might with a phone costing two, three or even four times its price. It used to be the case that budget phones were instantly recognisable by their low-resolution displays, meagre amounts of storage and chunky, plastic bodies, but things are improving in this area all the time. These days, for £150 it's quite possible to buy a phone with a full-HD display and an 8mm body. Most will support 4G connectivity, but not all will support NFC (Chinese phones will often feature HotKnot in place of MediaTek and, although it's a similar technology, it isn't the same.) We've broken down some of the key areas of specifications below. There are two main operating systems that you will find on a budget smartphone: Google Android and Windows Phone 10. These operating systems will let you download the major apps such Facebook, Twitter, Skype, WhatsApp and more. However, if you want native Google apps including Gmail, YouTube, Maps and others, you should to opt for a smartphone running Android. We like Windows Phone, but the choice of apps is more limited, especially when it comes to UK-specific ones and those for physical gadgets such as smart home devices. Also, apps may not have the same set of features that you get on Android. You can't download TV shows from BBC iPlayer on Windows Phone, for example. And that will be a deal-breaker for some people. Also see: Best sounding phone 2017. Best cheap phones: What to look for in a cheap phone Budget phone processor At the moment we have a strange situation where some cheap phones have the same processor - and performance - as much more expensive phones. For example, the 4G version of the Motorola Moto E has the popular Snapdragon 410 CPU. Yet, there are lots of phones costing twice at much as the Moto E's price with exactly the same chip. What's important is not the benchmark results (they're a way to compare phones to see if one is better or worse than another) but whether they feel responsive in real-world use. You'll need to read our reviews to find out whether a phone performs well or not. Budget phone battery Battery life is also a factor in performance. However, there's isn't a great difference between the best and worst budget phones in this respect. They generally have similar size batteries which typically last a day (and a bit) in 'normal' use. Of course, if you use the phone for hours on end to browse the web, use it as a sat nav, play games or watch videos you'll find the battery might run out well before the day is out. Battery saver modes won't really help here, since the only modes which will significantly extend battery life will also prevent you from doing those things and limit use to phone calls and text messages. A plus point of budget phones when it comes to battery life is that they very often feature lower-resolution screens, which places less of a strain on the battery. Budget phone screen When it comes to screens, arguably the other component you should care about, there are some things to look out for. One is resolution. With screen sizes gradually increasing, low resolutions mean text and icons can look blocky and jagged. On a 5in screen, 1280x720 is the minimum you want, but higher is always better, and as we've mentioned you can find a full-HD screen at this price (don't expect Quad-HD). On smaller phones with, say, 4.5in screens, you can get away with 960x540, but you really can do better. Screen quality and brightness may not be so important to you, but it's worth checking our reviews to find out if a screen is particularly good or bad. Low brightness can make a screen difficult to view in bright sunlight. Budget phone cameras People's phones are increasingly their main camera, so it pays to choose a phone with the best possible camera for photos and videos. Cameras are the first items to be cut down in budget phones, so it's common to find low-quality, low-resolution sensors and lenses. We always take test photos and videos and explain whether they're any good or not in our reviews. What you can't do is to look at a camera's specifications and work out whether it will take good shots or not: the numbers are largely meaningless - although they can be a good guide to how capable a phone camera is going to be. If one manufacturer offers a 13Mp rear camera and another just 5Mp, it doesn't take a genius to expect better quality from the manufacturer who offers 13Mp. Just be sure to check that 13Mp camera is not actually an 8Mp camera using software interpolation to get to 13Mp. Don't overlook the front camera. It's rare not to get one at all if you're spending over £60, but quality varies hugely. Avoid anything with a very low VGA (640x480) resolution and aim for at least 1.2 or 2Mp. In many cases these days you can get 5Mp at this price. Numbers do matter at this level, as manufacturers often really skimp on the front camera, so if selfies or Skype chats are order of the day, choose a budget phone with a good front camera. Best cheap phones: Software We've already mentioned the difference between Android and Windows Phone. Android is the best choice for most people, but be aware that manufacturers often add their own interfaces on top of Android. Google's own Nexus phones and Motorola's have 'plain' Android, but the rest are customised to greater or lesser degrees. Again, our reviews will give the specific details. Some of these interfaces have extra features worth having, or a replacement camera app that's much better than the stock Android one. Others take it too far and can also be sluggish and unresponsive. Going or a phone with plain Android generally means you'll get any updates faster, especially when a whole new version of Android comes out. It can be a wait of many months for other phones, or they may not get updates at all. Read next: Best new phones coming in 2017 Best cheap phones 2017 UK: 1. Motorola Moto G (3rd gen) Rating: Reviewed on: 18 May 16 RRP: From £149 inc VAT Compare: all Motorola Moto G (3rd gen) deals With various upgrades including a waterproof design, great cameras and stock Android, the new Moto G 2015 is a great affordable phone. The device is still a bit chunky and it's a shame to see the stereo speakers gone. It's worth opting for the model with 16GB of storage and 2GB of RAM. Now with a price cut to £149, the Moto G 3rd-gen is the best budget phone you can buy. Read our Motorola Moto G (3rd gen) review. 2. Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 Rating: Reviewed on: 4 August 15 RRP: £125 Compare: all Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 deals The Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 is worth its £125 price tag without a doubt. It's one of the best experiences we've had with a budget smartphone, and nothing about this phone suggests that it's budget apart from its price tag. Compared to the Smart Prime 6, this is definitely the better option to go for and we'd definitely pay the extra £50 for it – it's more powerful, has better cameras and a larger, higher quality display. It won't run the latest 3D mobile games but for every day use, it's a great phone and the fact that you can add up to 128GB of external storage means that there’s more storage than you can shake a stick at. Great work Vodafone. Read our Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 review. 3. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Rating: Reviewed on: 29 June 16 RRP: £75 Pay as you go Compare: all Vodafone Smart Prime 7 deals We like the improved design of the Smart Prime 7 and Vodafone has even dropped the price, even if it is by £4. You get a decent phone for the money but we can't help but be a little disappointed by the downgrade to a Snapdragon 210 and that the camera is suddenly limited to 720p. Prime 6 owners have little reason to upgrade and although you can't go too wrong for just £75 you might be better off spending a little more on a better rival. Read our Vodafone Smart Prime 7 review. 4. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Rating: Reviewed on: 25 June 15 RRP: £79 Compare: all Vodafone Smart Prime 6 deals The Vodafone Smart Prime 6 is a great budget smartphone that we think is worth more than the £79 that Vodafone asks for it. Its processor may not be able to compete with grey-market phones like the Doogee F1 Turbo Mini, but it handles day-to-day use just fine with no noticeable lag. While the Moto E 4G performed slightly better during our benchmarks, the Smart Prime 6 has a bigger screen, better camera and is £30 cheaper, making it our choice out of the two handsets. Read our Vodafone Smart Prime 6 review. 5. Xiaomi Redmi 3S Rating: Reviewed on: 11 August 16 RRP: £100 Buy from Xiaomi Tech Compare: all Xiaomi Redmi 3S deals Right now the Redmi 3S Pro is available for just an extra £5 over the 3S, but ordinarily we would have said you will struggle to find better value for money than what is offered by Xiaomi's new Redmi 3S. This budget Android phone is feature-packed and capable, and has a new fingerprint scanner. You can't expect any more for £120, just remember that Google Play isn't installed out of the box. Read our Xiaomi Redmi 3S review. 6. Vodafone Smart Ultra 7 Rating: Reviewed on: 19 July 16 RRP: £135 Compare: all Vodafone Smart Ultra 7 deals Vodafone’s Smart Ultra 7 in our opinion isn’t really an upgrade over the Smart Ultra 6. It’s £10 more expensive than the previous model and doesn’t really perform as well – the Smart 7 had worse benchmarking results than its predecessor in GFXBench, scoring 13fps compared to 14fps in T-Rex and 5.3fps compared to 5.7fps in Manhattan, although the Smart Ultra 7 bested the 6 in Geekbench 3 with results of 3002 compared to 2469. The camera, though the same on paper, seems to have had a slight downgrade too, producing rather washed out photos during testing. On the other hand, the 5.5in 1080p HD display is vibrant and crisp, and one must remember that the smartphone only costs £135 so if you are on a budget, it’s still a solid option. Read our Vodafone Smart Ultra 7 review. 7. Motorola Moto E 4G Rating: Reviewed on: 3 March 15 RRP: £109 inc. VAT Compare: all Motorola Moto E 4G deals The new Moto E 4G is a worthy upgrade over the original Moto E, with upgrades in every area. For an extra £20 it adds 4G LTE connectivity and a front-facing camera, plus performance and storage improvements. It might not be as fast as the grey-market Doogee F1 Turbo Mini, but this Moto E 4G is a much better deal than the EE Kestrel, making it the best budget 4G phone intended for UK sale we've seen. Read our Motorola Moto E 4G review. 8. Cubot P12 Rating: Reviewed on: 21 January 16 RRP: £74.99 inc. VAT Compare: all Cubot P12 deals We can't argue with the immense value for money offered by the Cubot P12. It's not the fastest budget phone we've seen, but it is probably the best-looking. The lack of 4G support is disappointing, but the spec sheet otherwise offers fairly impressive reading at this price. A strong rival to the Vodafone Smart Prime 6 as a network-unlocked budget smartphone, even if Vodafone as a brand is much better-known in the UK than is Cubot. Read our Cubot P12 review. 9. Wileyfox Swift Rating: Reviewed on: 26 November 15 RRP: £129 inc VAT Compare: all Wileyfox Swift deals For a brand-new smartphone maker's first effort, we're impressed with the Wileyfox Swift. It's a stylish little handset which offers essentially the same specs as the Moto G for less money. We love the customisation available in Cyanogen OS but elements such as the cameras aren't as good as rivals. Vodafone's Smart Ultra 6 remains a better option for slightly less money - unless a 5.5in screen is too big in which case look at the Smart Prime 6 as an alternative. Read our Wileyfox Swift review. 10. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Rating: Reviewed on: 31 May 16 RRP: £121 plus import duty from China (16GB storage, 2GB RAM) Compare: all Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 deals The Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 may not be best suited to UK users out of the box, but with some simple setup tweaks it is an excellent budget Android phone with a fantastic design and performance for the price.  Read our Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 review. 11. Xiaomi Redmi 3 Rating: Reviewed on: 2 February 16 RRP: £114.95 Compare: all Xiaomi Redmi 3 deals The Xiaomi Redmi 3 is a very decent budget Android phone, but it isn't intended for a UK audience and doesn't come with Google Play installed out of the box, so we wouldn't recommend it for those not familiar with Android. It has a plasticky but decent build, with good performance for the money.  Read our Xiaomi Redmi 3 review. 12. Bluboo X9 Rating: Reviewed on: 25 January 16 RRP: £82.02 Buy from Bluboo Compare: all Bluboo X9 deals We never fail to be impressed by how much value you can get for your money if you're prepared to buy a smartphone from China rather than the UK. Bluboo might not be well known over here, but its X9 is a stylish phone that packs in both a fingerprint scanner and a 5in full-HD screen for just £110. General performance is capable, and there's plenty of space here for all your apps and media.  Read our Bluboo X9 review. 13. Meizu M3 Note Rating: Reviewed on: 19 June 16 RRP: £132.58 Buy from Meizu Compare: all Meizu M3 Note deals The Meizu M3 Note is a great phone, with outstanding battery life and a nice metal unibody design, but it isn’t a patch on the Xiaomi Redmi Note 3, which is faster and comes with a better camera, more up-to-date software and, importantly, a cheaper price tag. That said, it’s difficult for us to recommend to UK users (particularly novice UK users) the Meizu M3 Note over other budget Chinese smartphones we’ve tested, given that Google Play is not preinstalled and so much of it has not been adapted from Chinese. Read our Meizu M3 Note review. 14. EE Harrier Mini Rating: Reviewed on: 7 July 15 RRP: £99 inc. VAT Compare: all EE Harrier Mini deals We're much keener on the Harrier Mini than we are its bigger brother. While both phones offer very good value, £99 sounds much more appealing than £199, and we prefer the Mini's more compact design. Performance is slower and the screen isn't as good, but you won't get top-end specs from either phone. But as much as we think the Harrier Mini is a great deal, the Vodafone Smart Prime 6 offers better value. It's £20 cheaper and has a larger, better screen, and it seems more adept in photography. Buy the Harrier Mini over the Smart Prime 6 only if you'll benefit from Wi-Fi Calling once it becomes available.  Read our EE Harrier Mini review. 15. Motorola Moto G 2014 (second generation) Rating: Reviewed on: 15 September 14 RRP: £145 inc VAT Compare: all Motorola Moto G 2014 (second generation) deals With a bigger screen, much better speakers and improved cameras, the new Moto G is a great budget smartphone. The lack of support for 4G will be a deal-breaker for some, though. It isn't without its rivals, but if you're specifically looking for a budget dual-SIM Android phone, it's a good choice. Read our Motorola Moto G 2014 (second generation) review. 16. Just5 Blaster 2 Rating: Reviewed on: 12 November 15 RRP: 149 Euro + 12 Euro shipping (approx £105 + £8.50 shipping) Compare: all Just5 Blaster 2 deals Although you can't just walk into a shop and buy it in the UK, this Just5 Blaster 2 is certainly a better budget buy than the Samsung Galaxy Core Prime. At around £105 it's no surprise to find a plastic build, but we appreciate the inclusion in the box of interchangeable colour covers. The screen is good, if a little dull, and performance is spot-on at this price point. The cameras are acceptable, and the software free of bloat. A good all-round budget option.  Read our Just5 Blaster 2 review. 17. Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Rating: Reviewed on: 21 October 15 RRP: £109 inc VAT Compare: all Samsung Galaxy Core Prime deals If you love Samsung Android phones then you'll like the Galaxy Core Prime. It does lack a few features, but the missing ambient light sensor is one cut corner too far. For only £79, we prefer Vodafone's Smart Prime 6. It has a 5in 1280x720 screen, better cameras and an ambient light sensor. Plus it runs an essentially plain version of Android. Read our Samsung Galaxy Core Prime review. 18. EE Rook Rating: Reviewed on: 22 July 15 RRP: £49.99 Buy from Everything Everywhere Compare: all EE Rook deals If you don't mind the basic design, the EE Rook isn't a bad little phone at all. We can hardly argue with the price of £39 for existing customers and the performance is better than we expected for a sub-£50 phone. It's mainly the miserable viewing angles of the screen which put us off so you are better off spending a little more if you can afford it. Read our EE Rook review. 19. Moto G 4G Rating: Reviewed on: 13 August 14 RRP: £135 inc VAT Compare: all Moto G 4G deals Motorola's Moto G is the best budget smartphone around. At £135 it's got great build quality, an excellent screen, decent cameras and Android 4.3 Jelly Bean soon to be upgrade to 4.4 KitKat. Read our Moto G 4G review. 20. Motorola Moto G 4G 2015 Rating: Reviewed on: 9 April 15 RRP: £149 inc. VAT Compare: all Motorola Moto G 4G 2015 deals If you're looking for a cheap 4G smartphone then the Moto E 4G is the best deal on the market right now. If you would rather have a cheap dual-SIM phone with 3G connectivity then the mark 3 Moto G is your best bet. But the new Moto G 4G for 2015 is not the best phone for either customer, and its larger, higher-resolution screen, marginally improved photography credentials and stereo sound are not enough for us to turn a blind eye to its £60 higher price, slower hardware and missing software features. Read our Motorola Moto G 4G 2015 review. Tags: Smartphones, Gadgets, Christmas Buying Guide 2016, Android, Windows Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on PC Advisor and thought you should see it too. Comments Comments Android Wear 2.0 release date and new features: Google lists smartwatches getting upgraded 1995-2015: How technology has changed the world in 20 years Intel's next-gen Cannonlake chips "will be more than 15 percent faster" than today's Best iPhone games 2017 | Best iPad games 2017: 160 fantastic iOS games that you need to play right… SPONSORED LINKS Synology invites you to visit them at Insomnia on 26th – 29th August. Book your tickets now and visit Synology. Tech Reviews Tech News Tech How To Tech Buying Advice Laptop Reviews PC Reviews Printer Reviews Smartphone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearables Reviews PC & Laptop Storage Reviews Antivirus Reviews Best Tech Deals Tech Forums PC Advisor Magazine UK Tech Weekly Podcast: Soundcloud / iTunes Advertising & Partnerships Advisors Android Advisor Apple Advisor Blackberry Advisor Broadband Advisor Business Advisor Chrome Advisor Laptops Advisor Photo & Video Advisor Printing Advisor Security Advisor Smart Home Advisor Smartphones Advisor Storage Advisor Tablets Advisor Windows Advisor About Contact Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies Follow PC Advisor on Twitter Follow PC Advisor on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
Share Tweet What's the best smartphone? The best phones you can buy in the UK PC Advisor Phones Smartphone reviews Best smartphones Smartphone tips Smartphone buying advice Smartphone deals Laptops Laptops reviews Laptops tips Best laptops Laptops buying advice Tablets Tablet reviews Best tablets Tablet tips Tablets buying advice Deals Reviews Smartphones Laptops Tablets PCs Software Apps Printers Storage Devices Wearable Tech Digital Home Wi-Fi and Networking Games consoles Tech accessories Audio Displays Graphics cards Cameras Computer Mice and Keyboards How To Windows Security Apple Android Smartphones Tablets Software Laptops Broadband Gadgets Games Smart Home Audio Photo & Video Printing Components Desktop PCs Peripherals PC Upgrades Linux Business Enterprise Social Networks Tech Industry Internet 3D Storage Downloads Windows downloads Mac downloads Linux downloads iPad & iPhone downloads Android downloads Windows Mobile downloads Audio, Video & Photo downloads Backup & Recovery downloads Design & Illustration downloads Developer & Programming downloads Disc Burning downloads Finance & Accounts downloads Games downloads Hobbies & Home Entertainment downloads Internet Tools downloads Kids & Education downloads Networking Tools downloads Office & Business downloads Operating Systems & Distros downloads Portable Applications downloads Security downloads Social Networking downloads System & Desktop Tools downloads Forums Tech Helproom Windows Help Digital Home & Smartphones Help Consumer Rights Advice Apple Help Games Speakers Corner Beta Testing All All Features Reviews How-Tos Downloads Forums Search PC Advisor Reviews How to Group Tests Features Buying Advice New Products Deals Forums Advisors Games Entertainment Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Hot Topics Android Wear 2.0 MWC 2017 Windows Cloud Galaxy S8 Nokia Android phone LG G6 Latest Tech Deals » Home Test Centre Smartphones Test Centre Best phone 2017 UK: Which is the best mobile to buy? Best phone 2017 UK: Which is the best mobile to buy? The best iPhones and Android phones out right now Best phone 2017 UK: Which is the best mobile to buy? What's the best phone? The best smartphone is the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge, but there are 19 other best mobile phones in our round-up of the best phones 2017. We reveal the best Android phones, best iPhones and best Windows phones. Best phone reviews. There are so many phones out there, but you can have only one. We help you find the best smartphone for you By Chris Martin | 06 Feb 17 Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on PC Advisor and thought you should see it too. Comments Best phone 2017 UK Best phone RRP Key specifications Samsung Galaxy S7 edge £639 Android 6.0 Marshmallow, Exynos 8890, 4GB RAM, 32GB storage, 5.5in Quad-HD, 3600mAh Samsung Galaxy S7 £569 Android 6.0 Marshmallow, Exynos 8890, 4GB RAM, 32GB storage, 5.1in Quad-HD, 3000mAh LG G5 £529 Android 6.0 Marshmallow, Snapdragon 820, 4GB RAM, 32GB storage, 5.3in Quad-HD, 2800mAh Jump straight to our full best phones chart  We help you choose your new smartphone with our guide to the 20 best phones you can buy in the UK in 2017. We round up the best smartphones including best Android phones and best iPhones - best phone reviews. Also see: Best Phone Deals Note: If you're looking for a new phone at the moment, you might want to hang on a little longer. MWC 2017 is around the corner and is when many new flagship phones will be launched. The current crop will soon be out of date so check out the best new phones coming in 2017. When we review smartphones we take into account their build quality and design, ease of use, features, performance and value, although the latter isn’t always such a big deal when it comes to a phone you are most likely to buy on a contract. Generally speaking a flagship phone will cost between £500- and £600, or between £40- and £50 per month on a contract. If you are buying SIM-free then you should also check out our best SIM-only deals. Value becomes more important when you consider older-generation phones. For example, we still think the Samsung Galaxy S6 is better than many of the phones in this chart, especially when you consider that it’s now available under £400 SIM-free. However, we move all older-generation smartphones to our best mid-range phones chart, and you’ll now find the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge sitting at the top of this best phones chart. We also have a best budget phones round-up if you're looking to minimise costs. Also see: Best kids' phones 2017. Note that we have removed the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 from our chart due to Samsung's discontinuation of it following battery problems. Best phone 2017: Android vs iOS vs Windows There are multiple mobile phone operating systems, but really only two worth talking about: Android and iOS. Windows phones account for around 1 percent of all phones sold, so it makes more sense to go with Android or an iPhone. If you do have your heart set on Windows, also see our list of the best Windows phones 2017. (Similarly, for purely Android choices see Best Android phones.) The vast majority of phones available run the Android operating system, with Marshmallow the latest version. While Apple’s iOS platform has a much lower market share, developers always release their apps on iOS so it has one of the best app stores you'll find. For more, see Android vs iPhone. Also, for a more in-depth look at each OS see our Android Marshmallow review, iOS 10 review and Windows 10 Mobile review. If you have an Android phone or and iPhone and want to move to the other type of phone, it's fair easy move your contacts and other data from one to the other. See How to move from Android to iPhone and How to move from iPhone to Android. What you can't move is paid-for apps, so keep this in mind if you're considering a change of platform. Best phone 2017: Why you should buy an unlocked phone An unlocked phone is one which is not tied to any particular mobile operator, such as Vodafone or EE. Buying unlocked usually means buying the phone outright without a SIM. The most important point is that an unlocked phone is almost always a better deal than buying a phone on contract. The only real exception to this are Apple's iPhones - because of their traditional popularity, operators do often subsidise the cost of buying an iPhone in order to lock you into a lucrative long-term deal. Generally speaking, however, if you can afford the upfront cost of the handset, you will pay less over the life of your phone by buying unlocked.  More importantly, you are not locked in. If you want a new handset at any time, you can buy one without having to up-purchase your way out of a contract, or commit to another two years.  SIM-free vs unlocked One thing to be sure of when purchasing an unlocked or 'SIM-free' phone is that not all SIM-free handsets are unlocked. The excellent Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 is a classic example of this. It is SIM-free, but if you want to use it for any network other than Vodafone you have to first use it for a month with a Voda SIM, and then pay £20 to get it unlocked. EE's own branded phones are similar. In both cases it may well still be better to buy network branded phones and go through the pain of getting them unlocked, than to buy on contract. But you should do your research before you take the plunge. We can help with that with our feature: 'How to unlock any phone'. The right SIM One other thing to consider is the size and shape of the SIM required for your phone. Make sure you get a nano-SIM if a nano-SIM is what your phone requires. If you get that wrong it is easily solvable - every network will gladly send over a different-sized SIM. SIM cards tend to come in all three sizes - you simply pop out the one you need. But that's assuming you are getting a new SIM, and if you're looking for a SIM-free phone or unlocked phone you probably already have one. You can buy adaptors that let you fit a Nano-SIM or Micro-SIM in a Micro-SIM or full-size SIM slot for a very small charge. More important is to make sure that if you want 4G you get a 4G-enabled phone and SIM. Best phone 2017: Smartphone material poll 20 best phones 2017 UK: Reviews Every single phone in our top 20 is here because we think it is an excellent device, with which few people will be disappointed. All are plenty fast for general tasks and gaming (see our benchmark results in What's the fastest phone?), have nice screens and decent photography capabilities. However, subtle differences mark them out in a fiercely competitive market. You can read the full, in-depth review of each of the 20 reviews below by clicking on the link. 1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Rating: Reviewed on: 12 January 17 RRP: £639 inc VAT Compare: all Samsung Galaxy S7 edge deals The Galaxy S7 edge is no longer the semi-gimmick it was before. Although some of the main features are things from the Galaxy S5 – Micro-SD and waterproofing – Samsung has given fans what they want. It's now a refined, sophisticated and highly desirable piece of technology. The battery isn't removable but the phone lasts longer than before and has seriously powerful specs under the hood. It has almost everything you could want from a phone even though the IR blaster is gone. We're also very impressed with the new camera and unless the screen is too big for you (despite some software features to help out) we think it's worth getting the S7 edge for the extra £70 with its gorgeous looks and extra functionality. Right now, this is the best smartphone money can buy. Read our Samsung Galaxy S7 edge review. 2. Samsung Galaxy S7 Rating: Reviewed on: 12 January 17 RRP: £569 inc VAT Compare: all Samsung Galaxy S7 deals The Samsung Galaxy S6 was the best phone of 2015 and, although it’s still early days, the Galaxy S7 is a serious contender for best phone of 2016. Samsung has taken into account what its fans want, addressing the three main areas of concern: removable storage, waterproofing and battery life. It’s also upgraded the core hardware and photography gear, added an always-on display and some useful software. Right now the Galaxy S7 is simply unbeatable. Read our Samsung Galaxy S7 review. 3. LG G5 Rating: Reviewed on: 5 May 16 RRP: £529 inc VAT Compare: all LG G5 deals The LG G5 is one of the most radical phones to come along in a while and we’re glad the firm has shaken things up with the modular design. The G5 is innovative and interesting with unique features but it’s a shame the design and build feels unfinished in areas. It’s a top-notch device which can hold its own with the best phones in performance and cameras, but it’s LG’s modular design which is the real selling point here. There is bags of potential but the future of this is unclear so it’s hard to be definite right now. The G5 is one of the best phones around but for completely different reasons to the Galaxy S7. Read our LG G5 review. 4. Apple iPhone 7 Rating: Reviewed on: 4 October 16 RRP: £599 (32GB), £699 (128GB), £799 (256GB)  The iPhone 7 is an evolution of the 6S, so if you were expecting a revolution you’ll probably be slightly disappointed. However, aside from the underwhelming battery life, it is an excellent phone. It’s waterproof, has fantastic cameras and performance, and the new stereo speakers sound great. There’s now 32GB of storage as a minimum, which helps to mitigate the higher prices. If you have an iPhone 6s, it’s hard to justify upgrading (even for some people with a 6) but if you’re out of contract and want a small phone, it’s the best Apple has made yet. Read our Apple iPhone 7 review. 5. OnePlus 3T Rating: Reviewed on: 10 February 17 RRP: From £399 Buy from OnePlus The OnePlus 3T will be unfairly compared, for now at least, to the phone that came before it. So let’s ignore it. On its own, the OnePlus 3T is everything a modern smartphone should be; slim, fast, and responsive, with above average battery life and cameras that produce stunning images. And then there’s the price. OnePlus may not like being known for it, but £399 remains an absolutely amazing price point for the phone on offer. As long as you don’t want an iPhone, this Android handset stands side by side with the Samsung Galaxy S7 as the best example of a smartphone on the market today – once we’ve all got over that it came a little sooner than we had expected. Read our OnePlus 3T review. 6. Xiaomi Mi5s Rating: Reviewed on: 29 November 16 RRP: £282.75 Buy from GearBest We cannot recommend the Xiaomi Mi5s enough. This is the smartphone every 2016 flagship wanted to be, and it comes with a price tag half that of theirs. Fantastic build quality, fantastic performance, fantastic storage, battery and connectivity options - the Xiaomi Mi5s gets a big thumbs-up from us. Read our Xiaomi Mi5s review. 7. Google Pixel Rating: Reviewed on: 9 December 16 RRP: £599 inc VAT The Pixel has plenty going for it: it’s small, well built, speedy and has excellent cameras. It also supports Google’s Daydream VR headset and runs the plain version of Android 7 – complete with Google Assistant - and will get timely updates. But it isn’t waterproof, doesn’t have a microSD slot or stereo speakers and we’d have preferred a quad-HD screen for VR use at this price. If those downsides don’t bother you, and the OnePlus 3T is too large, then the Pixel is a fine choice and a great Android phone. Read our Google Pixel review. 8. Apple iPhone 7 Plus Rating: Reviewed on: 19 October 16 RRP: £719 (32GB); £819 (128GB); £919 (256GB)   The iPhone 7 Plus is an excellent phone. It’s Apple’s best yet, but it is also Apple’s most expensive yet, with a huge starting price. In some respects, the upgrades seem to justify this, but at the same time some features are arguably only catching up with what the competition has been offering for a while now – water-resistance for one. Taken as a whole, the performance, battery life, camera quality and stereo speakers are all compelling reasons to upgrade. But our advice remains much the same as for the iPhone 7: if you already own the previous generation, there’s not enough here to justify ditching a 6S Plus, especially if you’re halfway through a two-year contract. Those just coming out of contract on the iPhone 6 or 6 Plus would do well to grab a 7 Plus.   Read our Apple iPhone 7 Plus review. 9. Huawei Mate 9 Rating: Reviewed on: 12 January 17 RRP: £599.99 Huawei’s Mate 9 is, in our opinion, the best in the Huawei line-up, boasting an impressively large battery alongside powerful internals, an improved dual-camera setup and a sleek, gorgeous design. The benchmark results were some of the best we've seen, bringing excellent value for money. EMUI 5 makes a huge difference to the overall experience too, and we can’t wait to see whether Huawei’s new technology will actually improve the performance of the smartphone over time. Read our Huawei Mate 9 review. 10. Google Nexus 6P Rating: Reviewed on: 28 April 16 RRP: From £449 inc VAT Originally, Nexus phones stood out for being excellent value at a price that was low, but not the lowest. They weren't an alternative to flagship phones, but they had the advantage of running stock Android and getting the next version more quickly. The 6P, though, is not only a flagship, but is arguably the best Android phone to buy at the moment. It won't suit everyone due to its size, nor those looking for a phone with dual-SIM slots or a removable battery. There's no support for wireless charging either. But the excellent screen, front-firing speakers, quick charging, great cameras, speedy performance and Android Marshmallow add up to make this a phone that's a pleasure to use. And yes, it's also cheaper than its rivals, so unless you think it's worth shelling out extra on the Note 5, Galaxy S6 Edge+ or iPhone 6S Plus, the Nexus 6P is the one to buy. Read our Google Nexus 6P review. 11. HTC 10 Rating: Reviewed on: 24 January 17 RRP: £569 inc. VAT There's a lot to like with the new HTC 10 including a number of hardware upgrades across screen, camera and audio, plus a Nexus-like stock Android experience. However, we're not totally sold on the design and it's tough at the top these days. While the HTC 10 is a solidly good phone and a respectible upgrade for M9 owners, it doesn't blow the competition out of the water. The features which appeal the most are more niche than mass market. Read our HTC 10 review. 12. Xiaomi Mi Note 2 Rating: Reviewed on: 8 December 16 RRP: £472.99 Buy from GearBest The Mi Note 2 was wrongly overshadowed at its launch. This is a gorgeous big-screen Android phone with very decent performance, a great camera and plenty of storage. We'd like to see a Quad-HD screen on Xiaomi's flagship phone, but this one should prove plenty sharp and clear. Google apps are not preinstalled, but there is a workaround if you are happy to do some tweaking. Read our Xiaomi Mi Note 2 review. 13. Huawei P9 Rating: Reviewed on: 27 April 16 RRP: £449 When comparing the P9 to other flagships, it’s important to remember the £449 price which makes it considerably cheaper than many of its rivals (but not the identically priced Nexus 6P that's also made by Huawei). Overall, we're impressed with the phone: it's well built, feels good and looks good. The cameras aren't the absolute best out there, it doesn't top the charts in game tests and the screen isn't Quad HD, but these minor quibbles are outweighed not only by the price but also because, unlike the Nexus, the P9 lets you stick in a microSD card to expand the storage. If you can afford it, the Galaxy S7 is a better phone overall, but this is a great choice if you can't. Read our Huawei P9 review. 14. iPhone 6s Plus Rating: Reviewed on: 9 September 16 RRP: From £619 inc VAT The iPhone 6S Plus is a remarkable phone, and it's still a fantastic phone 12 months on. The 16GB model has finally been banished and the new minimum storage of 32GB should be workable for a lot of people. 3D Touch can sound gimmicky, but it’s absolutely not. It requires effort to force yourself to use it to begin with, but it quickly becomes second nature and app developers have put it to use in apps and games. Read our iPhone 6s Plus review. 15. Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Rating: Reviewed on: 15 October 15 RRP: £484.99 Buy from Samsung So, what do we think of the Galaxy Note 5? We’re very fond of just about every aspect of the Galaxy Note 5, from its curved and sleek design to its vibrant display and high-resolution camera. It can handle almost anything you can throw at it thanks to its CPU, GPU and 4GB of RAM and we experienced no lag during our testing. The only bad point is that the Note 5 would sometimes falsely detect the S Pen detaching – and to point out such a minor fault says a lot about the quality of the handset. With this being said, we’re both surprised and sad that the Galaxy Note 5 won’t be heading to UK shores any time soon. Read our Samsung Galaxy Note 5 review. 16. Honor 8 Rating: Reviewed on: 5 September 16 RRP: £369.99 inc VAT The Honor 8 is a fantastic smartphone, but the price has gone up from the Honor 7. In return for the additional expense you get a fantastic dual-camera, a sleek and stylish design, a faster fingerprint sensor and a beautiful display, which combined make the Honor 8 a worthy competitor to the OnePlus 3. Read our Honor 8 review. 17. Google Pixel XL Rating: Reviewed on: 24 October 16 RRP: £719 (32GB) £819 (128GB) While the Pixel XL is an attractive phone (if you can get used to the glass section) with decent combination of hardware and software, we can't help but feel a bit disappointed. It's very similar to the much cheaper Nexus 6P and OnePlus 3. You can get plenty of other Android phones for less which have extra features like waterproofing and expandable storage. Sorry Google, but things have gone a bit wrong here. Read our Google Pixel XL review. 18. Sony Xperia XZ Rating: Reviewed on: 31 October 16 RRP: £539 inc VAT The Xperia XZ is an attractive phone in design if you can get on with the angular style and while it's cheaper than rivals such as the iPhone 7 and Google Pixel, you can get better value with some older phones like the Samsung Galaxy S7. While the hardware is decent, we can't help but mention the very similar Xperia Z5 will save you a lot of money. Read our Sony Xperia XZ review. 19. iPhone SE Rating: Reviewed on: 11 April 16 RRP: £379 inc VAT (16GB); £429 inc VAT (64GB) Buy from Apple The SE is what many iPhone fans have been asking for, and it's a great upgrade if you're still using an iPhone 5. For 5S owners, things aren't quite as clear cut. If you're not happy with the 5S's performance, the SE should solve that problem. However, unless you really want to shoot 4K videos, you're not going to notice a massive improvement in photo quality. There's a much bigger jump in quality if you're coming from an iPhone 5 (or earlier), however. Make sure 16GB is enough before you order: we'd recommend the 64GB version for most people. Read our iPhone SE review. 20. Motorola Moto G4 (2016) Rating: Reviewed on: 18 November 16 RRP: £169 Although the new Moto G4 is more expensive than the third-generation, Motorola is offering a Full HD screen, better processor, more storage and memory. Not everyone will enjoy the jump to 5.5in or the lack of full waterproofing but this is still a brilliant phone for under £200. Just bear in mind that the 3rd-gen Moto G is now a great buy at £149 and the Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 offers similar specs for just £125 (albeit SIM-locked). Read our Motorola Moto G4 (2016) review. Tags: Smartphones, Gadgets, Christmas Buying Guide 2016, Android Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on PC Advisor and thought you should see it too. Comments Comments Android Wear 2.0 release date and new features: Google lists smartwatches getting upgraded 1995-2015: How technology has changed the world in 20 years Intel's next-gen Cannonlake chips "will be more than 15 percent faster" than today's Best iPhone games 2017 | Best iPad games 2017: 160 fantastic iOS games that you need to play right… SPONSORED LINKS Synology invites you to visit them at Insomnia on 26th – 29th August. Book your tickets now and visit Synology. Tech Reviews Tech News Tech How To Tech Buying Advice Laptop Reviews PC Reviews Printer Reviews Smartphone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearables Reviews PC & Laptop Storage Reviews Antivirus Reviews Best Tech Deals Tech Forums PC Advisor Magazine UK Tech Weekly Podcast: Soundcloud / iTunes Advertising & Partnerships Advisors Android Advisor Apple Advisor Blackberry Advisor Broadband Advisor Business Advisor Chrome Advisor Laptops Advisor Photo & Video Advisor Printing Advisor Security Advisor Smart Home Advisor Smartphones Advisor Storage Advisor Tablets Advisor Windows Advisor About Contact Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies Follow PC Advisor on Twitter Follow PC Advisor on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
Share Tweet What's the best Android phone? Best Android phone reviews PC Advisor Phones Smartphone reviews Best smartphones Smartphone tips Smartphone buying advice Smartphone deals Laptops Laptops reviews Laptops tips Best laptops Laptops buying advice Tablets Tablet reviews Best tablets Tablet tips Tablets buying advice Deals Reviews Smartphones Laptops Tablets PCs Software Apps Printers Storage Devices Wearable Tech Digital Home Wi-Fi and Networking Games consoles Tech accessories Audio Displays Graphics cards Cameras Computer Mice and Keyboards How To Windows Security Apple Android Smartphones Tablets Software Laptops Broadband Gadgets Games Smart Home Audio Photo & Video Printing Components Desktop PCs Peripherals PC Upgrades Linux Business Enterprise Social Networks Tech Industry Internet 3D Storage Downloads Windows downloads Mac downloads Linux downloads iPad & iPhone downloads Android downloads Windows Mobile downloads Audio, Video & Photo downloads Backup & Recovery downloads Design & Illustration downloads Developer & Programming downloads Disc Burning downloads Finance & Accounts downloads Games downloads Hobbies & Home Entertainment downloads Internet Tools downloads Kids & Education downloads Networking Tools downloads Office & Business downloads Operating Systems & Distros downloads Portable Applications downloads Security downloads Social Networking downloads System & Desktop Tools downloads Forums Tech Helproom Windows Help Digital Home & Smartphones Help Consumer Rights Advice Apple Help Games Speakers Corner Beta Testing All All Features Reviews How-Tos Downloads Forums Search PC Advisor Reviews How to Group Tests Features Buying Advice New Products Deals Forums Advisors Games Entertainment Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Hot Topics Android Wear 2.0 MWC 2017 Windows Cloud Galaxy S8 Nokia Android phone LG G6 Latest Tech Deals » Home Test Centre Smartphones Test Centre Best Android phone 2017 UK Best Android phone 2017 UK: Best Android phone reviews from Samsung, Sony, LG, Huawei, OnePlus, Xiaomi and more Best Android phone 2017 UK What’s the best Android phone? Our money is on the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge, but what's your money on? We round up 20 of the finest Android phones available to buy in the UK in our list of the best Android phones of 2017. Android phone buying advice and best Android phone reviews. 20 of the most amazing Android phones money can buy in the UK in 2017 - we help you choose the best Android phone By Chris Martin | 06 Feb 17 Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on PC Advisor and thought you should see it too. Comments Best Android phone 2017 Best phone RRP Key specifications Samsung Galaxy S7 edge £639 Android 6.0 Marshmallow, Exynos 8890, 4GB RAM, 32GB storage, 5.5in Quad-HD, 3600mAh Samsung Galaxy S7 £569 Android 6.0 Marshmallow, Exynos 8890, 4GB RAM, 32GB storage, 5.1in Quad-HD, 3000mAh LG G5 £529 Android 6.0 Marshmallow, Snapdragon 820, 4GB RAM, 32GB storage, 5.3in Quad-HD, 2800mAh Jump straight to our full best Android phones chart What’s the best Android phone 2017? Our money is on the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge, but what's your money on? We round up the 20 best Android phones available to buy in the UK in our list of the best Android phones of 2017, which covers everything from the HTC 10 and Nexus 6P to the Google Pixel, LG G5, Sony Xperia Z5, Xiaomi Mi 5s and OnePlus 3T. Android phone buying advice and best Android phone reviews.  Note: If you're looking for a new Android phone right now, you might want to hang on a little longer. MWC 2017 is around the corner and is when many new flagship phones will be launched. The current crop will soon be out of date so check out the best new phones coming in 2017. Also see: Best Phone Deals Android has the largest market share in the smartphone world, but whereas Apple’s share is divided between just a few iPhones with obvious differences between them there are hundreds of Android phones available to buy. And the choice gets even more confusing when you consider that each Android phone manufacturer has multiple Android phone product lines, each with its own features and benefits. Also see: Best smartphones 2017 UK In our best Android phones chart we focus primarily on flagship devices, with the exception of where a phone lower down the range stands out for its excellent value (see the OnePlus X and Moto G4), feature set or performance. The phones in this group are those most likely to be bought on a contract, however, and their initial cost will be largely irrelevant. If you are buying them SIM-free you should check out our best SIM-only deals, but if budget is a primary consideration for you, also see our round-up of the best budget phones.  Best Android phone 2017: Specs to look for When we talk about flagship smartphones, we really just mean the top model in a company’s phone line-up. You’d usually expect to pay between £500- and £600 for it SIM-free, or around £40- to £50 a month on a contract. But cheaper phones can have flagship specs - and especially when you consider some of the surprisingly affordable Chinese phones we review.  In 2017 a flagship Android phone specification will look something like this:  • Android 6.0 Marshmallow (Android Nougat will increasingly be available on new Android phones soon) • Slim, lightweight metal frame • 5-5.5in Quad-HD IPS display with Gorilla Glass 4 • Qualcomm Snapdragon 820/821 quad-core processor or comparable octa-core chip • 4GB+ of RAM • 32GB of storage, plus microSD support • Fingerprint scanner • 12Mp-plus primary camera with dual-tone flash, optical image stabilisation, laser autofocus and large apertures, plus support for 4K video recording • 5Mp selfie camera • 4G LTE Cat.9 • Dual-band 802.11ac Wi-Fi • Bluetooth 4.2 • NFC, GPS, GLONASS, OTG • Circa-3000mAh battery with fast charging We’ve placed the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge at the top of our list because it is the fastest Android phone in our benchmarks, with the longest battery life, the best camera quality, and it has a load of extra features such as the dual-curved-edge screen, heart-rate scanner and new always-on display (also seen in the standard Galaxy S7 and LG G5). We love its premium metal-and-glass, waterproof build, and although there isn’t a huge amount new in this year’s model Samsung really didn’t need to make any huge improvements to retain its crown for best Android phone. Also see: Best kids' phones 2017. But that’s not to say the other phones in our list are not worth a second look, and especially now that we get closer to the point where it’s impossible for phone makers to differentiate their devices on traditional grounds such as performance (all are excellent). The LG G5, for example, has a cool new modular design that lets you bolt-on accessories to expand its functionality, and it’s one of few flagship phones to feature a removable battery. The Samsung Galaxy Note 5 has a large screen with stylus support for enhanced productivity, while the HTC 10 supports Hi-Res audio, and the Sony Xperia Z5 ties into PS4 Remote Play. For the ultimate in screen quality, the Premium variant of the Xperia Z5 has a crazy-high-resolution 4K screen. The Xiaomi Mi 5s is significantly cheaper than the competition here, but offers many of the same features. This is the International Edition, which ships with Google Play support and, as such, most users will quickly find themselves in its MIUI 8.0 UI. For a pure Android experience there can be no better than Google’s own Nexus 6P, Pixel and Pixel XL, and as Google devices they will always be first to receive new operating system updates.  (Also see: What's the fastest smartphone 2017 for comparison with more Android phones.) Of course, with all the best Android phones on a similar level of awesomeness, your choice may come down purely to how it looks - and that’s something we can’t help you with, other than to point out the build quality information not visible from the PR shots and offer our own opinion on how they look. Click on any phone in our list of the best Android phones to read our full reviews. Read on for our expert opinion of what our the 20 best Android phones money can buy. Also see: Best new phones coming in 2017. We have removed the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 from our smartphone chart due to the ongoing battery issues which, in some cases, are catching on fire. It has been discontinued so if you have one, stop using it and return it for a refund. 20 best Android phones 2017 UK - best Android phone reviews 1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Rating: Reviewed on: 12 January 17 RRP: £639 inc VAT Compare: all Samsung Galaxy S7 edge deals The Galaxy S7 edge is no longer the semi-gimmick it was before. Although some of the main features are things from the Galaxy S5 – Micro-SD and waterproofing – Samsung has given fans what they want. It's now a refined, sophisticated and highly desirable piece of technology. The battery isn't removable but the phone lasts longer than before and has seriously powerful specs under the hood. It has almost everything you could want from a phone even though the IR blaster is gone. We're also very impressed with the new camera and unless the screen is too big for you (despite some software features to help out) we think it's worth getting the S7 edge for the extra £70 with its gorgeous looks and extra functionality. Right now, this is the best smartphone money can buy. Read our Samsung Galaxy S7 edge review. 2. Samsung Galaxy S7 Rating: Reviewed on: 12 January 17 RRP: £569 inc VAT Compare: all Samsung Galaxy S7 deals The Samsung Galaxy S6 was the best phone of 2015 and, although it’s still early days, the Galaxy S7 is a serious contender for best phone of 2016. Samsung has taken into account what its fans want, addressing the three main areas of concern: removable storage, waterproofing and battery life. It’s also upgraded the core hardware and photography gear, added an always-on display and some useful software. Right now the Galaxy S7 is simply unbeatable. Read our Samsung Galaxy S7 review. 3. LG G5 Rating: Reviewed on: 5 May 16 RRP: £529 inc VAT Compare: all LG G5 deals The LG G5 is one of the most radical phones to come along in a while and we’re glad the firm has shaken things up with the modular design. The G5 is innovative and interesting with unique features but it’s a shame the design and build feels unfinished in areas. It’s a top-notch device which can hold its own with the best phones in performance and cameras, but it’s LG’s modular design which is the real selling point here. There is bags of potential but the future of this is unclear so it’s hard to be definite right now. The G5 is one of the best phones around but for completely different reasons to the Galaxy S7. Read our LG G5 review. 4. OnePlus 3T Rating: Reviewed on: 10 February 17 RRP: From £399 Buy from OnePlus Compare: all OnePlus 3T deals The OnePlus 3T will be unfairly compared, for now at least, to the phone that came before it. So let’s ignore it. On its own, the OnePlus 3T is everything a modern smartphone should be; slim, fast, and responsive, with above average battery life and cameras that produce stunning images. And then there’s the price. OnePlus may not like being known for it, but £399 remains an absolutely amazing price point for the phone on offer. As long as you don’t want an iPhone, this Android handset stands side by side with the Samsung Galaxy S7 as the best example of a smartphone on the market today – once we’ve all got over that it came a little sooner than we had expected. Read our OnePlus 3T review. 5. Xiaomi Mi5s Rating: Reviewed on: 29 November 16 RRP: £282.75 Buy from GearBest Compare: all Xiaomi Mi5s deals We cannot recommend the Xiaomi Mi5s enough. This is the smartphone every 2016 flagship wanted to be, and it comes with a price tag half that of theirs. Fantastic build quality, fantastic performance, fantastic storage, battery and connectivity options - the Xiaomi Mi5s gets a big thumbs-up from us. Read our Xiaomi Mi5s review. 6. Google Pixel Rating: Reviewed on: 9 December 16 RRP: £599 inc VAT Compare: all Google Pixel deals The Pixel has plenty going for it: it’s small, well built, speedy and has excellent cameras. It also supports Google’s Daydream VR headset and runs the plain version of Android 7 – complete with Google Assistant - and will get timely updates. But it isn’t waterproof, doesn’t have a microSD slot or stereo speakers and we’d have preferred a quad-HD screen for VR use at this price. If those downsides don’t bother you, and the OnePlus 3T is too large, then the Pixel is a fine choice and a great Android phone. Read our Google Pixel review. 7. Huawei Mate 9 Rating: Reviewed on: 12 January 17 RRP: £599.99 Compare: all Huawei Mate 9 deals Huawei’s Mate 9 is, in our opinion, the best in the Huawei line-up, boasting an impressively large battery alongside powerful internals, an improved dual-camera setup and a sleek, gorgeous design. The benchmark results were some of the best we've seen, bringing excellent value for money. EMUI 5 makes a huge difference to the overall experience too, and we can’t wait to see whether Huawei’s new technology will actually improve the performance of the smartphone over time. Read our Huawei Mate 9 review. 8. Google Nexus 6P Rating: Reviewed on: 28 April 16 RRP: From £449 inc VAT Compare: all Google Nexus 6P deals Originally, Nexus phones stood out for being excellent value at a price that was low, but not the lowest. They weren't an alternative to flagship phones, but they had the advantage of running stock Android and getting the next version more quickly. The 6P, though, is not only a flagship, but is arguably the best Android phone to buy at the moment. It won't suit everyone due to its size, nor those looking for a phone with dual-SIM slots or a removable battery. There's no support for wireless charging either. But the excellent screen, front-firing speakers, quick charging, great cameras, speedy performance and Android Marshmallow add up to make this a phone that's a pleasure to use. And yes, it's also cheaper than its rivals, so unless you think it's worth shelling out extra on the Note 5, Galaxy S6 Edge+ or iPhone 6S Plus, the Nexus 6P is the one to buy. Read our Google Nexus 6P review. 9. HTC 10 Rating: Reviewed on: 24 January 17 RRP: £569 inc. VAT Compare: all HTC 10 deals There's a lot to like with the new HTC 10 including a number of hardware upgrades across screen, camera and audio, plus a Nexus-like stock Android experience. However, we're not totally sold on the design and it's tough at the top these days. While the HTC 10 is a solidly good phone and a respectible upgrade for M9 owners, it doesn't blow the competition out of the water. The features which appeal the most are more niche than mass market. Read our HTC 10 review. 10. Xiaomi Mi Note 2 Rating: Reviewed on: 8 December 16 RRP: £472.99 Buy from GearBest Compare: all Xiaomi Mi Note 2 deals The Mi Note 2 was wrongly overshadowed at its launch. This is a gorgeous big-screen Android phone with very decent performance, a great camera and plenty of storage. We'd like to see a Quad-HD screen on Xiaomi's flagship phone, but this one should prove plenty sharp and clear. Google apps are not preinstalled, but there is a workaround if you are happy to do some tweaking. Read our Xiaomi Mi Note 2 review. 11. Huawei P9 Rating: Reviewed on: 27 April 16 RRP: £449 Compare: all Huawei P9 deals When comparing the P9 to other flagships, it’s important to remember the £449 price which makes it considerably cheaper than many of its rivals (but not the identically priced Nexus 6P that's also made by Huawei). Overall, we're impressed with the phone: it's well built, feels good and looks good. The cameras aren't the absolute best out there, it doesn't top the charts in game tests and the screen isn't Quad HD, but these minor quibbles are outweighed not only by the price but also because, unlike the Nexus, the P9 lets you stick in a microSD card to expand the storage. If you can afford it, the Galaxy S7 is a better phone overall, but this is a great choice if you can't. Read our Huawei P9 review. 12. Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Rating: Reviewed on: 15 October 15 RRP: £484.99 Buy from Samsung Compare: all Samsung Galaxy Note 5 deals So, what do we think of the Galaxy Note 5? We’re very fond of just about every aspect of the Galaxy Note 5, from its curved and sleek design to its vibrant display and high-resolution camera. It can handle almost anything you can throw at it thanks to its CPU, GPU and 4GB of RAM and we experienced no lag during our testing. The only bad point is that the Note 5 would sometimes falsely detect the S Pen detaching – and to point out such a minor fault says a lot about the quality of the handset. With this being said, we’re both surprised and sad that the Galaxy Note 5 won’t be heading to UK shores any time soon. Read our Samsung Galaxy Note 5 review. 13. Honor 8 Rating: Reviewed on: 5 September 16 RRP: £369.99 inc VAT Compare: all Honor 8 deals The Honor 8 is a fantastic smartphone, but the price has gone up from the Honor 7. In return for the additional expense you get a fantastic dual-camera, a sleek and stylish design, a faster fingerprint sensor and a beautiful display, which combined make the Honor 8 a worthy competitor to the OnePlus 3. Read our Honor 8 review. 14. Sony Xperia XZ Rating: Reviewed on: 31 October 16 RRP: £539 inc VAT Compare: all Sony Xperia XZ deals The Xperia XZ is an attractive phone in design if you can get on with the angular style and while it's cheaper than rivals such as the iPhone 7 and Google Pixel, you can get better value with some older phones like the Samsung Galaxy S7. While the hardware is decent, we can't help but mention the very similar Xperia Z5 will save you a lot of money. Read our Sony Xperia XZ review. 15. Google Pixel XL Rating: Reviewed on: 24 October 16 RRP: £719 (32GB) £819 (128GB) Compare: all Google Pixel XL deals While the Pixel XL is an attractive phone (if you can get used to the glass section) with decent combination of hardware and software, we can't help but feel a bit disappointed. It's very similar to the much cheaper Nexus 6P and OnePlus 3. You can get plenty of other Android phones for less which have extra features like waterproofing and expandable storage. Sorry Google, but things have gone a bit wrong here. Read our Google Pixel XL review. 16. Moto Z Play Rating: Reviewed on: 11 November 16 RRP: £379.99 inc VAT Compare: all Moto Z Play deals The Moto Mods accessories are the main reason to buy the Moto Z Play, but it's a decent mid-range phone regardless. For an affordable price Lenovo offers premium design, good specs and a well-rounded software experience. You only really need to splash out on the Moto Z for the Quad HD screen, Snapdragon 820 and OIS camera should you feel the need for those features (but also bear in mind the more expensive version has no headphone jack and a smaller battery). Read our Moto Z Play review. 17. Sony Xperia Z5 Rating: Reviewed on: 29 April 16 RRP: £549 inc VAT Compare: all Sony Xperia Z5 deals There's no doubt that the Xperia Z5 is a solid flagship smartphone from Sony and an improvement on the Z3+. We certainly like the new frosted glass rear cover and the addition of a fingerprint scanner in that slim power button. The camera isn't great compared to the best phone cameras out there though, and you can get a better phone for similar money. The price has dropped, and it's now a decent-value waterproof flagship with a Micro-SD card slot. However, you can't use it underwater, and there are newer rivals which are better value, take better photos and have better performance. Read our Sony Xperia Z5 review. 18. Motorola Moto G4 (2016) Rating: Reviewed on: 18 November 16 RRP: £169 Compare: all Motorola Moto G4 (2016) deals Although the new Moto G4 is more expensive than the third-generation, Motorola is offering a Full HD screen, better processor, more storage and memory. Not everyone will enjoy the jump to 5.5in or the lack of full waterproofing but this is still a brilliant phone for under £200. Just bear in mind that the 3rd-gen Moto G is now a great buy at £149 and the Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 offers similar specs for just £125 (albeit SIM-locked). Read our Motorola Moto G4 (2016) review. 19. Lenovo P2 Rating: Reviewed on: 26 January 17 RRP: £199.99 Buy from Three Compare: all Lenovo P2 deals The Lenovo P2 is really being sold on the strength of its battery, and the great news is that it lives up to the company’s hype, offering you days of usage and a power bank in a pinch. Throw in the premium design and build quality, and you have a phone that delivers tremendous value for money. It may not boast flagship performance, but by the time you hit your third day without charging, you’re not likely to care that much. Read our Lenovo P2 review. 20. Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Rating: Reviewed on: 22 October 15 RRP: £429 inc VAT Compare: all Sony Xperia Z5 Compact deals The Xperia Z5 Compact is the best small phone around, but then there's not much competition in this area anymore and there are a number of phones offering decent specs for a lot less. Those looking for Z5 design and specs in a smaller frame will be pleased but it's a shame about the chunky design with the sharp edges. The fingerprint scanner is a great addition and the Snapdragon 810 with almost stock Android provides slick performance. However, the camera isn't as good as Sony makes it out to be. Read our Sony Xperia Z5 Compact review. Tags: Smartphones, Christmas Buying Guide 2016, Android Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on PC Advisor and thought you should see it too. Comments Comments Android Wear 2.0 release date and new features: Google lists smartwatches getting upgraded 1995-2015: How technology has changed the world in 20 years Intel's next-gen Cannonlake chips "will be more than 15 percent faster" than today's Best iPhone games 2017 | Best iPad games 2017: 160 fantastic iOS games that you need to play right… SPONSORED LINKS Synology invites you to visit them at Insomnia on 26th – 29th August. Book your tickets now and visit Synology. Tech Reviews Tech News Tech How To Tech Buying Advice Laptop Reviews PC Reviews Printer Reviews Smartphone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearables Reviews PC & Laptop Storage Reviews Antivirus Reviews Best Tech Deals Tech Forums PC Advisor Magazine UK Tech Weekly Podcast: Soundcloud / iTunes Advertising & Partnerships Advisors Android Advisor Apple Advisor Blackberry Advisor Broadband Advisor Business Advisor Chrome Advisor Laptops Advisor Photo & Video Advisor Printing Advisor Security Advisor Smart Home Advisor Smartphones Advisor Storage Advisor Tablets Advisor Windows Advisor About Contact Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies Follow PC Advisor on Twitter Follow PC Advisor on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot February 11, 2017 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports   >   Development  >   Six steps to a stronger online brand Six steps to a stronger online brand Development SEO 06 Feb 17 | Ann Smarty Facebook0 Linkedin115 Google+25 Twitter 140 Image by NYphotographic, available via CC BY-SA 3.0 When it comes to maintaining a brand, any good marketer will tell you that reputation management is key. But it’s not just about monitoring what others say about your business; it’s also making sure you know how to prevent reputation crisis by building a stronger brand. For better or worst, opinions about your brand are out there. Not only the positive ones that show you what you are doing right, but the negative ones that both give you an opportunity to improve, and to contact the unsatisfied customer and make things right. That builds brand loyalty, showing your potential customers that you are the brand they can trust. 1. Set up brand monitoring One of the easiest tools for this task is Google Alerts. Setting it up is easy and free, and the tool sends you the alerts the moment they come up on the search engine, allowing you to quickly handle any problems that might have happened. Here is how to set it up: Sign into your Google account and go to the Google Alerts page. Enter your search query, which is the keyword you wish to be monitored. Keep in mind that you can create several of these alerts for different keywords. You can also use advanced and boolean operators to include several queries into one alert. State what kind of results you want, like blogs, news, discussions, etc. Or you can monitor everything, getting all results with your keywords. Select how often you want to get alerts, which can be once a week, once a day or as-it-happens. Obviously, there are numerous uses for this tool including the ability to monitor the competition, industry news or updates relevant to your brand. Here are some specific search queries you can try using: [My Name] – to track the mentions of your name. [My Company Name] – to monitor the company name mentions (reviews, forum posts, etc) [mycompanyname.com] – to monitor the domain name mentions; some of the backlinks can also be discovered that way… Google Alerts is just one (admittedly best-known) tool to monitor your brand online. There are more, better tools: Brand Mentions is a newer tool sending you daily email digests with your brand mentions Buzzsumo is a great tool allowing you to set up multiple alerts to monitor your online mentions Hooks is a mobile app allowing you to set up alerts to monitor your brand mentions on the go. BestAndroidApps offers a good tutorial on how to set up mobile alerts using the app. 2. Research your brand-sensitive keywords Knowing what your past or future customers are typing in Google when trying to research your brand or find answers to their questions is the best way to understand what your users are struggling with and how to help them. I have already written a detailed guide on how to research brand-related keywords here. In short, using Serpstat find all the different keyword variations containing your brand name and then monitor the rankings. It’s a good idea to play with those keywords a bit to: Sort them into tabs (by action to take, for example, “Build a new page” or “Include this section in the FAQ section” are two possible actions to take), Color code (by sentiment: You want to rank #1 for both positive and negative phrases) Tag (by the team to assign to handle each of them, for example, assign some phrases to your usability or reputation management teams to handle). 3. Monitor your competitors Keeping an eye on your competitors is the best way to avoid their mistakes and thus keep your brand image safe. I use two simple tools to monitor competitors: SE Ranking offers great competitor monitoring and reporting tools that I think are the easiest on the market. See how your competitors are doing at a glance and notice any important trends, i.e. sudden drop in rankings or quick increase in PPC budget. Make sure to dig deeper once you notice any unusual movement. Twitter sentiment search: Using Tweetdeck (or Hootsuite) I always keep an eye on [my-competitor :(] results: Make sure there’s a space before :( This search will bring up all your competitors’ unhappy customers giving you a good insight into what not to do to irritate your audience: Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin115 Google+25 Twitter 140 Related articles Five most interesting search news stories of the week What's been going on with Google's mobile indexing? What were Google’s biggest search algorithm updates of 2016? How digital marketers can take advantage of Valentine's Day 4. Handle negative mentions with grace The worst thing you can do is to register a new account at a forum and try to pretend you are the happy user of your service… That’s too obvious! Instead, try not to lose your face and represent yourself: The owner of the company. Be helpful, authentic and respectful. You can’t please everyone but you can surely help them solve their problems. Don’t try to get rid of negative sentiment by blocking unhappy customers or deleting their comments. This will backfire! A good way to handle negativity is healthy humor, if you know you have a good sense of one: 5. Make sure your visual brand is consistent Having a recognizable visual identity is the most effective way to build a stronger brand. People remember your site, logo and message if they keep seeing consistent visual elements over and over again, across different parts of the website, social media channels, email messages, even on other sites (via your advertising creatives). Whether you are planning a Facebook ad campaign or a regular email blast, keep an eye on how well your brand visual elements are kept across your assets. Here are a few free branding mockups for to use or at least get inspired: Free corporate branding PSD template Branding stationery mockup Branding identity template Smartketer claims that display advertising is the best way to establish brand identity and there are some recent examples that confirm the point. So if you have some problems with your online reputation, a smart display advertising campaign may be in order. 6. Make sure your website is secure One of the most frustrating and irritating reasons for a reputation management crisis is a constantly broken website. And it happens more often than you may think! Make sure that your site is fast, secure and reliably hosted to avoid all kinds of reputation management crises we witness again and again. Iflexion is a great example handling the website security seriously. Take a look at their security and IP protection page to get inspired. It details all the best practices they are executing to keep their customers safe. If you haven’t yet, it may be a good time to create a similar page to ensure your customers you are exercising due diligence in preventing online attacks and your products or services can be trusted. Have I missed anything? Share your own tips to building a stronger, more powerful brand. Ann Smarty is Brand and Community manager at InternetMarketingNinjas.com and a contributor to Search Engine Watch. Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Related reading What can we learn from the winners and losers of organic search in 2016? Who were the winners and losers of organic search in 2016? Industry SEO 02 Feb 17 | Rebecca Sentance Does dwell time really matter for SEO? What's the real impact of machine learning on SEO? This has been one of the biggest debates within SEO over the last year. Analytics SEO 02 Feb 17 | Larry Kim Brand TLDs vs .com: why the world’s biggest brands are making the switch to their own web extension New Top-Level Domains (TLDs) have become more popular in the last couple of years, so here’s everything you need to know about them. Development Industry 01 Feb 17 | Tereza Litsa All you need to master your site speed without getting overwhelmed Poor website performance is one of the most widespread problems for business websites, yet it's the most essential one hurting your business on many levels, from lost customers to bad reputation. SEO 31 Jan 17 | Ann Smarty Tags Brand Awareness | brand monitoring | customer service | keyword optimization | Keywords | tools Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Subscribe Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? How to write meta descriptions for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a meta description? How do you write one? Why are meta descriptions important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Can I see some good and bad examples? Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL editorial@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2017/02/06/six-steps-to-a-stronger-online-brand/ Send × Want to stay on top of search trends? Get top insights and news from our search expertsDelivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Subscribe No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
CLOSE Home Andalucia Almeria Cadiz Cordoba Granada Huelva Jaen Malaga Sevilla Gibraltar Other News Business & Finance Celebrity Crime & Law Education Entertainment Environment Food & Drink Health La Cultura Nature News Feature Olive Press Opinion Photos Politics Property Specials Gay Pride Kick Out the Kickbacks Property Magazine Spanish Elections – 24M15 Travel Travel features Travel news National Sport La Liga Football Premier League Football Bundesliga Football Seria A Football Ligue 1 Columnists Adam Neale: Property Insider Antonio Flores: Legal Problems Belinda Beckett: Mistress of Sizzle Brief by Charles Gomez Campbell Ferguson: Survey Spain Giles Brown: Loud and Clear Jack Gaioni: Jack’s Corner Ask the Optician Mario Alegria – Our Man in Madrid Tancrede de Pola: Mortgage Think Tank Blogs Advertise Read the Olive Press Online Distribution Contact Privacy policy Saturday, 11 February, 2017 Sign in / Join LOG IN REGISTER Welcome! Login to your Olive Press account Forgot your password? Register for an account A password will be e-mailed to you. Recover your password Home Andalucia Almeria Cadiz Cordoba Granada Huelva Jaen Malaga Sevilla Gibraltar Other News Business & Finance Celebrity Crime & Law Education Entertainment Environment Food & Drink Health La Cultura Nature News Feature Olive Press Opinion Photos Politics Property Specials Gay Pride Kick Out the Kickbacks Property Magazine Spanish Elections – 24M15 Travel Travel features Travel news National Cost of holidays to Spain soar by 9% as hotel bosses cash in on Brits seeking safer getaways WATCH: Spanish cops raid office in Malaga which was illegally streaming Premier League football British MP’s reject amendment to Brexit bill that would protect EU citizens in the UK 3000 evacuated amid fire and explosions in Valencia WATCH: ‘America first, Spain second?’ Hilarious video message to US president Donald Trump Sport WATCH: Spanish cops raid office in Malaga which was illegally streaming Premier League football Enjoy major world sports events with the Faberg Tour Experience Cristiano Ronaldo plays down rivalry with Barcelona star Lionel Messi Malaga world padel star Carolina Navarro excited for new season Teams Great Britain and Spain through to Davis Cup quarter-finals La Liga Football Premier League Football Bundesliga Football Seria A Football Ligue 1 Columnists Adam Neale: Property Insider Antonio Flores: Legal Problems Belinda Beckett: Mistress of Sizzle Brief by Charles Gomez Campbell Ferguson: Survey Spain Giles Brown: Loud and Clear Jack Gaioni: Jack’s Corner Ask the Optician Mario Alegria – Our Man in Madrid Tancrede de Pola: Mortgage Think Tank Blogs Advertise Read the Olive Press Online Distribution Contact Privacy policy Other News Food & Drink La Cultura Travel 12 things Spaniards desperately want to know about Brits EXCLUSIVE 'Who were the Welsh?', 'Why are the English so cold?' Spaniards want to know By Elsa Maishman (Reporter) - PUBLISHED - 6 Feb, 2017 @ 17:48 LAST UPDATED: 6 Feb, 2017 @ 21:37 0 SHARE tweet GOOGLE is a wonderful thing. There’s a whole host of information at our finger-tips, all the time, and the anonymity of search engines means we don’t have to be embarrassed about asking silly questions.  However, if enough people ask the same question then Google Suggestions will keep a treacherous record of it. Here at the Olive Press we’ve used this to take a look at the best burning questions typed in Spanish into Google Espana, and done our best to answer a few. Why do they eat so badly in England? No idea what you’re talking about. Yorkshire puddings, chips, battered fish, crumpets, fried bread and sausage rolls all contain hearty, fortifying carbohydrates. And Marmite has celery in it. Why is the United Kingdom an island? We decided that Europe just wasn’t quite the thing any more so we all waded out a few feet into the channel, put our hands on the beach and pushed really hard in the direction of Iceland. Why does the Queen of England have two birthdays? She’s the Queen. She can get away with it. Why are the English so cold? It’s probably the weather. Rain does awful things to your ability to smile. Who were the Welsh? Don’t worry, there are a few of them left, I promise. Why don’t British people cry? We don’t have tear ducts. Why do British people drink tea? We can’t produce enough wine. What do two British people do when they enter each other’s field of vision? Mutter something about the weather and hurriedly look the other way. Why don’t British people wash themselves? It rains a lot, we don’t need to. Why don’t British people eat rabbit? We can’t show emotion to humans, so it all builds up and is directed at horses, dogs and other small fluffy animals instead. Why don’t Scottish men wear underwear? They sometimes do. Probably. How are the English as lovers? We’re well known for being warm, spontaneous and passionate. TAGS Andalucia Spain Baked beans Brexit marmite Queen Elizabeth II rabbit scotland spain Spanish tea The Queen Wales Yorkshire puddings SHARE tweet Previous articleCristiano Ronaldo plays down rivalry with Barcelona star Lionel Messi Next articleThe importance of studying a home's Energy Efficiency Certificate Elsa Maishman (Reporter) http://www.theolivepress.es DO YOU HAVE NEWS FOR US at Spain’s most popular English newspaper - the Olive Press? Contact us now via email: newsdesk@theolivepress.es or call 951 273 575. To contact the newsdesk out of regular office hours please call +34 665 798 618. RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Brits selling Malaga homes in record numbers since Brexit British MP’s reject amendment to Brexit bill that would protect EU citizens in the UK UK tourists were biggest contributors to the €77 billion spent by holidaymakers in Spain last year BE THE FIRST TO COMMENT... The Olive Press are not responsible and do not moderate individual comments before they are posted. We do not condone offensive comments of any kind and will result in users being blocked. HAVE YOUR SAY... Cancel reply LATEST NEWS FROM THE OLIVE PRESS Property Brits selling Malaga homes in record numbers since Brexit Chloe Glover (Reporter) - 11 Feb, 2017 @ 09:04 0 Malaga province has seen a 16.5% increase is Brits selling up Spain’s growers lash out at ‘totally false’ British coverage of vegetable... 10 Feb, 2017 @ 11:47 Spanish businesses furious at ‘€785 million’ loss due to sanctions on... 10 Feb, 2017 @ 11:30 Elderly man’s carer in Malaga drugged him to steal €95,000 over... 10 Feb, 2017 @ 10:45 Cost of holidays to Spain soar by 9% as hotel bosses... 10 Feb, 2017 @ 10:22 Artichokes away! Discover the joys of the underrated Spanish vegetable 10 Feb, 2017 @ 09:00 STAY CONNECTED WITH THE OLIVE PRESS 10,180FansLike 7,564Subscribers+1 5,876FollowersFollow Advertisement More from the Olive Press OLIVE PRESS ELECTRONIC EDITION WHERE CAN I FIND A NEWSPAPER? ALL ABOUT ANDALUCIA GUIDES DINING SECRETS OF ANDALUCIA SPANISH PROPERTY MAGAZINE GREEN NEWS / BUSINESS DIRECTORY READ OUR LATEST PRINT EDITION Read More Olive Press Back Issues Online » Main switchboard – Newsroom/Sales & Admin: +34 951 273 575 To contact the newsdesk out of regular office hours please call +34 665 798 618 Voted Spain‘s number one expat newspaper and second in the world, by 27,000 people polled by UK marketing group Tesca. “The best English newspaper in southern Spain,” according to the Rough Guide. The Olive Press is the English language newspaper for Andalucia. Local news from Costa del Sol and inland Andalucia plus national news from around Spain. A campaigning, community newspaper, the Olive Press represents the huge and growing expatriate community in southern Spain – 230,000 copies distributed monthly (160,000 digital impressions) with an estimated readership, including the website, of more than 500,000 people a month. Contact us: newsdesk@theolivepress.es What's hot this week... Andalucians among winners of Spain’s Goya cinema awards Andalucia’s lakes granted wildlife protection What are you looking for? Archives Archives Select Month February 2017  (95) January 2017  (193) December 2016  (181) November 2016  (221) October 2016  (208) September 2016  (212) August 2016  (197) July 2016  (235) June 2016  (297) May 2016  (282) April 2016  (269) March 2016  (259) February 2016  (238) January 2016  (242) December 2015  (298) November 2015  (307) October 2015  (317) September 2015  (294) August 2015  (275) July 2015  (261) June 2015  (255) May 2015  (237) April 2015  (212) March 2015  (244) February 2015  (223) January 2015  (239) December 2014  (238) November 2014  (234) October 2014  (293) September 2014  (247) August 2014  (212) July 2014  (248) June 2014  (211) May 2014  (177) April 2014  (196) March 2014  (192) February 2014  (172) January 2014  (152) December 2013  (168) November 2013  (179) October 2013  (197) September 2013  (127) August 2013  (128) July 2013  (118) June 2013  (108) May 2013  (92) April 2013  (80) March 2013  (106) February 2013  (113) January 2013  (143) December 2012  (199) November 2012  (250) October 2012  (230) September 2012  (211) August 2012  (272) July 2012  (263) June 2012  (247) May 2012  (193) April 2012  (228) March 2012  (225) February 2012  (185) January 2012  (202) December 2011  (175) November 2011  (178) October 2011  (165) September 2011  (122) August 2011  (116) July 2011  (117) June 2011  (101) May 2011  (116) April 2011  (89) March 2011  (93) February 2011  (98) January 2011  (127) December 2010  (147) November 2010  (137) October 2010  (87) September 2010  (93) August 2010  (80) July 2010  (75) June 2010  (56) May 2010  (63) April 2010  (81) March 2010  (98) February 2010  (65) January 2010  (56) December 2009  (57) November 2009  (64) October 2009  (40) September 2009  (22) August 2009  (23) July 2009  (68) June 2009  (49) May 2009  (49) April 2009  (46) March 2009  (38) February 2009  (22) January 2009  (22) December 2008  (13) November 2008  (20) October 2008  (25) September 2008  (20) August 2008  (19) July 2008  (25) June 2008  (12) May 2008  (15) April 2008  (13) March 2008  (23) February 2008  (29) January 2008  (35) December 2007  (29) November 2007  (39) October 2007  (51) September 2007  (38) August 2007  (25) July 2007  (38) June 2007  (41) May 2007  (24) April 2007  (16) March 2007  (22) February 2007  (20) January 2007  (42) December 2006  (23) November 2006  (52) October 2006  (34) Luke Stewart Media S.L – CIF: B91664029 Edificio Centro Comercial El Duque, first floor Entrance: Calle Espinosa Carretera N340, km 144.5 29692 San Luis de Sabinillas Malaga No part of this site may be reproduced without written permission. All rights reserved. © 2006 - 2017 Luke Stewart Media SL Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Data Protection Advertise Contact We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. ACCEPTRead more / Saber mas
﻿Celebrity Fashion Beauty Hair Love Lifestyle News Videos Festival Follow Us Celebrity Solo Star: Syd Takes Center Stage With New Album ‘Fin' Celebrity Awkward! Anthony Anderson Reveals His Mother Taught Him About Oral Sex Celebrity Tamron Hall Opened Up About The Challenges Of Finding Love In Interview Taped Prior To Today Show Exit Celebrity 'Orange Is The New Black' Star Danielle Brooks Opens Up About Diverse Female Leads And Beauty More ﻿Celebrity Black Celeb Couples Celebrity Moms Red Carpet ESSENCE Black Women in Hollywood ESSENCE Black Women in Music Entertainment Fashion Dope Stuff On My Desk: A Pair Of Swoon-Worthy Nine West Heels And More Fun Finds Fashion Front Row Divas: Celebs Taking New York Fashion Week By Storm Street Style All The Fabulous Street Style Looks During New York Fashion Week Fashion 14 Cozy Picks To Get You Through Winter In Style More Fashion Fashion Week Street Style Accessories Beauty Products & Tools 9 Irresistible Scents You Should Slip Into His Grooming Routine Beauty Black Beauty History: The Effortless Glam Of Donyale Luna Beauty 23 Black Beauties Covered In Brilliant Body Ink Beauty 13 Genius Solutions For Dry Hands More Beauty Skin Makeup Nails How-To Hair All Of The Stylish Tresses Spotted During New York Fashion Week 4C 5 Easy Tips For Maintaining Healthy 4C Hair Natural 3 Things That Are Probably Making Your Winter Hair Drier Hair Color Tip Tuesday: Monica's Hair Colorist Tells Us How To Get Healthy Platinum Strands  More Hair Natural Relaxed Transitioning Weaves 4C Love & Sex This Might Just Be The Most Discreet (and Chic) Vibrator Yet Love & Sex Ask Dr. Sherry: My Friend Doesn't Want My Advice On Her 'Situationship' But Bad Talks My Marriage Love & Sex The Sexiest Couples' Valentines Day Gift Ideas For Every Freak Level Love & Sex 10 Unexpected Reasons Couples Have Trouble Getting Pregnant More Love Weddings Parenting Relationships Money & Career The Surprising Connection Between Oprah and a $150 Million Art Masterpiece Black Girl Magic SPONSORED: #BlackGirlMagic: Celebrating the Drive for Black History Month Money & Career A Shocking Number of Millennials Are Still Asking Their Parents for Help With Rent Lifestyle Delicious Grammys-Inspired Cocktails To Sip While You Wait For Beyoncé's Performance More Lifestyle Health & Wellness ESSENCE Eats Money & Career Entrepreneurship Travel Black History Month My City, 4 Ways News Poll: A Third of Americans Don't Know Obamacare and the Affordable Care Act Are the Same Thing News These Super Bowl Champions Refuse To Visit Trump In The White House  News Nick Jr. Debuts Its First Biracial Character News Could Tamron Hall Be The Next 'Live' Co-Host? More News Politics Culture Videos “New Edition Story’s” Woody McClain Responds To Criticism About Dating "White Women” Tweet Essence Live Kelly Rowland On Why Raising A Black Boy Is So Special Essence Live Keep Calm: Kelly Rowland's Latest Book 'Whoa Baby!' Will Keep New Mothers From Freaking Out Essence Live Sister Circle! Kelly Rowland On Her BFFs Ciara, LaLa And Serena Williams More Videos 7 Things ESSENCE Live Black Girl Magic 2017 ESSENCE Festival 5 Times Teyana Taylor's Vocals Blew Us Away 2017 ESSENCE Festival ESSENCE Festival Performer Yuna Tackles Love's Greatest Challenge In New Video "Unrequited Love" 2017 ESSENCE Festival This June's Diary Rendition Of 'Lift Every Voice And Sing' Will Give You Goosebumps 2017 ESSENCE Festival LISTEN: Stay Inspired & 'Movin' With ESSENCE Festival Performer Sir The Baptist More Festival 2017 ESSENCE Festival ESSENCE Festival Durban ESSENCE Africa Close Search by typing... Search ﻿Celebrity Black Celeb Couples Celebrity Moms Red Carpet ESSENCE Black Women in Hollywood ESSENCE Black Women in Music Entertainment Fashion Fashion Week Street Style Accessories Beauty Skin Makeup Nails How-To Hair Natural Relaxed Transitioning Weaves 4C Love Weddings Parenting Relationships Lifestyle Health & Wellness ESSENCE Eats Money & Career Entrepreneurship Travel Black History Month My City, 4 Ways News Politics Culture Videos 7 Things ESSENCE Live Black Girl Magic Festival 2017 ESSENCE Festival ESSENCE Festival Durban ESSENCE Africa Subscribe Home News Google And Apple Among Tech Giants Taking Legal Stand Against Trump’s Travel Ban RELATED GALLERY 17 Famous Black Muslims See Photos Photo by Getty Images By Mariya Moseley Feb, 06, 2017 Google, Apple and Microsoft are amongst the dozens of tech companies that have taken a stand against Trump’s executive order.  According to CNN, dozens of technology companies including Apple, Google, Facebook, Microsoft and Netflix, recently filed a court motion declaring that President Donald Trump’s executive order to ban Muslim travel "violates the immigration laws and the Constitution.” Amongst the 97 companies are ride-sharing rivals Uber and Lyft, who both have joined the legal fight against Trump’s order. Reports show that the tech giants involved include Etsy, Dropbox, Yelp, Pinterest and LinkedIn. This motion is amongst much backlash that the new administration has received for Trump's executive order, which prohibits refugees from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the U.S. Subscribe to our daily newsletter for the latest in hair, beauty, style and celebrity news. The LA Times reported that the companies filed briefs with a federal appellate court saying the Trump executive order hurts their businesses by making it harder to recruit employees. Their reporting also states that the ban would prompt businesses to build operations outside the United States. Related Content Politics The White House Is Confident Trump’s Travel Ban Will Be Restored Celebrity Love Wins: Michael Ealy Shares Photo Of His Wife To Protest Trump's Muslim Ban    The case states, “The beneficiaries are not just the new immigrants who chose to come to our shores, but American businesses, workers and consumers, who gain immense advantages from immigrants’ infusions of talents, energy and opportunity.” Read More More From Essence News Poll: A Third of Americans Don't Know Obamacare and the Affordable Care Act Are the Same Thing News These Super Bowl Champions Refuse To Visit Trump In The White House  News Nick Jr. Debuts Its First Biracial Character News Could Tamron Hall Be The Next 'Live' Co-Host? News Judge Orders NYPD To Disclose Surveillance Of Black Lives Matter Protests News Cynthia Erivo To Play Harriet Tubman In New Biopic Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Filed under: Donald Trump, News, Politics Latest News Smithsonian Establishments Explore How Stereotypes Shape American Culture Feb 10 Poll: A Third of Americans Don't Know Obamacare and the Affordable Care Act Are the Same Thing Feb 10 The Surprising Connection Between Oprah and a $150 Million Art Masterpiece Feb 10 These Super Bowl Champions RefuseTo Visit Trump In The White House Feb 10 This Might Just Be The Most Discreet (and Chic) Vibrator Yet Feb 10 A Shocking Number of Millennials Are Still Asking Their Parents for Help With Rent Feb 10   Previous Donald Trump Logic: 'Negative Polls Are Fake News'  Next For Many, The Super Bowl Felt Like Election Night All Over Again SUBSCRIBE TO THE MAGAZINE Plus, receive digital access and a free gift with your purchase! SUBSCRIBE NOW Sign Up To The Newsletter Get The Essence Newsletter delivered to your inbox! By clicking Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. ESSENCE MAKES A SPECIAL GIFT Share your love of ESSENCE with a gift subscription to the Magazine. Give a Gift! Follow us on Help and Information Our Company Customer Service Change Your Address Contact Us Job Opportunities Internships Media Kit Subscribe Newsletters Give a Gift of ESSENCE Magazine Tablet Edition More on essence Home Love Celebrity Beauty Hair Fashion ESSENCE Festival Essence.com is part of the Time Inc. Style Collection and the Time Inc. Lifestyle Network. © 2016 Essence Communications Inc. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Your California Privacy Rights | Terms of Use | Essence.com Advertising Terms | AD CHOICES
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Login Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral TechNow - Movies - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Ford 100 Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Ford 100 Login go Latest Ireland World Sport Business Showbiz Lotto Ireland Today Business Farming World Deaths Weather National Weather Connacht Leinster Munster Ulster World More Web Archive Horoscopes Special Reports HOT TOPICS: Ford 100 Waiting Lists Six Nations 2017 US travel ban Trump presidency Brexit Whistleblower Home»Breaking News»business Google's Super Bowl advert triggered a lot of Google Homes Monday, February 06, 2017 - 04:59 pm One of the biggest parts of the Super Bowl is always the adverts, with millions of dollars paid for slots during the game so companies can get that prime time exposure. Google was one of the companies to do just that – they broadcast an ad designed to show off how handy their smart speaker Google Home is. The advert definitely achieves its goal. But there was a problem. A lot of people watching the Super Bowl in the US happened to already have Google Home, and the multiples cries of ‘OK, Google’ from the TV sparked a nationwide spate of meltdowns. The Google Home commercial turned on my Google Home. She's the only person in my house who listens to me.— Dave Matter (@Dave_Matter) February 5, 2017 Nice Google ad on first commercial break. (Too bad my google home was going off the whole time ruining the commercial).— Kevin Nether (@TechNinjaSpeaks) February 5, 2017 Coolest aspect of @Google #SuperBowl ad is when our Google Home talked back 😳 #SuperBowlCommercials— Tricia Milford (@tmilfordhoyt) February 5, 2017 Google Home commercial kept setting mine off! They need to chill it with the "okay Google"-ing.— Bill Radjewski (@BillRadjewski) February 5, 2017 That @Google home trailer made my google home have a meltdown.— Jared Feldman (@jfeldman452) February 5, 2017 Google Home isn’t yet available in the UK, so viewers over here were spared a late-night AI meltdown. However, the perils of running a TV advert about a voice-based assistant are not new – recently a TV news report in the US on Amazon’s Echo home hub had a similar result when presenters regularly used the trigger word ‘Alexa’. So if you own an Echo, make sure you’re on alert the next time a TV item discussing the device comes on. READ MORE Visit the section home page here KEYWORDS Amazon, Amazon Echo, artificial intelligence, Google, Google Home, Super Bowl, Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox More in this Section British Airways cabin crew to stage new four-day strike in dispute over pay Wall Street ends week on a high You can make Donald Trump say whatever you want with this new app Call Of Duty could be returning to the Second World War Today's Stories Ryanair resurrects long-haul service concept Liffey Valley events centre denied planning permission EU farmers back IFA fertiliser protest UK growth still expected to soften despite latest boost Lifestyle Ask Audrey: My two-year-old wants to write a Valentine Card to his cousin back in Dingle The stresses of moving house with kids Why Ang Lee is unhappy with the reaction to Billy Lynn’s Long Halftime Walk Walsh sisters bring sibling revelry to the stage More From The Irish Examiner This US book shop is trolling the Trump administration Stressful week? Calm yourself with these pictures from the Nagasaki Lantern Festival This cute video of someone helping a thirsty koala gives you an idea of just how crazy the heatwave in Australia is right now Never be in the Valentine's bad books again with this tasty bacon bouquet This T-Rex attempting to clear snow proves why you should never go outside in a blizzard Postcard delivered to West Cork from Thailand against the odds Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Valve working on 3 new VR games Paramount pulls Friday the 13th and World War Z 2 New iPhone models to feature wireless charging Lotto Results Wednesday, February 08, 2017 2 6 9 31 41 47 43 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories Maurice McCabe: False sex abuse claim by Tusla destroyed my family Valerie Mulcahy: Girls should never have to choose between fitness and fitting in EXCLUSIVE: False sex allegation against McCabe circulated by Tusla following “clerical error” Dublin work syndicate claim €88.5m EuroMillions jackpot win Maurice McCabe: A host of serious questions demand to be answered Kerry garda was watching drivers for phone use Noelle Feeney obituary: ‘She had the honour of being known by one name — like many talented footballers from Brazil’ UCC warns students of legal repercussions ahead of Rag Week Maurice McCabe: Your guide to the story so far Two years jail for Cork boxer for assaults and thefts NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month BUSINESS Ryanair resurrects long-haul service concept Liffey Valley events centre denied planning permission SPORT Sadly, the time to abolish replays has arrived Even pulling in muck and dirt, it’s great to be back LIFESTYLE Product watch: Emma Stone’s Rose-mantic SAG Awards look Celebrity chefs dish up their most romantic recipes for Valentine's Day     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
Droid Life Menu Skip to content Home Topics Accessories Apps Beginners’ Guide Contests Deals News Polls Reviews Root Videos Podcast Deals Contact Search Post navigation Previous StoryGoogle Maps Gets Real-Time Commute Info in New Bottom Toolbar Next StoryFebruary’s Android Security Update Goes Live With Factory Images for Nexus, Pixel by Kellex on Feb 6, 2017 @droid_life Deals News Home Share this Story DEAL: Google Home + Chromecast Bundle is $15 Off, Home Bases 50% Off, Chromecast are $5 Off Probably because Google just spent millions on a Super Bowl ad for Google Home and people could potentially be flooding their online shop (at Best Buy too) to purchase one, they are hosting a couple of discounts on Google Home and its related products. For one, you can snag a $15 discount on Home when you purchase it with a Chromecast product. Also, the Home bases that add some color to your home assistant are 50% off. Additionally, regular Chromecast and Chromecast Audio devices are $5 off almost everywhere. To get the $15 off deal, you can combine your Google Home purchase with any of the Chromecast devices, including the Audio and Ultra. As for the bases, you’ll find them as cheap as $10, but the higher-end metal versions are now $20 instead of $40. And finally, the $5 off Chromecast deal is pretty straight forward.  Links: Best Buy: Google Home + Chromecast Deals | Chromecast ($5 off) Walmart: Google Home + Chromecast Deals | Chromecast ($5 off) | Chromecast Audio ($5 off) Google Store: Google Home | Google Home Bases ($50% off) | Chromecast ($5 off) | Chromecast Audio ($5 off) Post navigation Previous StoryGoogle Maps Gets Real-Time Commute Info in New Bottom Toolbar Next StoryFebruary’s Android Security Update Goes Live With Factory Images for Nexus, Pixel good420 medical marijuana, top shelf quality;grade AAA++ strains for cancer patients. help yourself out today! email: zhokovvladimir@gmail.com text: +1 406 298 5849 also available: lsd, xanax, mdma, coke, tar, adderall, hydrocodone etc Casey The Google Home Superbowl commercial triggered my Google Home. I suspect it did the same to MANY others. Because my Google Home didn’t work for about twenty seconds. I would be interested in hearing more about this @Kellex. Casey I think Google accidentally DDoSed themselves. illregal They fixed the whole commercial thing. It will trigger it, realize its the commercial and not respond. So that was probably the delay. But that sure beats it trying to tell me about whales all the time. Casey They might have fixed it from responding but the request still went to the servers. I immediately asked my Google Home what time it was and it responded “Something went wrong.” Jamal Peoples People need to understand that echo has been out for years and not months. Surely you didn’t expect home to have everything Echo has in just a few months. Drew Landgrave $50%? 😀 WiscoNative Ugh, I need a Chromecast Ultra and I’m waiting for this to go on sale. This headline had me all excited… jim Sure are slow with getting updates and new features on Home , starting to wonder if I should have got an echo PerhapsNever I’d rather have updates roll out slowly and bug free than fast and furious. We have enough evidence to know what happens when Google rushes things. jim Well Google have the tendencie to just drop things that aren’t seeling fast at this rate they will never catch up to echo sinfoman Unfortunately, BOTH of these statements are true. 🙁 Tirionfive Since when has google released a product that wasn’t already in BETA? If Amazon can do it, Google can definitely do it, they just need to focus. Sadly, this isn’t one of Google’s strong suites. One of the main reason I returned my Google home after 2-1/2 months of ownership and no feature improvements. About Droid Life We consider ourselves to have the greatest Android community in the world, here at Droid Life. We talk general news, feature apps, review phones, and even teach you how to hack a little. But most importantly, there is no place on the internet that has the reader participation that we do and consider ourselves to be completely community driven. If you were looking for the best place to learn about Android and talk with like-minded folks about all things tech, then Droid Life is for you. Follow Us Facebook Google+ YouTube Twitter Subscribe © DRD Life Inc. About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Handcrafted by Coulee Creative.
liverpoolechoLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Liverpool News Traffic and Travel Crime Hillsborough Celebs Business Education Politics Nostalgia Real Lives Motors UK & World News News OpinionExpand What's on Latest What's on Things to do Family & Kids Food & Drink Comedy Music & Nightlife The Beatles Arts & Culture Film Theatre Shopping TravelExpand Liverpool FC Everton FC Celebs In Your Area Liverpool Knowsley Wirral Sefton Runcorn & Widnes St Helens See all locationsExpand Sport Latest Sport Liverpool FC Everton FC Tranmere Rovers FC Boxing Rugby League Cricket Football Other Sport Sport Opinion Fantasy FootballExpand Business Quizzes Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory Family Notices Plus Rewards BuySell Public Notices Merseyshop Book an Ad Our RSS feeds Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with us Bingo How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © 2016 Trinity Mirror Merseyside Home News TV BBC News The best Kodi pro tips you NEED to know about How to get the most out of Kodi streaming, while staying on the right side of the law  Share  Comments ByNeil Macdonald 16:48, 6 FEB 2017 News Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Streaming craze Kodi shows no sign of slowing down. Thousands more people each day are logging in to use it to watch news, sport and more programmes across a wide variety of platforms. While there have been concerns raised over its legality, that isn't putting people off. If you want to get the best possible experience from kodi, while staying on the right side of the law, here are our pro tips to follow. What is Kodi? Kodi was was originally created for the Microsoft Xbox and Xbox Media Center (XBMC). But the software has continued to evolve, spawning a community of its own. Unlike services like Chromecast or Plex, Kodi is managed by the non-profit XBMC Foundation. And it's constantly being modified and upgraded by hundreds of coders around the world. Read More What is Kodi? Guide to the streaming app at centre of legal battle How to install Kodi on an Android tablet or smartphone Kodi essentially turns any computer, smartphone or tablet into a digital set-top box or streamer, giving users the ability to stream files from the internet. And, you'll be pleased to know, installing it couldn't be simpler. Kodi is available on the Google Play store, after all. Kodi works on your tablet This means all you need to do is load up your device - or computer - and head to the Google Play store. It's worth remembering you can use either the Google Play store app on your Android device, or alternatively, via your desktop. To use the latter, click here. Simply click "install" and sit back, relax and wait for the finish. Once the download has completed, use Kodi as you would normally do. How to get Kodi on an Amazon Fire Stick An Amazon Fire TV Stick plugs directly into a TV and is used to stream online content (Photo: Martyn Landi/PA Wire) Uploading Kodi to your Fire TV Stick will give you a lot of extra content, as well as the ability to run interesting addons – and it only takes a few minutes to set up. To start the process, users must first navigate to Settings > System > Developer Options. To use Kodi, you'll need to make sure "Apps from Unknown Sources" is turned ON. This will let you run apps from outside Amazon’s app ecosystem, including Kodi. Next, you'll need a file-management program, or a way of manipulating files on your Fire TV Stick. ES File Explorer is among the most popular. As well as being a great way to manage local files, ES File Explorer also makes it possible to easily download third-party content. Navigate to the left of the program to “Add” and you’ll be presented with a box to fill in. In the textbox marked "Path", you need to enter the following download address for Kodi: http://kodi.tv/download . Then add the link to your favourites. You need to click on the ARM link once – it’s a bit fiddly to find, but play around with the cursor and you’ll get there with a bit of patience. Once you’ve clicked on the ARM link nothing will happen – but don’t panic, this is totally normal. You just need to navigate your way to the three dots in the bottom-right-hand corner, click on them and select "Open in new Browser". This may take some time to do. Once Kodi has downloaded, selected Open File > Install. A dialogue box will appear, asking for permission to install. Go ahead and agree to them, and then select Install again. You can now stream films, movies and TV shows on your Amazon Fire TV Stick. How to install Kodi on an Xbox One Once you have Kodi installed, simply connect your Fire Stick to the HDMI input of your Xbox One. The TV option on the Xbox One should now bring up the Fire Stick interface and you can navigate to the Kodi application to use it. Xbox One 1TB Console (Photo: Tesco) Do this by clicking Settings > Applications > Manage Installed Applications > Kodi. Once you’re on the Kodi homescreen, use it as you normally would. Read More Is Kodi legal? Here is what you need to know The best legal add-ons Kodi isn’t held back by licensing or a curated app store, so it lets you download a range of community-made apps, and watch whatever you like. Most of the add-ons listed below are available directly from the Kodi Add-on Repository. And, once there, you’ll also find guides on how to install them. Plex Plex lets you play your library of content from your PC at home. Put simply, Plex acts as a media server compiling your video, music and photos into a user-friendly interface. It also provides extra information, like cast and crew details, release date, blurb and reviews. Plex basically turns your PC files into an attractive easy-to-use service like Netflix. SoundCloud If you fancy streaming music, then be sure to opt for Soundcloud, The popular service boasts an array of musicians - from chart-toppers to ground-breaking pioneers, as well as emerging artists from across the world. The app is free, or you can pay £9.99 a month to listen without ads. As well as music you can listen to podcasts on SoundCloud, too. Read More Kodi warning issued for people who are misusing the boxes iPlayer Kodi can give you many recognisable add-ons - and these come no more popular than iPlayer. BBC iPlayer gives you access to TV and radio broadcasts from the BBC, usually just a few hours after they are broadcast. The app is free to download, but you do need a TV license. You can use the service to catch up on everything from Match of the Day to Sherlock. Filmon TV Filmon TV gives you access to a wide range of different UK-based channels. The add-on also boasts an array of on-demand movies, shows and sporting events. In the premium version, you get even more options. But the standard add-on is incredibly popular, too, with plenty to watch - including live broadcasts. YouTube The other obvious big app that should be on everybody’s list is YouTube. Surf the most popular video-sharing website on Earth with consummate ease. Catch up on anything you want - from the official Premier League and WWE channels, to your favourite BBC, ITV or Channel 4 clips. Read More Sky viewers to lose these 12 channels Add-ons to avoid The doubts about Kodi's legality basically comes down to piracy. So, if an add-on is letting you access movies which aren't even out on DVD yet, you may want to avoid it. Likewise, if they are showing films which are currently out at the cinema - like La La Land right now - you could potentially be accessing pirated content. The same applies to TV, of course. If you see an add-on that lets you watch shows from HBO, Sky or Netflix Originals without subscribing to those service then it is most likely to be illegal. Best pre-installed boxes Sometimes referred to as simply "Kodi boxes," these devices range in terms of quality. But one thing they have in common is that they're extremely affordable - and require little setup. Q-Box Amlogic S905 Smart TV Box The Preyda Q-Box uses Android 5.1 OS to give you access to a world of apps. It even comes with Kodi pre-installed - though you'll probably need to do some tweaking to get everything up to date with the latest versions. YouTube, iPlayer, 4OD, Skype, Google and an almost endless list can be easily accessed on your TV. With 2GB RAM and 16GB Internal storage, the Preyda Q-Box is the first to change the game for high performance Android devices on your HD television. MX3 Advance Android TV Box The MX3 Advance also comes with Kodi installed and preloaded with a bunch of popular add-ons. There's 16GB of internal storage along with an SD card slot so you can load up your personal media, and there's also two USB ports on the back. DROIBOX Nano 4K Costing just £35, this is a powerful quad core Android TV Box 6.0 Mashmellow With Kodi already built-in. You can get access to millions of apps and channels. Users can take advantage of the new Amlogic S905X chipset, 2.0Ghz x4 64-bit processor along with 1GB DDR3 memory and 8GB SSD storage. The device supports 4K Ultra HD, 3D film, DLNA/UPNP play, or you can play media from storage device like memory card, USB drive. Built-in KODI (XBMC), support full HD hardware acceleration, fully loaded supports free streaming from internet. Full one year UK warranty and free online Kodi addons. How to add subtitles From the Kodi homescreen, select the following in the order below: System Settings Video Subtitles (left panel) Scroll Down (right panel) Default TV show service Get more OpenSubtitles.org Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @LivEchonews Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On BBC Google ITV Sky YouTube Sherlock Barclay's Premier League News all Most Read Most Recent Merseyside PoliceM53 motorway closed for 21 hours after man's body was found The circumstances surrounding his death are still unclear Liverpool CouncilDead mice, rat droppings and blood splattered walls found during butchers inspection The owner of the filthy business has now been fined £3,500. Liverpool John Moores UniversityCopperas Hill sorting office set to be demolished Liverpool John Moores University had planned to redevelop landmark building - now it wants to pull it down Liverpool CouncilDo you have to pay Parking Charge notices? And everything else you need to know Outlining your rights over parking fines and which ones you can fight RuncornExploding washing machine sent shards of glass flying everywhere Mum-of-two wants to know why product wasn't recalled Liverpool NewsLive: Breaking news from Liverpool and Merseyside Saturday February 11 Kate McMullin and the team with all the breaking news and travel via our Old Hall Street news room RuncornRuncorn nursery graded 'inadequate' Ofsted raises concerns over hazards such as sharp broken pottery and bags with cord strings HillsboroughLFC finally bans The S*n: the history of the boycott A look back at how many people on Merseyside have stood firm against the reviled tabloid since 1989 Liverpool John Moores UniversityCopperas Hill sorting office set to be demolished Liverpool John Moores University had planned to redevelop landmark building - now it wants to pull it down RuncornExploding washing machine sent shards of glass flying everywhere Mum-of-two wants to know why product wasn't recalled Most Read Most Recent Merseyside PoliceM53 motorway closed for 21 hours after man's body was found The circumstances surrounding his death are still unclear Everton FCEverton boss Koeman laughs off Martinez criticism of Blues defence - "He's a really good talker" Martinez said he saw the same "frailities" in Everton's defence that were there last season Liverpool CouncilDead mice, rat droppings and blood splattered walls found during butchers inspection The owner of the filthy business has now been fined £3,500. Liverpool John Moores UniversityCopperas Hill sorting office set to be demolished Liverpool John Moores University had planned to redevelop landmark building - now it wants to pull it down Liverpool CouncilDo you have to pay Parking Charge notices? And everything else you need to know Outlining your rights over parking fines and which ones you can fight Liverpool NewsLive: Breaking news from Liverpool and Merseyside Saturday February 11 Kate McMullin and the team with all the breaking news and travel via our Old Hall Street news room Valentine's DayMarks & Spencer, Tesco, Asda and other supermarket Valentine's Day meal deals Get a bargain and still feel romantic as the loveliest day of the year nears RuncornRuncorn nursery graded 'inadequate' Ofsted raises concerns over hazards such as sharp broken pottery and bags with cord strings Knowsley Safari ParkWatch tigers and lions being fed at Knowsley Safari Park as it reopens for the season this weekend See these fascinating and powerful animals up close HillsboroughLFC finally bans The S*n: the history of the boycott A look back at how many people on Merseyside have stood firm against the reviled tabloid since 1989 Top Stories Liverpool John Moores UniversityCopperas Hill sorting office set to be demolished Liverpool John Moores University had planned to redevelop landmark building - now it wants to pull it down RuncornExploding washing machine sent shards of glass flying everywhere Mum-of-two wants to know why product wasn't recalled Merseyside PoliceM53 motorway closed for 21 hours after man's body was found The circumstances surrounding his death are still unclear Liverpool CouncilDead mice, rat droppings and blood splattered walls found during butchers inspection The owner of the filthy business has now been fined £3,500. Merseyside PolicePaedophile gives thumbs up to supporters as he is jailed for ruining girls' childhoods Judge tells John Greenwood: “I suspect you remain simply in denial.” Everton FCMiddlesbrough vs Everton LIVE - Score updates and team news from the Riverside as the Toffees take on Boro Join the ECHO's Phil Kirkbride and the team for updates, scores and analysis as Everton travel to Middlesbrough Liverpool FCLiverpool vs Tottenham LIVE - Score updates and team news from Anfield Join the ECHO's James Pearce and the team for updates, scores and analysis as Liverpool host Spurs Everton FCEverton boss Koeman laughs off Martinez criticism of Blues defence - "He's a really good talker" Martinez said he saw the same "frailities" in Everton's defence that were there last season Liverpool FCThe Liverpool slide - how does Jurgen Klopp turn it around? We asked our ECHO football writers to suggest one thing Jurgen Klopp could do to improve the Reds Everton FCTom Davies' Everton emergence is 'great for the club and for the city' Former Blues midfielder Forshaw ready to lock horns with Merseyside's brightest prospect Liverpool FCBlood Red - How Liverpool's season hinges on a Coutinho revival Brazilian attacker must rediscover his lost swagger if Liverpool are to regain initiative in final 14 games Liverpool FC'They shouldn't be allowed inside Goodison!' - Everton fans want club to ban The S*n The tabloid newspaper, which is hated on Merseyside for its coverage of the Hillsborough disaster in 1989, is now banned from covering games at Anfield M53 motorway closed for 21 hours after man's body was found Dead mice, rat droppings and blood splattered walls found during butchers inspection Copperas Hill sorting office set to be demolished Do you have to pay Parking Charge notices? And everything else you need to know Exploding washing machine sent shards of glass flying everywhere Paedophile gives thumbs up to supporters as he is jailed for ruining girls' childhoods Pictures reveal why firefighters could NOT gain entry into a hoarders home Paul Nuttall says claims he was not at Hillsborough are result of Labour "smear campaign" Jennifer Ellison reveals trim figure after dropping FOUR dress sizes M53 delays and all the latest updates and breaking news Celebrity chef Gino D'Acampo to open restaurant at landmark former Liverpool bank You should be looking out for these white stripes in your chicken Aigburth ringleader and Mersey associates busted in Belgian drugs plot M53 remains closed this morning due to discovery of man's body Emergency in the air after cargo door opens on flight to Portugal Man tells of moment he saved dad covered in blood after being repeatedly stabbed Can you help unlucky in love pups find new homes in time for Valentine's Day? Popular Kirkby bingo hall 'set to close' Five teens arrested after police raid home and find gun, heroin and cocaine Police want to speak to this man over St Johns Shopping Centre sex attacks News What's on Sport In Your Area Liverpool FC Everton FC Celebs Business Follow us facebook twitter instagram Our RSS feeds Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with us Bingo How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © 2016 Trinity Mirror Merseyside This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Contact Us Contests News Feb 10, 2017 6:00 AM ESTSnapchat and A+E are launching a mini reality show about exes Feb 9, 2017 9:04 PM ESTCanadian Anti-Fraud Centre warns public about ‘Can you hear me?&... Feb 9, 2017 8:16 PM ESTNBA and Take-Two partner for eSports league Feb 9, 2017 7:07 PM ESTGoogle Assistant on Pixel gains ‘home control’ smart devic... Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM ESTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 4:36 PM ESTTelus VoLTE now supports recent iPhone models and LG Power X Feb 9, 2017 4:00 PM ESTSony Xperia X Performance Android Nougat update now available on Roger... Feb 9, 2017 3:19 PM ESTApple’s next flagship iPhone may end up its most expensive yet Carriers Feb 9, 2017 8:39 AM ESTTelus Q4 2016 Earnings: wireless network revenue increases to $1.7 bil... Feb 8, 2017 9:00 PM ESTTelus registers Pik TV trademark, hints at program guide with access t... Feb 8, 2017 7:25 PM ESTThe next wireless standard is officially ‘5G’ Feb 8, 2017 6:36 PM ESTChatr offers new data top-up feature, lets customers change plan online Feb 8, 2017 12:45 PM ESTFreedom Mobile calls on CRTC to do away with unlocking fees Feb 7, 2017 11:25 AM ESTBell blames CRTC ruling for 39 percent Super Bowl ratings drop in Canada Feb 6, 2017 4:00 PM EST‘Technical glitch’ briefly causes Fido to block texts that... Feb 6, 2017 11:14 AM ESTCRTC discussing effectiveness of the Wireless Code this week Manufacturers Feb 9, 2017 7:07 PM ESTGoogle Assistant on Pixel gains ‘home control’ smart devic... Feb 8, 2017 3:06 PM ESTDiscarded batteries cause fire at Chinese Samsung SDI plant Feb 7, 2017 6:55 PM ESTApple releases iOS 10.3 beta 2 to public testers Feb 3, 2017 5:07 PM ESTApple accused of ‘breaking Facetime’ to prompt users to up... Jan 30, 2017 3:15 PM ESTApple removes tool that lets you check if an iPhone has been stolen Jan 30, 2017 2:12 PM ESTBlackBerry CEO John Chen criticizes Trump’s immigration stance Jan 30, 2017 12:42 PM ESTGoogle creates $4 million fund for those affected by Trump travel ban Jan 25, 2017 5:19 PM ESTApple challenges Qualcomm with two new antitrust lawsuits Phones Feb 9, 2017 4:36 PM ESTTelus VoLTE now supports recent iPhone models and LG Power X Feb 9, 2017 4:00 PM ESTSony Xperia X Performance Android Nougat update now available on Roger... Feb 9, 2017 3:19 PM ESTApple’s next flagship iPhone may end up its most expensive yet Feb 8, 2017 1:42 PM ESTSamsung to reportedly show off foldable smartphone prototype behind cl... Feb 8, 2017 11:18 AM ESTNexus 6P, Nexus 6 and BlackBerry Priv reach ‘End of Life’ ... Feb 8, 2017 9:41 AM ESTSony’s new camera sensor can capture slow-motion video at 1,000 ... Feb 8, 2017 9:24 AM ESTNougat’s share of Android increases to 1 percent in latest distr... Feb 7, 2017 9:17 PM ESTBlackBerry DTEK50 and DTEK60 see lovely price cuts for Valentine’... Tablets Feb 6, 2017 10:14 AM ESTThe price is right with Lenovo’s thin new Yoga A12 2-in-1 Feb 1, 2017 10:09 AM ESTSamsung announces MWC keynote, likely to reveal Galaxy Tab S3 Jan 24, 2017 11:05 AM ESTDetachable Chrome OS tablets with Android app compatibility could be i... Jan 17, 2017 1:11 PM ESTMicrosoft drops prices on the Surface Pro 4 by up to $350 Jan 4, 2017 8:05 PM ESTGoogle’s 64GB Pixel C tablet is $100 off on the Google Store unt... Jan 4, 2017 6:32 PM ESTSamsung announces Chromebook Plus and Chromebook Pro with stylus and p... Dec 17, 2016 10:03 PM ESTMicrosoft Canada announces Holiday Super Sale Dec 6, 2016 3:00 AM ESTGlobal tablet shipments rebound after years of sweeping decline, says ... Wearables Feb 9, 2017 2:05 PM ESTOculus’ rocky 2017 continues following the closure of hundreds o... Feb 8, 2017 12:00 PM ESTHere are Android Wear 2.0’s 5 most interesting features Feb 8, 2017 12:00 PM ESTThe LG Watch Style and LG Watch Sport are coming to Canada soon Feb 8, 2017 12:00 PM ESTAsus ZenWatch 3, Moto 360 2nd Gen, Huawei Watch and more to get Androi... Feb 7, 2017 5:56 PM ESTThe ZTE Axon 7 is now Google Daydream VR compatible Feb 7, 2017 7:40 AM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – Oculus lawsuit awards $500 million to... Feb 6, 2017 5:42 PM ESTLeaked LG Watch Sport and Style user manual reveals Google Assistant d... Feb 4, 2017 12:31 PM ESTGoogle reportedly moves release of Android Wear 2.0 to February 8 Virtual Reality Feb 9, 2017 11:43 AM ESTMolson Canadian and Sportsnet bring 360 VR to NHL broadcasts Feb 1, 2017 4:43 PM ESTSony to release more PlayStation VR bundles this month Jan 30, 2017 11:42 AM ESTZeniMax now seeks $4 billion from Facebook-owned Oculus in court case Jan 27, 2017 3:06 PM ESTMicrosoft says it has sold thousands of HoloLens AR headsets Jan 26, 2017 10:24 AM ESTThe designer of the Vive has left HTC to work on Google Daydream Jan 26, 2017 10:00 AM ESTHugo Barra is now the head of Facebook’s virtual reality efforts Jan 25, 2017 1:12 PM ESTGoogle opens Daydream Access Program to all developers Jan 20, 2017 11:53 AM ESTSony’s PSVR now supports 360-degree YouTube videos Apps/Games Feb 9, 2017 8:16 PM ESTNBA and Take-Two partner for eSports league Feb 9, 2017 1:01 PM ESTUberEats offering free pizza delivery in Toronto for National Pizza Day Feb 9, 2017 12:48 PM ESTApple Pro Apps Bundle for Education available today in Canada for $259 Feb 9, 2017 11:05 AM ESTFXNow app is now available for 4th Gen Apple TV in Canada Feb 9, 2017 7:32 AM ESTMADD Canada and Uber partner to fight drunk driving Feb 8, 2017 8:10 PM ESTGoogle Music and YouTube once again rumoured to be combining services Feb 8, 2017 6:17 PM ESTNintendo’s Switch won’t launch with a web browser Feb 8, 2017 5:35 PM ESTNetflix reveals sneak peek at 2017 original content line-up Automotive Feb 8, 2017 4:49 PM ESTElon Musk says Tesla Model 3 won’t get 100kWh battery Feb 2, 2017 9:01 PM ESTOntario improves electric vehicle affordability with rebate boosts Jan 31, 2017 5:50 PM ESTUber partners with Daimler to introduce self-driving cars into its fleet Jan 31, 2017 8:31 AM ESTGM and Honda to mass-produce hydrogen fuel cells together Jan 30, 2017 5:56 PM ESTCar2go rolling out new Mercedes-Benz fleets in Vancouver and Toronto Jan 30, 2017 1:18 PM ESTRyerson engineering students present Hyperloop tech in Space X competi... Jan 18, 2017 5:20 PM ESTTesla expands its massive Gigafactory in Nevada to produce Model 3 motors Jan 18, 2017 1:47 PM ESTFord releases patent for in-vehicle social media camera to curb distra... Accessories Feb 7, 2017 4:18 PM ESTApple’s wireless Beats X headphones set to launch on February 10th Feb 1, 2017 7:49 PM ESTCoin’s app and support services shut down February 28th Feb 1, 2017 5:10 PM ESTGoPro returns to market with Karma drone after recall Jan 27, 2017 12:56 PM ESTSatechi’s USB-C Power Meter aims to prevent bad cables from dest... Jan 24, 2017 4:31 PM ESTLeak reveals upcoming Huawei Watch 2 with optional cellular connectivity Jan 24, 2017 3:14 PM ESTApple adding ‘Find My AirPods’ feature in iOS 10.3 Jan 20, 2017 12:49 PM ESTSonos’ CEO wants to add Google and Alexa integration to its spea... Jan 18, 2017 9:02 PM ESTSamsung might integrate an e-ink display into a flip-cover case Reviews Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM ESTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 30, 2017 9:06 AM ESTBlackBerry’s Mercury smartphone to include the same camera senso... Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM ESTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 27, 2017 9:30 AM ESTAxon 7 Mini Hands-on: Small phone, big sound Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM ESTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM ESTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM ESTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Phones Jan 30, 2017 9:06 AM ESTBlackBerry’s Mercury smartphone to include the same camera senso... Jan 27, 2017 9:30 AM ESTAxon 7 Mini Hands-on: Small phone, big sound Dec 27, 2016 8:02 PM ESTHTC 10, six months later Dec 17, 2016 1:09 PM ESTOnePlus 3T Mini Review: Victory lap Dec 14, 2016 2:31 PM ESTHuawei Nova Plus review: A solid mid-range Android for the right price Dec 7, 2016 4:42 PM ESTAlcatel Idol 4 Review: Mid-range standout Nov 14, 2016 8:22 PM ESTBlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end Oct 31, 2016 10:44 AM ESTLG G5, six months later Tablets Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM ESTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM ESTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM ESTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EST9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM ESTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM ESTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Nov 20, 2015 9:01 AM ESTSurface Pro 4 review: Microsoft perfects the laptop/tablet hybrid formula Wearables Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM ESTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM ESTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM ESTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM ESTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM ESTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM ESTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 May 5, 2016 4:40 PM ESTFitbit Alta review: The perfect Fitbit for almost everyone Accessories Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM ESTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Dec 10, 2016 10:00 AM ESTNative Union’s Dock+ charging stand review: High-end charging Oct 3, 2016 11:25 AM ESTMoto Mods review: Decent start Sep 19, 2016 6:33 PM ESTAirPods Review: Welcome to the wireless future Sep 4, 2016 12:33 PM ESTSamsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye Aug 31, 2016 11:30 AM ESTVancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone int... Aug 2, 2016 7:31 PM ESTGear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play Jun 5, 2016 1:00 PM ESTweBoost Drive 4G-X review: Signal on the road Automotive Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM ESTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM ESTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EST2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EST2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM ESTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EST2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Dec 31, 2015 10:02 AM ESTAndroid Auto review Nov 30, 2015 9:00 AM ESTReview: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford ... Games Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM ESTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM ESTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM ESTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM ESTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM ESTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM ESTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM ESTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Dec 9, 2016 10:56 AM ESTPlayStation 4 Pro Review: Generational sidestep Apps Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM ESTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM ESTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM ESTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM ESTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM ESTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM ESTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM ESTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Aug 6, 2016 2:30 PM ESTKeep tabs on Canada’s Olympic progress with CBC Rio 2016 [App of... Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM ESTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM ESTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM ESTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM ESTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM ESTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM ESTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EST2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Feb 5, 2017 2:22 PM ESTAutoviva loves to talk about fast cars [Bot of the Week] Feb 4, 2017 6:13 PM ESTCreate dank Donald Draws memes with this Android app [App of the Week] Feb 4, 2017 1:47 PM ESTFire Emblem Heroes is Nintendo’s best mobile game yet [Game of t... Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM ESTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 29, 2017 5:48 PM ESTCanadian tech community pens open letter in response to Trump Jan 28, 2017 3:04 PM ESTMicrosoft’s Zo is hip, millennial and doesn’t make sense [... Jan 28, 2017 12:14 PM ESTIs ZTE’s crowd-sourced Hawkeye smartphone becoming high-end? Jan 28, 2017 10:50 AM ESTStay on track with Impossible Road [Game of the Week] Carriers Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM ESTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM ESTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM ESTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EST7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EST10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM ESTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM ESTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Jan 5, 2017 9:17 AM ESTZTE pushes forward on the same strategy with new devices Editorials Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM ESTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EST3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM ESTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM ESTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM ESTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM ESTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement Nov 17, 2016 2:00 AM ESTApple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full o... Nov 15, 2016 1:00 PM ESTHere’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like App/Game of the Week Feb 5, 2017 2:22 PM ESTAutoviva loves to talk about fast cars [Bot of the Week] Feb 4, 2017 6:13 PM ESTCreate dank Donald Draws memes with this Android app [App of the Week] Feb 4, 2017 1:47 PM ESTFire Emblem Heroes is Nintendo’s best mobile game yet [Game of t... Jan 28, 2017 3:04 PM ESTMicrosoft’s Zo is hip, millennial and doesn’t make sense [... Jan 28, 2017 10:50 AM ESTStay on track with Impossible Road [Game of the Week] Jan 28, 2017 10:20 AM ESTUse TO Ice Breakers to get closer to local art exhibits [App of the week] Jan 22, 2017 5:33 PM ESTBlast off to another world with Landing Confirmed [Game of the Week] Jan 22, 2017 2:01 PM ESTMeme yourself and your friends with Dankland [Bot of the Week] Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM ESTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM ESTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM ESTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM ESTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM ESTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Jan 29, 2017 5:48 PM ESTCanadian tech community pens open letter in response to Trump Jan 25, 2017 1:04 PM ESTWindows 10’s upcoming ‘Game Mode’ aims to improve PC... Jan 25, 2017 9:00 AM ESTCanadian AI innovators, your time is now Jan 23, 2017 10:47 AM ESTSamsung Canada says 95 percent of Note 7s have been returned Jan 21, 2017 1:24 PM EST12 wearable predictions for 2017 Jan 18, 2017 6:36 PM ESTEdward Snowden criticizes BlackBerry for its stance on privacy Jan 18, 2017 4:05 PM ESTHere’s how Canadian indie developers feel about the Nintendo Switch Jan 17, 2017 4:37 PM ESTToronto-based Nanoleaf’s modular Aurora lights will trip you out Resources Feb 8, 2017 3:32 PM EST4 tips to help new Fire Emblem Heroes players get the most out of the ... Feb 8, 2017 11:32 AM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save mobile data on Android Feb 3, 2017 2:12 PM ESTHow to watch Super Bowl LI in Canada Feb 1, 2017 6:22 PM ESTTwo long press tips that make Twitter for iOS faster Feb 1, 2017 12:42 PM ESTHow to block unwanted calls on iOS, Android and Windows phone Jan 19, 2017 2:25 PM ESTHow Canadians can watch the Presidential inauguration Jan 14, 2017 10:22 AM ESTHow to use iOS 10’s new Bedtime feature Jan 11, 2017 12:15 PM ESTFacebook says you can fix Android app battery issues by resetting the app How-to's Feb 8, 2017 3:32 PM EST4 tips to help new Fire Emblem Heroes players get the most out of the ... Feb 8, 2017 11:32 AM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save mobile data on Android Feb 3, 2017 2:12 PM ESTHow to watch Super Bowl LI in Canada Feb 1, 2017 6:22 PM ESTTwo long press tips that make Twitter for iOS faster Feb 1, 2017 12:42 PM ESTHow to block unwanted calls on iOS, Android and Windows phone Jan 14, 2017 10:22 AM ESTHow to use iOS 10’s new Bedtime feature Jan 11, 2017 12:15 PM ESTFacebook says you can fix Android app battery issues by resetting the app Jan 3, 2017 7:41 AM EST4 ways to bolster your cyber security in the New Year Rate Plans Business Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM ESTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 2:33 PM ESTAirbnb in talks to buy Montreal-based Luxury Retreats to expand high-e... Feb 9, 2017 9:41 AM ESTTwitter Q4 2016 Earnings: Profit falls far below analyst estimates des... Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM ESTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 9, 2017 8:39 AM ESTTelus Q4 2016 Earnings: wireless network revenue increases to $1.7 bil... Feb 8, 2017 5:28 PM ESTGM Canada to open autonomous and connected vehicle centre in Markham, ... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM ESTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 8, 2017 5:08 PM ESTAirbnb listings in Canada under the regulatory microscope Carriers Feb 3, 2017 3:12 PM ESTThis is the last day to get Public Mobile’s late-2016 promo plan... Feb 2, 2017 8:31 AM ESTBell Q4 2016 Earnings: Subscriber base now at 8,468,872, $1.88b in rev... Feb 2, 2017 8:22 AM ESTTelus registers Digital City trademark to expand IoT focus Jan 26, 2017 12:15 PM ESTRogers Q4 2016 earnings: Average postpaid subscriber bill increases by... Jan 18, 2017 3:16 PM ESTBell’s residential service rates are increasing Jan 12, 2017 8:57 AM ESTShaw Q1 2017: Shaw quarterly profit cut in half due to Shomi shutdown Jan 12, 2017 7:44 AM ESTRogers registers ‘Other People’s Business’ trademark... Jan 11, 2017 7:11 PM ESTShaw launches new BlueSky IPTV platform to compete with Telus’ O... Security & Privacy Feb 7, 2017 3:05 PM ESTBlackBerry launches BBM Enterprise software development kit Feb 3, 2017 12:28 PM ESTCSIS unsure how many Canadians affected by illegal data program Jan 26, 2017 6:27 PM ESTD-Wave has a customer for its $15 million quantum computer Jan 16, 2017 9:03 PM ESTGovernment partners with IBM to open cybersecurity research centre at ... Jan 13, 2017 12:33 PM ESTMicrosoft acquires AI startup Maluuba Jan 5, 2017 7:24 AM ESTWarrants reveal Montreal journalist phone records to be part of invest... Dec 30, 2016 4:32 PM ESTFacebook buys information about users offline habits to improve its ads Dec 21, 2016 8:51 AM ESTCanadian telecoms oppose expanding police access to digital information Infrastructure Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM ESTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM ESTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM ESTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM ESTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Dec 6, 2016 1:48 PM ESTSaskTel expands LTE coverage in southwestern Saskatchewan Nov 23, 2016 12:17 PM ESTVirgin Mobile’s home internet service expands to Quebec Oct 18, 2016 12:59 PM ESTCalgary and Shaw Communications expand Wi-Fi to public recreation faci... Oct 12, 2016 6:09 PM ESTRogers says Unison saved small businesses ‘hundreds of thousands... Cloud Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM ESTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM ESTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM ESTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM ESTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM ESTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Jan 25, 2017 9:00 AM ESTCanadian AI innovators, your time is now Jan 24, 2017 7:31 AM ESTIntuit launches QuickBooks app for iOS and Android to help Canadians f... Jan 18, 2017 8:03 PM ESTIBM and Bell Canada partner to offer enterprise apps for iPhone users Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM ESTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM ESTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM ESTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM ESTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM ESTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM ESTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM ESTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... Jun 22, 2015 10:56 AM ESTHow smartphones are being used to make healthcare more accessible General Feb 9, 2017 2:33 PM ESTAirbnb in talks to buy Montreal-based Luxury Retreats to expand high-e... Feb 9, 2017 9:41 AM ESTTwitter Q4 2016 Earnings: Profit falls far below analyst estimates des... Feb 9, 2017 8:39 AM ESTTelus Q4 2016 Earnings: wireless network revenue increases to $1.7 bil... Feb 8, 2017 5:28 PM ESTGM Canada to open autonomous and connected vehicle centre in Markham, ... Feb 8, 2017 5:08 PM ESTAirbnb listings in Canada under the regulatory microscope Feb 8, 2017 7:41 AM ESTMontreal telemarketing group fined $450,000 for deceptive telemarketin... Feb 7, 2017 3:06 PM ESTHootsuite acquires social media marketing tool Adespresso Feb 7, 2017 12:59 PM ESTPayPal launches its first Slack bot to facilitate peer-to-peer payments Syrup Community Feb 3, 2017 2:11 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 106: The Super Bowl of Android Wear is coming Jan 27, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 105: Will the Samsung Galaxy S8 still sell? Jan 20, 2017 2:14 PM ESTSyrupCast 104: ‘Switching’ to Freedom’s LTE network Jan 13, 2017 2:37 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 103: Automotive tech is the new darling of CES Jan 6, 2017 3:05 PM ESTSyrupCast 102: The ‘Mercury’ is rising Dec 30, 2016 9:32 AM ESTSyrupCast 101: Looking back on 2016 Dec 16, 2016 4:09 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 100: Ghosts of Christmas past Dec 9, 2016 6:00 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 99: Goodnight Pebble SyrupCast Feb 3, 2017 2:11 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 106: The Super Bowl of Android Wear is coming Jan 27, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 105: Will the Samsung Galaxy S8 still sell? Jan 20, 2017 2:14 PM ESTSyrupCast 104: ‘Switching’ to Freedom’s LTE network Jan 13, 2017 2:37 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 103: Automotive tech is the new darling of CES Jan 6, 2017 3:05 PM ESTSyrupCast 102: The ‘Mercury’ is rising Dec 30, 2016 9:32 AM ESTSyrupCast 101: Looking back on 2016 Dec 16, 2016 4:09 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 100: Ghosts of Christmas past Dec 9, 2016 6:00 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 99: Goodnight Pebble SyrupShop AUKEY 24W/4.8A Dual Port USB Home Travel Wall Charger Huawei P8 Lite SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter AUKEY USB Charger with Dual Quick Charge 3.0 Spigen Ultra Hybrid iPhone 7 Case with Air Cushioned Drop SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions Menu News Feb 10, 2017 6:00 AM ESTSnapchat and A+E are launching a mini reality show about exes Feb 9, 2017 9:04 PM ESTCanadian Anti-Fraud Centre warns public about ‘Can you hear me?&... Feb 9, 2017 8:16 PM ESTNBA and Take-Two partner for eSports league Feb 9, 2017 7:07 PM ESTGoogle Assistant on Pixel gains ‘home control’ smart devic... Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM ESTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 4:36 PM ESTTelus VoLTE now supports recent iPhone models and LG Power X Feb 9, 2017 4:00 PM ESTSony Xperia X Performance Android Nougat update now available on Roger... Feb 9, 2017 3:19 PM ESTApple’s next flagship iPhone may end up its most expensive yet All News Carriers Feb 9, 2017 8:39 AM ESTTelus Q4 2016 Earnings: wireless network revenue increases to $1.7 bil... Feb 8, 2017 9:00 PM ESTTelus registers Pik TV trademark, hints at program guide with access t... Feb 8, 2017 7:25 PM ESTThe next wireless standard is officially ‘5G’ Feb 8, 2017 6:36 PM ESTChatr offers new data top-up feature, lets customers change plan online Feb 8, 2017 12:45 PM ESTFreedom Mobile calls on CRTC to do away with unlocking fees Feb 7, 2017 11:25 AM ESTBell blames CRTC ruling for 39 percent Super Bowl ratings drop in Canada Feb 6, 2017 4:00 PM EST‘Technical glitch’ briefly causes Fido to block texts that... Feb 6, 2017 11:14 AM ESTCRTC discussing effectiveness of the Wireless Code this week Manufacturers Feb 9, 2017 7:07 PM ESTGoogle Assistant on Pixel gains ‘home control’ smart devic... Feb 8, 2017 3:06 PM ESTDiscarded batteries cause fire at Chinese Samsung SDI plant Feb 7, 2017 6:55 PM ESTApple releases iOS 10.3 beta 2 to public testers Feb 3, 2017 5:07 PM ESTApple accused of ‘breaking Facetime’ to prompt users to up... Jan 30, 2017 3:15 PM ESTApple removes tool that lets you check if an iPhone has been stolen Jan 30, 2017 2:12 PM ESTBlackBerry CEO John Chen criticizes Trump’s immigration stance Jan 30, 2017 12:42 PM ESTGoogle creates $4 million fund for those affected by Trump travel ban Jan 25, 2017 5:19 PM ESTApple challenges Qualcomm with two new antitrust lawsuits Phones Feb 9, 2017 4:36 PM ESTTelus VoLTE now supports recent iPhone models and LG Power X Feb 9, 2017 4:00 PM ESTSony Xperia X Performance Android Nougat update now available on Roger... Feb 9, 2017 3:19 PM ESTApple’s next flagship iPhone may end up its most expensive yet Feb 8, 2017 1:42 PM ESTSamsung to reportedly show off foldable smartphone prototype behind cl... Feb 8, 2017 11:18 AM ESTNexus 6P, Nexus 6 and BlackBerry Priv reach ‘End of Life’ ... Feb 8, 2017 9:41 AM ESTSony’s new camera sensor can capture slow-motion video at 1,000 ... Feb 8, 2017 9:24 AM ESTNougat’s share of Android increases to 1 percent in latest distr... Feb 7, 2017 9:17 PM ESTBlackBerry DTEK50 and DTEK60 see lovely price cuts for Valentine’... Tablets Feb 6, 2017 10:14 AM ESTThe price is right with Lenovo’s thin new Yoga A12 2-in-1 Feb 1, 2017 10:09 AM ESTSamsung announces MWC keynote, likely to reveal Galaxy Tab S3 Jan 24, 2017 11:05 AM ESTDetachable Chrome OS tablets with Android app compatibility could be i... Jan 17, 2017 1:11 PM ESTMicrosoft drops prices on the Surface Pro 4 by up to $350 Jan 4, 2017 8:05 PM ESTGoogle’s 64GB Pixel C tablet is $100 off on the Google Store unt... Jan 4, 2017 6:32 PM ESTSamsung announces Chromebook Plus and Chromebook Pro with stylus and p... Dec 17, 2016 10:03 PM ESTMicrosoft Canada announces Holiday Super Sale Dec 6, 2016 3:00 AM ESTGlobal tablet shipments rebound after years of sweeping decline, says ... Wearables Feb 9, 2017 2:05 PM ESTOculus’ rocky 2017 continues following the closure of hundreds o... Feb 8, 2017 12:00 PM ESTHere are Android Wear 2.0’s 5 most interesting features Feb 8, 2017 12:00 PM ESTThe LG Watch Style and LG Watch Sport are coming to Canada soon Feb 8, 2017 12:00 PM ESTAsus ZenWatch 3, Moto 360 2nd Gen, Huawei Watch and more to get Androi... Feb 7, 2017 5:56 PM ESTThe ZTE Axon 7 is now Google Daydream VR compatible Feb 7, 2017 7:40 AM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – Oculus lawsuit awards $500 million to... Feb 6, 2017 5:42 PM ESTLeaked LG Watch Sport and Style user manual reveals Google Assistant d... Feb 4, 2017 12:31 PM ESTGoogle reportedly moves release of Android Wear 2.0 to February 8 Virtual Reality Feb 9, 2017 11:43 AM ESTMolson Canadian and Sportsnet bring 360 VR to NHL broadcasts Feb 1, 2017 4:43 PM ESTSony to release more PlayStation VR bundles this month Jan 30, 2017 11:42 AM ESTZeniMax now seeks $4 billion from Facebook-owned Oculus in court case Jan 27, 2017 3:06 PM ESTMicrosoft says it has sold thousands of HoloLens AR headsets Jan 26, 2017 10:24 AM ESTThe designer of the Vive has left HTC to work on Google Daydream Jan 26, 2017 10:00 AM ESTHugo Barra is now the head of Facebook’s virtual reality efforts Jan 25, 2017 1:12 PM ESTGoogle opens Daydream Access Program to all developers Jan 20, 2017 11:53 AM ESTSony’s PSVR now supports 360-degree YouTube videos Apps/Games Feb 9, 2017 8:16 PM ESTNBA and Take-Two partner for eSports league Feb 9, 2017 1:01 PM ESTUberEats offering free pizza delivery in Toronto for National Pizza Day Feb 9, 2017 12:48 PM ESTApple Pro Apps Bundle for Education available today in Canada for $259 Feb 9, 2017 11:05 AM ESTFXNow app is now available for 4th Gen Apple TV in Canada Feb 9, 2017 7:32 AM ESTMADD Canada and Uber partner to fight drunk driving Feb 8, 2017 8:10 PM ESTGoogle Music and YouTube once again rumoured to be combining services Feb 8, 2017 6:17 PM ESTNintendo’s Switch won’t launch with a web browser Feb 8, 2017 5:35 PM ESTNetflix reveals sneak peek at 2017 original content line-up Automotive Feb 8, 2017 4:49 PM ESTElon Musk says Tesla Model 3 won’t get 100kWh battery Feb 2, 2017 9:01 PM ESTOntario improves electric vehicle affordability with rebate boosts Jan 31, 2017 5:50 PM ESTUber partners with Daimler to introduce self-driving cars into its fleet Jan 31, 2017 8:31 AM ESTGM and Honda to mass-produce hydrogen fuel cells together Jan 30, 2017 5:56 PM ESTCar2go rolling out new Mercedes-Benz fleets in Vancouver and Toronto Jan 30, 2017 1:18 PM ESTRyerson engineering students present Hyperloop tech in Space X competi... Jan 18, 2017 5:20 PM ESTTesla expands its massive Gigafactory in Nevada to produce Model 3 motors Jan 18, 2017 1:47 PM ESTFord releases patent for in-vehicle social media camera to curb distra... Accessories Feb 7, 2017 4:18 PM ESTApple’s wireless Beats X headphones set to launch on February 10th Feb 1, 2017 7:49 PM ESTCoin’s app and support services shut down February 28th Feb 1, 2017 5:10 PM ESTGoPro returns to market with Karma drone after recall Jan 27, 2017 12:56 PM ESTSatechi’s USB-C Power Meter aims to prevent bad cables from dest... Jan 24, 2017 4:31 PM ESTLeak reveals upcoming Huawei Watch 2 with optional cellular connectivity Jan 24, 2017 3:14 PM ESTApple adding ‘Find My AirPods’ feature in iOS 10.3 Jan 20, 2017 12:49 PM ESTSonos’ CEO wants to add Google and Alexa integration to its spea... Jan 18, 2017 9:02 PM ESTSamsung might integrate an e-ink display into a flip-cover case Reviews Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM ESTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 30, 2017 9:06 AM ESTBlackBerry’s Mercury smartphone to include the same camera senso... Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM ESTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 27, 2017 9:30 AM ESTAxon 7 Mini Hands-on: Small phone, big sound Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM ESTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM ESTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM ESTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality All Reviews Phones Jan 30, 2017 9:06 AM ESTBlackBerry’s Mercury smartphone to include the same camera senso... Jan 27, 2017 9:30 AM ESTAxon 7 Mini Hands-on: Small phone, big sound Dec 27, 2016 8:02 PM ESTHTC 10, six months later Dec 17, 2016 1:09 PM ESTOnePlus 3T Mini Review: Victory lap Dec 14, 2016 2:31 PM ESTHuawei Nova Plus review: A solid mid-range Android for the right price Dec 7, 2016 4:42 PM ESTAlcatel Idol 4 Review: Mid-range standout Nov 14, 2016 8:22 PM ESTBlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end Oct 31, 2016 10:44 AM ESTLG G5, six months later Tablets Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM ESTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM ESTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM ESTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EST9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM ESTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM ESTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Nov 20, 2015 9:01 AM ESTSurface Pro 4 review: Microsoft perfects the laptop/tablet hybrid formula Wearables Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM ESTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM ESTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM ESTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM ESTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM ESTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM ESTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 May 5, 2016 4:40 PM ESTFitbit Alta review: The perfect Fitbit for almost everyone Accessories Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM ESTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Dec 10, 2016 10:00 AM ESTNative Union’s Dock+ charging stand review: High-end charging Oct 3, 2016 11:25 AM ESTMoto Mods review: Decent start Sep 19, 2016 6:33 PM ESTAirPods Review: Welcome to the wireless future Sep 4, 2016 12:33 PM ESTSamsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye Aug 31, 2016 11:30 AM ESTVancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone int... Aug 2, 2016 7:31 PM ESTGear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play Jun 5, 2016 1:00 PM ESTweBoost Drive 4G-X review: Signal on the road Automotive Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM ESTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM ESTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EST2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EST2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM ESTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EST2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Dec 31, 2015 10:02 AM ESTAndroid Auto review Nov 30, 2015 9:00 AM ESTReview: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford ... Games Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM ESTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM ESTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM ESTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM ESTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM ESTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM ESTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM ESTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Dec 9, 2016 10:56 AM ESTPlayStation 4 Pro Review: Generational sidestep Apps Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM ESTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM ESTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM ESTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM ESTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM ESTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM ESTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM ESTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Aug 6, 2016 2:30 PM ESTKeep tabs on Canada’s Olympic progress with CBC Rio 2016 [App of... Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM ESTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM ESTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM ESTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM ESTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM ESTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM ESTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EST2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Feb 5, 2017 2:22 PM ESTAutoviva loves to talk about fast cars [Bot of the Week] Feb 4, 2017 6:13 PM ESTCreate dank Donald Draws memes with this Android app [App of the Week] Feb 4, 2017 1:47 PM ESTFire Emblem Heroes is Nintendo’s best mobile game yet [Game of t... Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM ESTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 29, 2017 5:48 PM ESTCanadian tech community pens open letter in response to Trump Jan 28, 2017 3:04 PM ESTMicrosoft’s Zo is hip, millennial and doesn’t make sense [... Jan 28, 2017 12:14 PM ESTIs ZTE’s crowd-sourced Hawkeye smartphone becoming high-end? Jan 28, 2017 10:50 AM ESTStay on track with Impossible Road [Game of the Week] All Features Carriers Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM ESTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM ESTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM ESTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EST7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EST10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM ESTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM ESTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Jan 5, 2017 9:17 AM ESTZTE pushes forward on the same strategy with new devices Editorials Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM ESTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EST3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM ESTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM ESTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM ESTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM ESTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement Nov 17, 2016 2:00 AM ESTApple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full o... Nov 15, 2016 1:00 PM ESTHere’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like App/Game of the Week Feb 5, 2017 2:22 PM ESTAutoviva loves to talk about fast cars [Bot of the Week] Feb 4, 2017 6:13 PM ESTCreate dank Donald Draws memes with this Android app [App of the Week] Feb 4, 2017 1:47 PM ESTFire Emblem Heroes is Nintendo’s best mobile game yet [Game of t... Jan 28, 2017 3:04 PM ESTMicrosoft’s Zo is hip, millennial and doesn’t make sense [... Jan 28, 2017 10:50 AM ESTStay on track with Impossible Road [Game of the Week] Jan 28, 2017 10:20 AM ESTUse TO Ice Breakers to get closer to local art exhibits [App of the week] Jan 22, 2017 5:33 PM ESTBlast off to another world with Landing Confirmed [Game of the Week] Jan 22, 2017 2:01 PM ESTMeme yourself and your friends with Dankland [Bot of the Week] Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM ESTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM ESTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM ESTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM ESTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM ESTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Jan 29, 2017 5:48 PM ESTCanadian tech community pens open letter in response to Trump Jan 25, 2017 1:04 PM ESTWindows 10’s upcoming ‘Game Mode’ aims to improve PC... Jan 25, 2017 9:00 AM ESTCanadian AI innovators, your time is now Jan 23, 2017 10:47 AM ESTSamsung Canada says 95 percent of Note 7s have been returned Jan 21, 2017 1:24 PM EST12 wearable predictions for 2017 Jan 18, 2017 6:36 PM ESTEdward Snowden criticizes BlackBerry for its stance on privacy Jan 18, 2017 4:05 PM ESTHere’s how Canadian indie developers feel about the Nintendo Switch Jan 17, 2017 4:37 PM ESTToronto-based Nanoleaf’s modular Aurora lights will trip you out Resources Feb 8, 2017 3:32 PM EST4 tips to help new Fire Emblem Heroes players get the most out of the ... Feb 8, 2017 11:32 AM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save mobile data on Android Feb 3, 2017 2:12 PM ESTHow to watch Super Bowl LI in Canada Feb 1, 2017 6:22 PM ESTTwo long press tips that make Twitter for iOS faster Feb 1, 2017 12:42 PM ESTHow to block unwanted calls on iOS, Android and Windows phone Jan 19, 2017 2:25 PM ESTHow Canadians can watch the Presidential inauguration Jan 14, 2017 10:22 AM ESTHow to use iOS 10’s new Bedtime feature Jan 11, 2017 12:15 PM ESTFacebook says you can fix Android app battery issues by resetting the app All Resources How-to's Feb 8, 2017 3:32 PM EST4 tips to help new Fire Emblem Heroes players get the most out of the ... Feb 8, 2017 11:32 AM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save mobile data on Android Feb 3, 2017 2:12 PM ESTHow to watch Super Bowl LI in Canada Feb 1, 2017 6:22 PM ESTTwo long press tips that make Twitter for iOS faster Feb 1, 2017 12:42 PM ESTHow to block unwanted calls on iOS, Android and Windows phone Jan 14, 2017 10:22 AM ESTHow to use iOS 10’s new Bedtime feature Jan 11, 2017 12:15 PM ESTFacebook says you can fix Android app battery issues by resetting the app Jan 3, 2017 7:41 AM EST4 ways to bolster your cyber security in the New Year Rate Plans Business Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM ESTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 2:33 PM ESTAirbnb in talks to buy Montreal-based Luxury Retreats to expand high-e... Feb 9, 2017 9:41 AM ESTTwitter Q4 2016 Earnings: Profit falls far below analyst estimates des... Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM ESTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 9, 2017 8:39 AM ESTTelus Q4 2016 Earnings: wireless network revenue increases to $1.7 bil... Feb 8, 2017 5:28 PM ESTGM Canada to open autonomous and connected vehicle centre in Markham, ... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM ESTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 8, 2017 5:08 PM ESTAirbnb listings in Canada under the regulatory microscope All Business Carriers Feb 3, 2017 3:12 PM ESTThis is the last day to get Public Mobile’s late-2016 promo plan... Feb 2, 2017 8:31 AM ESTBell Q4 2016 Earnings: Subscriber base now at 8,468,872, $1.88b in rev... Feb 2, 2017 8:22 AM ESTTelus registers Digital City trademark to expand IoT focus Jan 26, 2017 12:15 PM ESTRogers Q4 2016 earnings: Average postpaid subscriber bill increases by... Jan 18, 2017 3:16 PM ESTBell’s residential service rates are increasing Jan 12, 2017 8:57 AM ESTShaw Q1 2017: Shaw quarterly profit cut in half due to Shomi shutdown Jan 12, 2017 7:44 AM ESTRogers registers ‘Other People’s Business’ trademark... Jan 11, 2017 7:11 PM ESTShaw launches new BlueSky IPTV platform to compete with Telus’ O... Security & Privacy Feb 7, 2017 3:05 PM ESTBlackBerry launches BBM Enterprise software development kit Feb 3, 2017 12:28 PM ESTCSIS unsure how many Canadians affected by illegal data program Jan 26, 2017 6:27 PM ESTD-Wave has a customer for its $15 million quantum computer Jan 16, 2017 9:03 PM ESTGovernment partners with IBM to open cybersecurity research centre at ... Jan 13, 2017 12:33 PM ESTMicrosoft acquires AI startup Maluuba Jan 5, 2017 7:24 AM ESTWarrants reveal Montreal journalist phone records to be part of invest... Dec 30, 2016 4:32 PM ESTFacebook buys information about users offline habits to improve its ads Dec 21, 2016 8:51 AM ESTCanadian telecoms oppose expanding police access to digital information Infrastructure Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM ESTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM ESTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM ESTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM ESTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Dec 6, 2016 1:48 PM ESTSaskTel expands LTE coverage in southwestern Saskatchewan Nov 23, 2016 12:17 PM ESTVirgin Mobile’s home internet service expands to Quebec Oct 18, 2016 12:59 PM ESTCalgary and Shaw Communications expand Wi-Fi to public recreation faci... Oct 12, 2016 6:09 PM ESTRogers says Unison saved small businesses ‘hundreds of thousands... Cloud Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM ESTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM ESTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM ESTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM ESTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM ESTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Jan 25, 2017 9:00 AM ESTCanadian AI innovators, your time is now Jan 24, 2017 7:31 AM ESTIntuit launches QuickBooks app for iOS and Android to help Canadians f... Jan 18, 2017 8:03 PM ESTIBM and Bell Canada partner to offer enterprise apps for iPhone users Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM ESTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM ESTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM ESTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM ESTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM ESTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM ESTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM ESTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... Jun 22, 2015 10:56 AM ESTHow smartphones are being used to make healthcare more accessible General Feb 9, 2017 2:33 PM ESTAirbnb in talks to buy Montreal-based Luxury Retreats to expand high-e... Feb 9, 2017 9:41 AM ESTTwitter Q4 2016 Earnings: Profit falls far below analyst estimates des... Feb 9, 2017 8:39 AM ESTTelus Q4 2016 Earnings: wireless network revenue increases to $1.7 bil... Feb 8, 2017 5:28 PM ESTGM Canada to open autonomous and connected vehicle centre in Markham, ... Feb 8, 2017 5:08 PM ESTAirbnb listings in Canada under the regulatory microscope Feb 8, 2017 7:41 AM ESTMontreal telemarketing group fined $450,000 for deceptive telemarketin... Feb 7, 2017 3:06 PM ESTHootsuite acquires social media marketing tool Adespresso Feb 7, 2017 12:59 PM ESTPayPal launches its first Slack bot to facilitate peer-to-peer payments Syrup Community Feb 3, 2017 2:11 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 106: The Super Bowl of Android Wear is coming Jan 27, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 105: Will the Samsung Galaxy S8 still sell? Jan 20, 2017 2:14 PM ESTSyrupCast 104: ‘Switching’ to Freedom’s LTE network Jan 13, 2017 2:37 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 103: Automotive tech is the new darling of CES Jan 6, 2017 3:05 PM ESTSyrupCast 102: The ‘Mercury’ is rising Dec 30, 2016 9:32 AM ESTSyrupCast 101: Looking back on 2016 Dec 16, 2016 4:09 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 100: Ghosts of Christmas past Dec 9, 2016 6:00 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 99: Goodnight Pebble All Syrup Community SyrupCast Feb 3, 2017 2:11 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 106: The Super Bowl of Android Wear is coming Jan 27, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 105: Will the Samsung Galaxy S8 still sell? Jan 20, 2017 2:14 PM ESTSyrupCast 104: ‘Switching’ to Freedom’s LTE network Jan 13, 2017 2:37 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 103: Automotive tech is the new darling of CES Jan 6, 2017 3:05 PM ESTSyrupCast 102: The ‘Mercury’ is rising Dec 30, 2016 9:32 AM ESTSyrupCast 101: Looking back on 2016 Dec 16, 2016 4:09 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 100: Ghosts of Christmas past Dec 9, 2016 6:00 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 99: Goodnight Pebble SyrupShop AUKEY 24W/4.8A Dual Port USB Home Travel Wall Charger Huawei P8 Lite SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter AUKEY USB Charger with Dual Quick Charge 3.0 Spigen Ultra Hybrid iPhone 7 Case with Air Cushioned Drop SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions Contact Us Contests News PREVIOUS|NEXT Google Maps update adds real-time travel and point of interest info By Bradly Shankar Feb 6, 2017 12:04 PM EST 0 comments Google Maps is being redesigned to provide real-time information on traffic, public transportation and points of interest, among other things. According to a post on its blog, Google’s app will now feature three dedicated tabs at the bottom of Maps to give more organized and detailed travel details. Under the places tab, a selection of locations to eat and drink are now listed, notifying users of where to go for “cheap eats,” “business dining” and more. There are also set to be notifications related to points of interests like ATMs, pharmacies and gas stations. Following this is the driving tab, which gives real-time ETAs to home and work addresses. Information on traffic conditions and expected upcoming delays is also now displayed. Finally, the new transit tab recommends which method of public transit to take to a saved addresses. Users will be told when the next vehicles is set to arrive as well as ETAs to their destinations. If people are heading somewhere that isn’t already saved in their phones, a swipe down in this tab will help them get there by bringing up nearby transit stations with real-time schedules. Google says the update will roll out later today on Android devices. It’s unclear if the new layout will also make its way to iOS. Uber support was also recently added to Maps, allowing users to call for drivers without having to leave the app. Source: Google Blog  Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Reddit Featured Articles Asus ZenWatch 3, Moto 360 2nd Gen, Huawei Watch and more to get Android Wear 2.0 Discarded batteries cause fire at Chinese Samsung SDI plant Nexus 6P, Nexus 6 and BlackBerry Priv reach ‘End of Life’ status at Telus Freedom Mobile calls on CRTC to do away with unlocking fees Apple reportedly certifying connector to make USB-C and Lightning headphones play nice Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Thank you for your subscription Related Articles News Jul 3, 2016 2:38 PM ESTMake multiple stops on your trip with Google Maps latest Android update News Jan 12, 2017 6:19 PM ESTGoogle Maps now lets you hail an Uber without ever having to leave the app News Sep 19, 2016 9:21 PM ESTUber to expand mapping technology in Toronto and to other Ontario cities News Oct 7, 2016 7:48 AM ESTUber creating its own maps of Ottawa-Gatineau area after similar announcement in Toronto News Aug 31, 2016 8:22 PM ESTGoogle Maps’ new beta version includes traffic notifications and voice commands for avoidin... News Aug 9, 2016 8:00 PM ESTGoogle makes it easy to avoid data usage with new Wi-Fi only mode for Maps News Jun 30, 2016 7:38 PM ESTGoogle Maps is integrating the Pride Toronto parade into its app on July 2 Comments Categories News Reviews Features Resources Business Syrup Community Contact us About Us / Tips Contests Social Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Google+ Reddit Newsletter Signup Thank you for your subscription © 2017 mobilesyrup.com Privacy. Terms of use. Website designed by Evoke Solutions
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Veteran NASA engineer joins Uber to develop flying cars Mark Moore is now the director of engineering for aviation at Uber, working on a flying car initiative known as Uber Elevate. In a white paper, Uber laid out its vision for airborne commutes and identified challenges it said it wants to solve, like noise pollution, vehicle efficiency and limited battery life.  (Gene J. Puskar / The Associated Press)   By Brad StoneBloomberg Mon., Feb. 6, 2017 In 2010, an advanced aircraft engineer at NASA’s Langley Research Center named Mark Moore published a white paper outlining the feasibility of electric aircrafts that could take off and land like helicopters but were smaller and quieter. The vehicles would be capable of providing a speedy alternative to the dreary morning commute. Moore’s research into so-called VTOL—short for vertical takeoff and landing, or more colloquially, flying cars—inspired at least one billionaire technologist. After reading the white paper, Google co-founder Larry Page secretly started and financed two Silicon Valley startups, Zee Aero and Kitty Hawk, to develop the technology, Bloomberg Businessweek reported last summer. Now Moore is leaving the confines of the U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration, where he has spent the last 30 years, to join one of Google’s rivals: Uber Technologies Inc. Moore is taking on a new role as director of engineering for aviation at the ride-hailing company, working on a flying car initiative known as Uber Elevate. “I can’t think of another company in a stronger position to be the leader for this new ecosystem and make the urban electric VTOL market real,” he says. Uber isn’t constructing a flying car yet. In its own white paper published last October, the company laid out a radical vision for airborne commutes and identified technical challenges it said it wanted to help the nascent industry solve, like noise pollution, vehicle efficiency and limited battery life. Moore consulted on the paper and was impressed by the company’s vision and potential impact. Moore acknowledged that many obstacles stand in the way, and they’re not only technical. He says each flying car company would need to independently negotiate with suppliers to get prices down, and lobby regulators to certify aircrafts and relax air-traffic restrictions. But he says Uber, with its 55 million active riders, can uniquely demonstrate that there could be a massive, profitable and safe market. “If you don’t have a business case that makes economic sense, than all of this is just a wild tech game and not really a wise investment,” Moore says. Article Continued Below Uber’s vision is a seductive one, particularly for sci-fi fans. The company envisions people taking conventional Ubers from their homes to nearby “vertiports” that dot residential neighborhoods. Then they would zoom up into the air and across town to the vertiport closest to their offices. (“We don’t need stinking bridges!” says Moore.) These air taxis will only need ranges of between 80 to 160 kilometres, and Moore thinks that they can be at least partially recharged while passengers are boarding or exiting the aircraft. He also predicts we’ll see several well-engineered flying cars in the next one to three years and that there will be human pilots, at least managing the onboard computers, for the foreseeable future. His move to Uber is a risky one. Moore says he’s leaving NASA one year before he’s eligible for retirement and walking away from a significant percentage of his pension and free health care for life “to be in the right place at the right time to make this market real.” (Though it’s probably safe to say that Uber, with some $11 billion on its balance sheet, is making it worth his while.) Moore seems to be disillusioned with NASA, saying the agency is leaving promising new aviation markets to the private industry. “It’s the federal government who is best positioned to overcome extremely high levels of risks,” he says. While NASA is larded with layers of bureaucracy and management, Uber Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick has been closely involved in hatching his company’s flying car plans, Moore says. That is, when he’s not distracted with his own political crises, such as his role on U.S. President Donald Trump’s advisory council, which he relinquished last week after criticism from customers, drivers and employees. Kalanick’s bet on Uber Elevate is another indication that while Silicon Valley seems on the surface to be consumed with politics and protests these days, the march into the future continues apace. Read more about: Uber, Google Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 0°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Sarah Palin for ambassador to Canada? Social media explodes amid rumours that former U.S. vice-presidential candidate could be headed to Ottawa. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Donald Trump Mosque Attack Canada 150 Panama Papers Peacekeeping Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 'Our Google Home just went bonkers!' Firm's Super Bowl advert accidentally set off some of the smart devices The device is dormant until someone says 'Hey Google' or 'Ok Google'  Both those phrases featured in the advert, confusing the devices  People who had their own Google Home tweeted out about the interference, with one saying that it made their device go 'haywire' By Phoebe Weston For Mailonline Published: 12:05 EST, 6 February 2017 | Updated: 14:12 EST, 6 February 2017 e-mail 7 shares 2 View comments During last night's Super Bowl, Google's advert for its Home device was one of the most talked-about of the event. But viewers with their own Google Home were left annoyed by the advert, as their home system thought the TV was trying to communicate with them. Users took to Twitter to complain, with one person saying the advert had made his Google Home go 'bonkers.' Scroll down for video  Viewers with their own Google Home were left annoyed by the advert, as their home system thought the TV was trying to communicate with them ALWAYS LISTENING  Google Home is continually listening for commands. Google says nothing gets passed back to them until the speakers hear the keywords — 'Hey Google' or 'OK, Google'. A light comes on to remind you that it's listening.  You can turn off the microphone temporarily, too.  Google Home is dormant until someone says 'Hey Google' or 'Ok Google'.  But during the Super Bowl advert the home systems heard the TV broadcasts saying those phrases, causing them to turn on.  Users took to Twitter to complain about the interference.  Scott Foster tweeted:  'Our Google Home just went a little bonkers with the Google Home commercial'. Another user said: 'The Google commercial had my Google Home going haywire'.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next The death of Pirate Bay? Sky and Virgin will now issue you... Amazon may be planning a giant robot-run supermarket staffed... Listen to the song guaranteed to make your baby smile:... The billionaire so tired of being stuck in traffic he is... Share this article Share The home system, which relies on Artificial Intelligence, was released at the end of last year at a cost of around $130 (£104).  The Google Home device can answer questions or perform any number of functions - from playing music to turning on or off the lights. You can also temporarily turn the microphone off - which might have been useful during the Super Bowl TV commercials this year.  Home-based systems like Google Home are taking on more importance with the advent of improved voice technology.  Twitter user Scott Foster tweeted: 'Our Google Home just went a little bonkers with the Google Home commercial' Cheezus Price also took to Twitter to complain, saying: 'The Google commercial had my Google Home going haywire' At the unveiling of Home in May last year, Google boss Sundar Pichai said:  'We think of the assistant as an ambient experience that goes across devices - this is more than just phones, it will be on devices they wear, in their car and in their living rooms.' The leading technology companies are all competing to assist consumers in their online activities such as shopping, since that gives the companies a better chance of selling advertising or other services.  MailOnline has contacted Google for comment. Share or comment on this article e-mail 7 shares Most watched News videos Danielle Bregoli throws punches while boarding Spirit Airways Cameraman 'zooms in' on woman's breasts in 'see-through' swimsuit Caught on camera: Bystanders watch topless men fighting in street Moment Lindsay Hoyle and Alex Salmond scream at each other Danielle Bregoli discusses fighting a 'crack head' with her mom 'I don't take no s***': Bus driver kicks drunk man off bus Watch Barack Obama wipe out in kite surfing battle McConnell blocks Warren from reading letter from MLK's wife Footage shows hostile environment that Alexander Blackman endured Melissa McCarthy nails screeching Sean Spicer on SNL Danielle went viral after appearing on Dr Phil in 2016 Moment woman pops open her shirt by flexing her boobs Socialite Tara Palmer-Tomkinson, 45, dies at her London... 'She hit my mom and I need to whoop her right now:'... Barack Obam-AIR! New photos show former president... San Francisco transit janitor who makes more than $250K a... Woman accused of Photoshopping an engaged stranger's face... 'My intestines were out... and she was grabbing hold of... Snow could hit London TONIGHT and it's set to be a white... Chilling moment four women are stranded on a rock in the... Tara's devastating secret illness in her own words: How... Thinking of her breaststroke? Distracted cameraman... The astonishing moment a Zebra's head is left poking out... Bridge of sighs: Disgusted mother, 19, spots a couple... Visiting daddy at work! Ivanka shares sweet snap of her... New male contraceptive jab that works for TWO YEARS:... Iraqi girl, 10, is 'bitten to death' with medieval... Manchester City star John Stones splashes out £3.4million... 92% of left-wing activists live with their parents and... Mother is sentenced to 16 years in prison for incest,... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments (2) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read The truth about supermarket salmon: It's come 22,000 miles from Alaska to your plate (via China, Suez and... Look up tonight! Stunning snow moon eclipse and a mysterious green comet are set to appear in the night sky Change your WhatsApp security settings NOW: App rolls out an extra level of privacy for your messages Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't... B-52 set for 'Star Wars' weapons upgrade: Veteran bomber could get laser pods to shoot incoming missiles out... Ancient signals from the early universe: Scientists calculate gravitational wave sources that appeared right... The 'selfie paradox': Study finds people hate looking at them on other people's feeds - but still post their... US Army reveals smart sight that could give EVERY soldier the aim of a supersniper The amazing 'wizard's hat' amoeba: Arcella gandalfi named after Lord of the Rings character Samsung's Galaxy S8 'infinity screen' revealed in new leaks: Photos show curved design and tiny bezels Samsung's Galaxy S8 to be launched in New York next month in two sizes  - and both will have curved screens 'They have given me freedom': The heartwarming moment a cerebral palsy sufferer who uses her iPhone and iPad... Why Tinder is 'evil but satisfying': Expert finds the fun of swiping doesn't always carry over into the... Forget Google Maps, radical swarm of 148 mini satellites set to capture a 50-trillion-pixel image of Earth... Finding the same things funny is the secret to satisfaction in a relationship, scientists say MORE HEADLINES Look up tonight! Stunning snow moon eclipse and a mysterious green comet are set to appear in the night sky Change your WhatsApp security settings NOW: App rolls out an extra level of privacy for your messages US Army reveals smart sight that could give EVERY soldier the aim of a supersniper The 'selfie paradox': Study finds people hate looking at them on other people's feeds - but still post their own Do YOU dread going into the office? Getting ill is the only time we feel worse than being at work Revealed: 3,000-year old footprints of children are found alongside rare painting fragments at the site of a mysterious Egyptian palace Samsung's Galaxy S8 to be launched in New York next month in two sizes  - and both will have curved screens Samsung's Galaxy S8 'infinity screen' revealed in new leaks: Photos show curved design and tiny bezels Mark Zuckerberg reveals Oculus virtual reality gloves that let you TYPE in thin air Why Tinder is 'evil but satisfying': Expert finds the fun of swiping doesn't always carry over into the real-world The rise of the LAT: Experts spot big rise in older adults choosing 'living apart together' and keeping their own homes B-52 set for 'Star Wars' weapons upgrade: Veteran bomber could get laser pods to shoot incoming missiles out of the sky Forget Google Maps, radical swarm of 148 mini satellites set to capture a 50-trillion-pixel image of Earth DAILY following Valentine's Day launch Apple may have stored 'deleted' Safari searches in iCloud: Glitch meant private data was shown across multiple devices Did a DOUBLE plume of magma wipe out the dinosaurs? Experts suggest a new theory for the historic mass extinction 65 million years ago MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63  Ageless beauty All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Quite a catch Can a mattress help you have better sex? From keeping you cool to the perfect bounce, how your bed could hold the key to your love life SPONSORED Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' granddaughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  13 months old Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame 'The love of my life': Cassadee Pope announces engagement to Rian Dawson with sweet snap as she shows off huge diamond ring Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham Non-stop party Vanderpump Rules' Stassi Schroeder shows off her skivvies in sheer frock at Nicole Miller's NYFW runway show She sat front row at the show on Friday A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Didn't let the snow ruin her trip  Lovebirds! Peter Facinelli and girlfriend Lily Anne Harrison pack on the PDA as they take a stroll in Los Angeles  Seems like things are still quite steamy Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips at a Hollywood hotspot Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man She did her best to keep a low profile Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world She is turning heads She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honoring Tom Petty She can't help but command the spotlight 'We are extremely happy': George Clooney's mom, Nina, gushes over what a 'great' dad her son will make as he and wife Amal expect twins She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA She looked gorgeous as ever New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly fashion week Braving the cold weather Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Seems to have forgotten an item of clothing Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Making a name for herself EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and wanting to meet Trump Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Johnny Depp's ex 'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics She's regularly seen with a fully made up face 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded The America's Got Talent host spoke out 'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line She's proud of her figure 'I could die': Mama June Shannon vows there is a 'skinnier person inside' her as she undergoes surgery in new From Not to Hot trailer Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Sweat session with Kourtney and Khloe Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands Spotted out and about in Los Angeles Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Canine companions 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  Scary dad Big city pretty! Snooki, JWOWW and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar They were seen getting their glam on Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3am' at West Hollywood bar Out with a friend Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble 36th birthday 'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón Loved-up That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party in LA with former Miss USA Rima Fakih...who's the spitting image of his girlfriend Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Ivanka, Jared and their three children take their first flight on Air Force One to Mar-a-Lago as she carries purse and wears shoes from her own embattled label Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Found someone new? Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes' puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Racy outfit The Crown creator is 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the hit drama Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Very similar color palettes Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    Expecting their first child Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man before revealing she has split from husband Doug Hutchison, 56 Blonde reality star is 22 Duggars welcomes 'son' Tyler to the family while celebrating his birthday three months after Jim Bob and Michelle were declared his legal guardians Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Amber Rose and Val Chmerkovskiy 'split' almost five months after falling in love on Dancing With The Stars  Reportedly 'just too different' New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week New hair 'It's truly a miracle': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly on casual outing in Beverly Hills Her dress emphasized her baby bump The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals that he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat following their ugly split Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Classy look Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Used to spend hours reading comments about her appearance  How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk shows bump in sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Bradley Cooper girlfriend Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Backlash over show Trans teen Jazz Jennings is set to get her own DOLL as toy company announces the debut of 'genderless' toy made in the 16 year old's likeness Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' before calling  Call has been leaked Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his baby son River Rocket Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week The 30-year-old Aussie  'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals  top director pressured her to do nude scene - after insisting she needed a nose job It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Family trip! Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her mother and her children Jackson and August South African actress adopted both kids Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  While Kate Spade unveils a Parisian-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up pieces for the modern gal Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show Taking in New York Fashion Week Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Putting their money where their mouth is: Celebs go on shopping sprees at Nordstrom after Trump bashed retailer for dropping Ivanka's clothing line Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Plays a brutal assassin  Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga following her Super Bowl show Color in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  Features 31 outfits Kate and Wills planning a third baby? Harry and Meghan's engagement? Charles facing new embarrassment over Diana? What's going on behind the new hedge  How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Sarah Ferguson is going by her middle name Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in white dress as she cozies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Hang on Sloopy rocker is charged with taking a loaded gun in his carry-on bag on a Delta flight to Atlanta Rick Derringer was flying from Cancun, Mexico Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot Two friends and daughters of A-listers  Movie theater says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Arousing passions Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Adorable photo  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress in Berlin... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars The Girls star, 28. Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the brand at just 12 The Stranger Things star Ivanka's new life in DC: Visits to her kids' new schools, Flywheel classes, meetings with Mark Zuckerberg's wife and weekly date nights with husband Jared 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Chatting on Ellen show   Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name EXCLUSIVE: Anna Nicole's bodyguard 'Big Moe' tells how he frantically tried to revive her and admits he and star's inner circle were 'enablers'  Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at New York Fashion Week Not wanted! NeNe Leakes jets out of New York amid claims RHOA co-stars are angry she's returning with Kim Zolciak Tensions are rising 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Things didn't go to plan 'It's been a double whammy': Whoopi Goldberg says she didn't realize how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths  Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed coat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere EXCLUSIVE Drake spends a whopping $750 on chicken takeouts in a late night visit to Leeds branch of Nando's fast food restaurant in England 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge The hunky Irish actor Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  Beyonce's sister, 30 How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill Showing off some cleavage while playing Gloria  Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' The actor's He Will Not Divide Us exhibit  Managers threatening to sue Blac Chyna for $3m target producers of her reality show with Rob Kardashian They've sent cease and desist letters Rosie O'Donnell transforms into Trump's adviser Steve Bannon on her Twitter profile after volunteering for SNL role Stunning likeness Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked pants and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in an oversized shearling coat after flashing sexy underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere in London Can YOU identify these stars from their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Taylor Swift has perfect pair Getting a gift for the grandkids? Amal Clooney's mom Baria is pictured going into a children's bookstore as it's revealed A-listers are expecting twins PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's London apartment  Making an entrance! Fans go wild as The Bold and The Beautiful stars led by Jacqueline MacInnes Wood and Don Diamont make trip Down Under  Chelsea Handler mocks Trump and Ivanka by posing outside the White House clutching Nordstrom bags The talk show queen Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Flashed plenty of skin  When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini dress and matching pajama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty look uncomfortable as they dodge TV show question about Meghan Markle and Prince Harry  NY Giants star Odell Beckham Jr is robbed of shoes, cash and jewelry after 'leaving a bag at a friend's house in Houston' during the Super Bowl 'Well today was a bit warm!' Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts her bikini body at the beach in scorching hot Sydney  The 25-year-old lawyer turned Instagram model  LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorizes with a quirky clutch 'Sadder than any break-up': Lena Dunham talks about final season of her hit show Girls in candid chat on Inside The Actors Studio An emotional time Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Turning heads 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Very exciting news Peekaboo! Emily Ratajkowski flashes side boob while Hailey Baldwin shows off her pert derriere at New York Fashion Week The stunning models  Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cozy up to each other on the red carpet for The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Good genes! Kelsey and Camille Grammer's daughter Mason, 15, struts her stuff on catwalk for NYFW It looks like talent runs in the family She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in support to brand ambassador husband David following email hacking scandal Delighted Matt Damon reveals he was close to tears after George Clooney told him Amal's twin pregnancy secret when she was just 8 weeks along 'I'm in love!': Kourtney Kardashian bonds with niece Dream... and Penelope gets a squeeze in too Enamored with her brother Rob's daughter Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three The hit PBS show Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking Little Mix singer Jade Thirlwall shows off enviably slender figure in racy tour costume... hours after bandmate Jesy Nelson flaunted her abs in saucy underwear  Katie Holmes shimmies up a storm in her fringed Marchesa frock at red-themed NYFW event Whipped her fringed frock into a frenzy Sister summit! TV siblings Jessica Biel, Beverley Mitchell, and Mackenzie Rosman meet up for 7th Heaven reunion It's been ten years  Brit bombshells! Suki Waterhouse goes braless in perilously plunging jumpsuit while Lottie Moss parades her toned legs in sexy mini dress for fashion event 'I have a right to make that judgment': The Bachelor's Nick Viall defends decision to keep free-spirit Corinne on the show Fiery words Bite me! Ariana Grande's brother Frankie chomps on chain as he storms down the runway in head-to-toe glitter during New York Fashion Week  Red hot! Iskra Lawrence displays her sensational curves in figure-hugging scarlet frock as she arrives at star-studded charity catwalk during NYFW Larry Birkhead says daughter Dannielynn is 'fearless' just like her mother Anna Nicole Smith as he opens up about the model on 10th anniversary of her death Kourtney Kardashian meets up with ex Scott Disick after reality star parties poolside with ladies in Miami Spotted at an office in West Hollywood 'I was very much the same': Khloe Kardashian empathizes with 'ride or die' Tiffany Morgan on Revenge Body Reality star's new show From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story The Hyperloop is go! SpaceX tests student pod designs that could make Elon Musk's vision for the future of transport a reality 42 comments 3 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 'I love all my moms': Hundreds of polygamists and their families led by the 'Sister Wives' descend on the steps of Utah Capitol to demand the legal right to plural marriage Black high school basketball players are harassed by 60 students dressed up for 'Hick Night' chanting 'Build that wall' and 'Get them out of here!' during game World's eighth biggest spammer, who is responsible for sending more than a million spam emails, faces decades in jail after being arrested 'He's gone. He's blue': Frantic 911 call from George Michael's lover reveals that he had been trying to wake him for an hour before calling The Supper Bowl! The Trumps, the Japanese prime minister and his wife are joined by New England Patriots owner for dinner at Mar-a-Lago after the First Family fly to Florida on Air Force One Hundreds of illegal immigrants arrested across six states this week in what officials say are 'routine' roundups of people who would also have been detained under Obama Trump says a 'brand new' immigration order could come as soon as MONDAY - as the White House looks to avoid a Supreme Court fight and craft a new plan From Russia with love: Vladimir Putin 'is considering returning Edward Snowden' to the US as a 'gift' to Trump more than three years after he was granted asylum in Moscow Michael Flynn's top aide is fired from National Security Council as tensions escalate over his discussions with Russian ambassador  Protesters block newly-installed education secretary Betsy DeVos from entering the first school she tries to visit, forcing her to sneak in via a side entrance  That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political Trump laughed and nodded along during the Japanese PM's speech during Friday's press conference because 'he knew what the speech was about' Welcome to the famous White House! Trump pulls in the Japanese prime minister for a bromantic greeting before he takes a very Donald tour of the President's home ahead of a weekend of golf at Mar-a-Lago Getting away from it all! Ivanka carries a purse and wears shoes from her own under fire label as she, Jared and their three young children take their first flight on Air Force One to Mar-a-Lago Gym owner goes after Ivanka Trump on Facebook after finding out the first daughter used an alias to sign up for a class Trump stuns lawmakers by claiming he and former Senator Ayotte would have both won New Hampshire if not for 'thousands of illegal voters who were bused in from out of state' Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show where she denied she's considering a Senate run Parts of Trump 'dirty dossier' HAVE been verified by investigators - but NOT the most salacious details including 'golden shower' claims How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Jared Kushner's younger brother Joshua 'has a preliminary agreement to buy the Miami Marlins baseball team for roughly $1.6billion' Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' Ole Miss student, 21, HEADBUTTS a cop, breaking his nose, as he is taken into a cell for 'robbing a store clerk while high on new drug gravel' Little Caesars creator and Detroit Red Wings and Tigers owner dies aged 87 after amassing a fortune worth $6BILLION Previous Next Not so intelligent now! Google Home's Super Bowl ad makes 'smart speaker' devices across America go crazy The Google Home smart speakers answer questions and control home devices They are activated when the user says 'OK Google' followed by their request The Super Bowl ad featured several 'OK Google' requests, triggering devices One user thought his home was being broken into after his speaker activated  By James Wilkinson For Dailymail.com Published: 12:07 EST, 6 February 2017 | Updated: 14:10 EST, 6 February 2017 e-mail 105 shares 71 View comments The Google Home speakers might be intelligent, but it seems that their advertisers are dim bulbs after a misguided Super Bowl ad led to devices across the country going crazy. The speakers also act as a voice-activated hub for home devices and a hands-free search engine for users. All they need to say is 'OK Google' followed by their request. Naturally, the Super Bowl ad tried to show off the device's cool voice functionality - and in doing so, it activated Google Home devices within earshot of their TVs, USA Today reported. Scroll down for video Smart talk: The Google Home (pictured) is a voice-activated 'smart speaker' that can answer questions and control home devices - it is activated when a user says 'OK Google' Outspoken: The Google Home Super Bowl ad (pictured) features families using the device with the 'OK Google' password - causing viewers' devices to react in turn 'Freaked out': This user thought he was being robbed after the Super Bowl ad turned on the Google Home in his kitchen. Many users reported similar problems on Twitter The advert shows people across the US coming together as they ask their smart speakers a series of questions. 'OK Google - what's a good substitute for cardamom?' 'OK Google - what sound does a whale make?' 'OK Google - what's the weather?'  Of course, the repeated refrain of 'OK Google' led to nearby devices trying to help the fictional families out - to the amusement and annoyance of Twitter users. 'Google Home was saying "sorry, I don't understand" to the TV in response to the #GoogleHome #SuperBowl commercial,' wrote James Thomas. 'Not quite there yet.' 'Hahah #GoogleHome commercial made my lights dim....' chuckled Dylan Schmoldt. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Battle of the Super Bowl ads: Rundown of the best and the... The pro-immigrant Super Bowl commercial which was too... Tech vs. Trump: Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft and... It's the Brady bunch! Champion QB poses with entire family... Share this article Share 105 shares 'The @Google Home #Superbowl commercial just totally confused our poor #googlehome who dutifully tried to answer all questions,' wrote Johanna Rehnvall. But others were less amused. A Twitter user with the name 'Luke, you're my...' wrote: 'Thanks Google. My Google home that I already purchased just had a mental breakdown trying to respond to your commercial.' And Tom Quinn had a worse experience: 'That #GoogleHome commercial just made my GH device go off in my kitchen. Freaked me the f**k out. Thought I was being robbed.' Dim: At the end of the advert, a group of people planning a surprise birthday party tell Google Home to dim the lights - having the same effect on this user's home setup Breakdown: Other Google Homes simply couldn't deal with the barrage of requests in the advert, including this user's, which had a 'mental breakdown' Google isn't the only smart speaker company to come a cropper thanks to an ill-thought-out ad. Its rival, the Amazon Echo, suffered a similar malfunction in January, according to The Verge.  A young girl in Dallas, Texas, asked the Echo - which is activated using the name of its, AI, Alexa - to buy her a dollhouse and cookies, which it dutifully did, using her parents' Amazon account.  Unfortunately, an anchor on San Diego’s CW6 News commented on the story shortly afterward: 'I love the little girl, saying "Alexa ordered me a dollhouse."' The station received a series of calls from viewers saying that their Echos had made dollhouse purchases of their own. Work to be done: This user thinks the Google Home needs more development, as it became confused by the Super Bowl ad Read more: Google's Home TV ad makes Google Home systems go crazy Amazon¿s Alexa started ordering people dollhouses after hearing its name on TV - The Verge Share or comment on this article e-mail 105 shares Most watched News videos Danielle Bregoli throws punches while boarding Spirit Airways Cameraman 'zooms in' on woman's breasts in 'see-through' swimsuit Caught on camera: Bystanders watch topless men fighting in street Moment Lindsay Hoyle and Alex Salmond scream at each other Danielle Bregoli discusses fighting a 'crack head' with her mom 'I don't take no s***': Bus driver kicks drunk man off bus Watch Barack Obama wipe out in kite surfing battle McConnell blocks Warren from reading letter from MLK's wife Footage shows hostile environment that Alexander Blackman endured Melissa McCarthy nails screeching Sean Spicer on SNL Danielle went viral after appearing on Dr Phil in 2016 Moment woman pops open her shirt by flexing her boobs Socialite Tara Palmer-Tomkinson, 45, dies at her London... 'She hit my mom and I need to whoop her right now:'... Barack Obam-AIR! New photos show former president... San Francisco transit janitor who makes more than $250K a... Woman accused of Photoshopping an engaged stranger's face... 'My intestines were out... and she was grabbing hold of... Snow could hit London TONIGHT and it's set to be a white... Chilling moment four women are stranded on a rock in the... Tara's devastating secret illness in her own words: How... Thinking of her breaststroke? Distracted cameraman... The astonishing moment a Zebra's head is left poking out... Bridge of sighs: Disgusted mother, 19, spots a couple... Visiting daddy at work! Ivanka shares sweet snap of her... New male contraceptive jab that works for TWO YEARS:... Iraqi girl, 10, is 'bitten to death' with medieval... Manchester City star John Stones splashes out £3.4million... 92% of left-wing activists live with their parents and... Mother is sentenced to 16 years in prison for incest,... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments (71) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63  Ageless beauty All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Quite a catch Can a mattress help you have better sex? From keeping you cool to the perfect bounce, how your bed could hold the key to your love life SPONSORED Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' granddaughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  13 months old Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame 'The love of my life': Cassadee Pope announces engagement to Rian Dawson with sweet snap as she shows off huge diamond ring Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham Non-stop party Vanderpump Rules' Stassi Schroeder shows off her skivvies in sheer frock at Nicole Miller's NYFW runway show She sat front row at the show on Friday A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Didn't let the snow ruin her trip  Lovebirds! Peter Facinelli and girlfriend Lily Anne Harrison pack on the PDA as they take a stroll in Los Angeles  Seems like things are still quite steamy Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips at a Hollywood hotspot Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man She did her best to keep a low profile Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world She is turning heads She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honoring Tom Petty She can't help but command the spotlight 'We are extremely happy': George Clooney's mom, Nina, gushes over what a 'great' dad her son will make as he and wife Amal expect twins She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA She looked gorgeous as ever New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly fashion week Braving the cold weather Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Seems to have forgotten an item of clothing Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Making a name for herself EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and wanting to meet Trump Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Johnny Depp's ex 'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics She's regularly seen with a fully made up face 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded The America's Got Talent host spoke out 'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line She's proud of her figure 'I could die': Mama June Shannon vows there is a 'skinnier person inside' her as she undergoes surgery in new From Not to Hot trailer Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Sweat session with Kourtney and Khloe Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands Spotted out and about in Los Angeles Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Canine companions 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  Scary dad Big city pretty! Snooki, JWOWW and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar They were seen getting their glam on Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3am' at West Hollywood bar Out with a friend Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble 36th birthday 'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón Loved-up That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party in LA with former Miss USA Rima Fakih...who's the spitting image of his girlfriend Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Ivanka, Jared and their three children take their first flight on Air Force One to Mar-a-Lago as she carries purse and wears shoes from her own embattled label Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Found someone new? Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes' puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Racy outfit The Crown creator is 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the hit drama Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Very similar color palettes Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    Expecting their first child Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man before revealing she has split from husband Doug Hutchison, 56 Blonde reality star is 22 Duggars welcomes 'son' Tyler to the family while celebrating his birthday three months after Jim Bob and Michelle were declared his legal guardians Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Amber Rose and Val Chmerkovskiy 'split' almost five months after falling in love on Dancing With The Stars  Reportedly 'just too different' New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week New hair 'It's truly a miracle': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly on casual outing in Beverly Hills Her dress emphasized her baby bump The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals that he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat following their ugly split Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Classy look Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Used to spend hours reading comments about her appearance  How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk shows bump in sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Bradley Cooper girlfriend Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Backlash over show Trans teen Jazz Jennings is set to get her own DOLL as toy company announces the debut of 'genderless' toy made in the 16 year old's likeness Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' before calling  Call has been leaked Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his baby son River Rocket Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week The 30-year-old Aussie  'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals  top director pressured her to do nude scene - after insisting she needed a nose job It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Family trip! Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her mother and her children Jackson and August South African actress adopted both kids Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  While Kate Spade unveils a Parisian-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up pieces for the modern gal Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show Taking in New York Fashion Week Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Putting their money where their mouth is: Celebs go on shopping sprees at Nordstrom after Trump bashed retailer for dropping Ivanka's clothing line Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Plays a brutal assassin  Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga following her Super Bowl show Color in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  Features 31 outfits Kate and Wills planning a third baby? Harry and Meghan's engagement? Charles facing new embarrassment over Diana? What's going on behind the new hedge  How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Sarah Ferguson is going by her middle name Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in white dress as she cozies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Hang on Sloopy rocker is charged with taking a loaded gun in his carry-on bag on a Delta flight to Atlanta Rick Derringer was flying from Cancun, Mexico Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot Two friends and daughters of A-listers  Movie theater says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Arousing passions Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Adorable photo  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress in Berlin... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars The Girls star, 28. Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the brand at just 12 The Stranger Things star Ivanka's new life in DC: Visits to her kids' new schools, Flywheel classes, meetings with Mark Zuckerberg's wife and weekly date nights with husband Jared 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Chatting on Ellen show   Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name EXCLUSIVE: Anna Nicole's bodyguard 'Big Moe' tells how he frantically tried to revive her and admits he and star's inner circle were 'enablers'  Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at New York Fashion Week Not wanted! NeNe Leakes jets out of New York amid claims RHOA co-stars are angry she's returning with Kim Zolciak Tensions are rising 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Things didn't go to plan 'It's been a double whammy': Whoopi Goldberg says she didn't realize how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths  Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed coat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere EXCLUSIVE Drake spends a whopping $750 on chicken takeouts in a late night visit to Leeds branch of Nando's fast food restaurant in England 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge The hunky Irish actor Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  Beyonce's sister, 30 How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill Showing off some cleavage while playing Gloria  Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' The actor's He Will Not Divide Us exhibit  Managers threatening to sue Blac Chyna for $3m target producers of her reality show with Rob Kardashian They've sent cease and desist letters Rosie O'Donnell transforms into Trump's adviser Steve Bannon on her Twitter profile after volunteering for SNL role Stunning likeness Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked pants and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in an oversized shearling coat after flashing sexy underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere in London Can YOU identify these stars from their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Taylor Swift has perfect pair Getting a gift for the grandkids? Amal Clooney's mom Baria is pictured going into a children's bookstore as it's revealed A-listers are expecting twins PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's London apartment  Making an entrance! Fans go wild as The Bold and The Beautiful stars led by Jacqueline MacInnes Wood and Don Diamont make trip Down Under  Chelsea Handler mocks Trump and Ivanka by posing outside the White House clutching Nordstrom bags The talk show queen Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Flashed plenty of skin  When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini dress and matching pajama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty look uncomfortable as they dodge TV show question about Meghan Markle and Prince Harry  NY Giants star Odell Beckham Jr is robbed of shoes, cash and jewelry after 'leaving a bag at a friend's house in Houston' during the Super Bowl 'Well today was a bit warm!' Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts her bikini body at the beach in scorching hot Sydney  The 25-year-old lawyer turned Instagram model  LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorizes with a quirky clutch 'Sadder than any break-up': Lena Dunham talks about final season of her hit show Girls in candid chat on Inside The Actors Studio An emotional time Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Turning heads 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Very exciting news Peekaboo! Emily Ratajkowski flashes side boob while Hailey Baldwin shows off her pert derriere at New York Fashion Week The stunning models  Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cozy up to each other on the red carpet for The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Good genes! Kelsey and Camille Grammer's daughter Mason, 15, struts her stuff on catwalk for NYFW It looks like talent runs in the family She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in support to brand ambassador husband David following email hacking scandal Delighted Matt Damon reveals he was close to tears after George Clooney told him Amal's twin pregnancy secret when she was just 8 weeks along 'I'm in love!': Kourtney Kardashian bonds with niece Dream... and Penelope gets a squeeze in too Enamored with her brother Rob's daughter Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three The hit PBS show Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking Little Mix singer Jade Thirlwall shows off enviably slender figure in racy tour costume... hours after bandmate Jesy Nelson flaunted her abs in saucy underwear  Katie Holmes shimmies up a storm in her fringed Marchesa frock at red-themed NYFW event Whipped her fringed frock into a frenzy Sister summit! TV siblings Jessica Biel, Beverley Mitchell, and Mackenzie Rosman meet up for 7th Heaven reunion It's been ten years  Brit bombshells! Suki Waterhouse goes braless in perilously plunging jumpsuit while Lottie Moss parades her toned legs in sexy mini dress for fashion event 'I have a right to make that judgment': The Bachelor's Nick Viall defends decision to keep free-spirit Corinne on the show Fiery words Bite me! Ariana Grande's brother Frankie chomps on chain as he storms down the runway in head-to-toe glitter during New York Fashion Week  Red hot! Iskra Lawrence displays her sensational curves in figure-hugging scarlet frock as she arrives at star-studded charity catwalk during NYFW Larry Birkhead says daughter Dannielynn is 'fearless' just like her mother Anna Nicole Smith as he opens up about the model on 10th anniversary of her death Kourtney Kardashian meets up with ex Scott Disick after reality star parties poolside with ladies in Miami Spotted at an office in West Hollywood 'I was very much the same': Khloe Kardashian empathizes with 'ride or die' Tiffany Morgan on Revenge Body Reality star's new show     DON'T MISS Legs eleven! Stella Maxwell showcases slim pins in strapless blue mini as she hits runway for La Perla NYFW show Accentuated her features Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  Gal pals! Jenna Dewan Tatum smiles broadly as she spends quality time with daughter Everly The 36-year-old Step Up actress wore a star print mini dress  Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal The 17-year-old student and photographer  'There is certainly a lot more pressure on the girls to be thinner now': Cindy Crawford confesses to loving carbs and needing chocolate 'everyday'  'She's a mom with an insanely busy career': Jennifer Lopez and Drake's hot and heavy romance 'fizzled out' due to hectic schedules Amazingly ab-tatsic! Halle Berry's ex Gabriel Aubry puts on a muscle-bound show as he goes for a run  He got pulses racing with some cardio Good genes! Ashlee Simpson and husband Evan Ross coordinate in denim while running errands with daughter Jagger in LA Paris Jackson bonds with mother Debbie Rowe as she recuperates after finishing chemotherapy Posted a picture of the pair together Runway reveal! Paris Hilton flashes underboob on the Christian Cowan catwalk at NYFW Showcased her perky God-given assets Happy name change day! Khloe Kardashian celebrates no longer being an Odom with a drivers licence cake Dropped her ex husband Lamar Odom's moniker In the navy! Naomi Campbell looks fantastic in a blue nightie-inspired number on catwalk of La Perla NYFW event Beyonce has best seat at this Sunday's Grammy Awards... as Kanye and Bieber skip the 'irrelevant' ceremony Pregnant pop diva 'We're taking it slow': JoJo Fletcher dishes on life off-screen with Jordan Rodgers and shares Galentine's Day party tips with Access Hollywood Live Famously Single...again! Malika Haqq and Ronnie Magro have split after briefly hooking up on the reality show Met on Famously Single Ready FUR the runway! Keri Russell dons distinctive wintry hat and knit jacket for Rag and Bone NYFW party with partner Matthew Rhys So in love! John Legend holds Chrissy Teigen's hand as they take their little daughter Luna out for lunch The couple looked every inch the proud parents That must have been one long massage! Cameron Diaz leaves parlor with marks on her face from head rest after pampering session Mellow Thursday 'Finishing touches to my heart:' Christina Aguilera gives update on her new album with a breathtaking photo Shared a picture of herself sat at her piano Not so Shameless! Emmy Rossum cuts an elegant figure in a patterned silver midi at About Elly screening in New York Hit the red carpet 'I peed on a stick and I'm going to be a mom!' Hills' star Whitney Port reveals she is pregnant with her first child The star announced her big baby news Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumors they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis School's out for winter! Naomi Watts and her lookalike son Alexander, 9, spend a day in the snow as Winter Storm Niko closes schools down To dye for! Ashley Tisdale debuts new dark 'do and shows off her legs in thigh high boots during outing with niece Making her mark with good hair EXCLUSIVE: Chelsea Clinton's husband enjoys an afternoon at a bar with a friend after it's revealed his hedge fund closed last year  Marc Mezvinsky What a stylish squad! Olivia Culpo, Alexa Chung and Leigh Lezark coordinate in neutral tones for Noon By Noor's Fall 2017 fashion show Fashionable beauties A twist on the classic LBD! Courteney Cox shows off her sculpted legs in belted dress for a trip to the salon  Wore a button-up black dress with ballet flats 'Are you being watched?': Emma Watson and Tom Hanks deal with the dark side of technology in new trailer for The Circle It runs in the family! Miley's little sister Noah Cyrus rocks stylish black maxi dress at Billboard Power 100 celebration in LA A night to remember Model look! The Bold and the Beautiful's Jacqueline MacInnes Wood channels Gigi Hadid in midriff-baring sweater and drop crotch pants Scandalous! Kerry Washington slips into a sexy leather zip-up dress for Jimmy Kimmel Live Welcomed her second child four months ago Kim Kardashian shares adorable throwback snap of her soccer team... which was coached by her late father Robert Points out herself Mariah Carey 'struggling to sell tickets for upcoming tour' following her disastrous New Year's gig Upcoming tour might be shaping up to be a flop 'He's tense, he's angry, he's p*ssed off': Alec Baldwin tells wife Hilaria that playing President Donald Trump is 'not fun' Making SNL a hit again Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration 'She did a great f***ing job': Selena Quintanilla's widower Chris Perez gushes over Jennifer Lopez's portrayal as he watches Selena film for first time Michael Jackson's cousin Trent claims restraining order filed by aunt Katherine is a result of family money grab Hitting back Joan Smalls stuns in lacy black romper as she rocks runway at La Perla NYFW show She looked absolutely stunning as she strutted down the catwalk 'Stay humble': Sailor Brinkley Cook posts flashback to her childhood after revealing she struggled with body image growing up  She had 'baby fat' Her boogie shoes! Elle King is ready to jive in sparkling platform heels at star studded Grammy celebration in LA The remarkably talented 27-year-old songstress Olivia Palermo takes on New York's snow in a fur coat for fashion duty at Banana Republic The reality star was seen on the streets of New York in a black fur coat Shining star: Jennifer Lopez lights up the stage while paying tribute to her kids during Las Vegas residency concert Instagram video Beaming beauty! Amy Adams shows off toned legs in skintight jeans with a floral top and taupe blazer during shopping trip in LA Bare-faced  DJ Khaled faces lawsuit for allegedly stealing beats for 2016 hit single I Got The Keys featuring Jay Z and Future Rapper has been sued New mom Janet Jackson covers up her post-baby figure with a lavish fur cloak as she steps out in London carrying a $60,000 Hermes bag She's all paid up! Teresa Giudice has completely restored the $414,588 tax debt that was part of her sentence Fraud charges Let's get spiritual! Kourtney Kardashian reunites with former fling Justin Bieber at church after Scott's romps with models She's 37, he's 22 Love Game! Lady Gaga is dating CAA talent agent Christian Carino Mystery man's identity revealed days after they were spotted cozying up Looking a bit of all white! Supermodel Cindy Crawford, 50, shows off her age-defying beauty and svelte frame in a sexy cut-out frock at Sydney event It's official! George Clooney, 55, and wife Amal, 39, are expecting TWINS in June  The human rights lawyer has been showing off a baby bump Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Go find another cause to exploit': Joshua Sasse SLAMMED for his opportunistic 'support' of gay marriage during engagement to Kylie Minogue Madonna arrives home with her newly adopted twins from Malawi who are welcomed to NYC with their first blizzard  The pop star, 58, adopted  four-year-olds  Nina Dobrev puts on a thigh-skimming display in a green patterned minidress as she attends xXx: Return of Xander Cage press event in Beijing   Are you feeling all-white, Rita? Ora trades her VERY busty premiere dress for conservative polo neck as she changes for Fifty Shades afterparty Formula 1 heiress Tamara Ecclestone launches impassioned rant about 'sexualizing breastfeeding' as she continues to nurse Sophia at almost 3  Suddenly shy! Lady Gaga covers her face while leaving the Kardashian's favorite skin care and cosmetic surgery salon Under the radar Lady Gaga sensually drapes herself over car as she rocks thigh-high PVC boots and hot pants in new John Wayne music video Released full version  The Late Late Show's James Corden rolls out Grammys red carpet days ahead of hosting annual music awards Said he was 'honored to be hosting' the show 'I want to be the love interest, I want to put on heels!' OITNB's Danielle Brooks calls for the TV industry to change its stereotypical portrayal of women Debonair Colin Firth shows off his specs appeal as he cuddles up to wife Livia at BAFTA 2017 gala dinner They are still the picture of happiness Pregnant Amanda Seyfried takes her dog out for a walk and pampers herself at the hair salon She was dressed down in a pair of fitted sweats Hillary Clinton was 'replaced on Vogue cover by Gigi Hadid and Kendall Jenner after election loss' as fashion bible reveals it plans to cover First Lady Under Armour under fire: Celebrity endorsers Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson and Misty Copeland back Steph Curry in disavowing CEO's pro-Trump stance Like mother, like daughter: Actress Ruby Rose bears a striking resemblance to mother in tender Instagram snap Close bond 'I'm flattered': Todd Chrisley welcomes gay rumors while joking he will 'never have a drought' The reality star has been married for 20 years   As Erin Fetherston brings romanticism and ethereality to New York Fashion Week, Tadashi Shoji urges you to leave your inhibitions behind NYFW has begun 'Blame it on the other person!' Mariah Carey dishes break-up advice following split from James Packer The diva spoke about how to get over them Rachel McCord sizzles in teeny tiny bikini for beach photo shoot inspired by those racy Carl's Jr. commercials The 26-year-old actress was seen in Venice, CA 'From its dominant top to its submissive bottom, it's utterly ridiculous': Audience LAUGHS at 'Fifty Shades Darker' screening with critics panning the flick 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel At times downright limp, writes Brian Viner Bristol Palin's husband Dakota Meyer shares photo of himself sporting a 'Hillary For Prison' cap, after she posts a sweet snap of their baby Sailor Grace Reese Witherspoon shares photo of herself posing with lookalike 17-year-old daughter Ava - and leaves the internet baffled about who is who He's Prince Popular! Charles is mobbed by celebrity admirers as he hosts a gala reception for his trust in London Prince Charles was the life and soul of the party 'They don't like hearing that back home': Ruby Rose hints at tall poppy syndrome in Australia saying she'll 'get in trouble' for calling herself 'famous' Kylie Minogue shows Joshua Sasse what he's missing as she reclines on a bed in a tiny satin nightie in her first photoshoot since split from ex-fiancé Jubilant Rocco Ritchie steps out with girlfriend Kim Turnbull... as he celebrates becoming a big brother again after mum Madonna's adoption The look of love! Anwar Hadid plants a kiss on new girlfriend Nicola Peltz...as he supports sisters Gigi and Bella at Tommy Hilfiger show New couple 'Never say never': Actress Miranda Otto teases Kiefer Sutherland's return as Jack Bauer in new 24 spinoff series Fans could be in for treat 'It's a bizarre situation': Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian still living separately despite engagement and have not discussed wedding details Sports Illustrated's Hailey Clauson teases a glimpse of her ample bust as she models VERY raunchy swimsuit Used just her hands to protect her modest SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Sting's son's support act for sleepy dad: Bassist grabs some shut eye by using his shoulder as a head rest  'I was completely freaking out': Kelly Clarkson reveals she had a CANCER scare on the day of her first Grammy Awards win Opening up for first time  Selena Gomez continues her chic fashion streak in long white coat and black boots in snowy New York Has new Netflix show 'It feels like a racial issue': Jason Derulo slams American Airlines after being 'disrespected' by captain and met with 15 cops after disembarking 'I've always been a believer honest, frank conversations': Brooke Shields lands her own radio show on SiriusXM Something different for the 51-year-old actress  Viva Forever! Busy Philipps shares throwback snap of herself embracing Spice Girl glamour in 1998 The 37-year-old chanelling girl group Christie Brinkley's ex, 58, pictured cuddling up to a 21-year-old college student who he pursued through Instagram and she's just three years older than his daughter Today's headlines Most Read 'I love all my moms': Hundreds of polygamists led by the family from 'Sister Wives' descend on steps of Utah... Black high school basketball players are harassed by 60 students dressed up for 'Hick Night' chanting 'Build... World's eighth biggest spammer, who is responsible for sending more than a million spam emails, faces... 'He's gone. He's blue': Leaked recording of Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that George Michael's... The Supper Bowl! The Trumps, the Japanese prime minister and his wife are joined by New England Patriots... Hundreds of illegal immigrants arrested across six states this week in what officials say are 'routine'... Trump says a 'brand new' immigration order could come as soon as MONDAY – as the White House looks to avoid... From Russia with love: Putin 'considering returning Edward Snowden' to the US as a 'gift' to Trump Michael Flynn's top aide is fired from National Security Council as tensions escalate over his discussions... Protesters block newly-installed education secretary Betsy DeVos from entering the first school she tries to... That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall'... Trump laughed and nodded along during the Japanese PM's speech during Friday's press conference because 'he... Trump pulls in Japanese prime minister for a handhold as Shinzo Abe arrives at White House for bilateral... Getting away from it all! Ivanka carries a purse and wears shoes from her own under fire label as she, Jared... Gym owner goes after Ivanka Trump on Facebook after finding out the first daughter used an alias to sign up... Trump stuns lawmakers by claiming he and former Senator Ayotte would have both won New Hampshire if not for... Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food... Parts of Trump 'dirty dossier' HAVE been verified by investigators - but NOT the most salacious details... How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and... Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley... Jared Kushner's younger brother Joshua 'has a preliminary agreement to buy the Miami Marlins baseball team... Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' Ole Miss student, 21, HEADBUTTS a cop, breaking his nose, as he is taken into a cell for 'robbing a store... Little Caesars creator and Detroit Red Wings and Tigers owner dies aged 87 after amassing a fortune worth... Babysitter, 28, who took two kids to rob a Colorado bank because she needed money to pay fines for another... 'He put a chain around my neck': Woman held captive for two months in a metal shipping crate breaks her... The 'selfie paradox': Study finds people hate looking at them on other people's feeds - but still post their... Upping your intake of fruit and vegetables can improve your mood within just TWO weeks, study finds Bounty hunters chasing immigrants on horses, a 110-mile razor fence and bans on new mosques: ANDREW MALONE... MORE HEADLINES Screaming in pain in front of a cheering crowd before collapsing in agony, a woman is lashed with a cane in rare footage of Indonesia's brutal Sharia law punishment Trump says a 'brand new' immigration order could come as soon as MONDAY – as the White House looks to avoid a Supreme Court fight and craft a new plan The Supper Bowl! The Trumps, the Japanese prime minister and his wife are joined by New England Patriots owner for dinner at Mar-a-Lago after the First Family fly to Florida on Air Force One ISIS guard reveals he quit the group after witnessing a 15-year-old sex slave raped so horrifically that she bled to death Gym owner goes after Ivanka Trump on Facebook after finding out the first daughter used an alias to sign up for a class Protesters block newly-installed education secretary Betsy DeVos from entering the first school she tries to visit, forcing her to sneak in via a side entrance  EXCLUSIVE: 'I am haunted by the moment I saw her slipping away.' Anna Nicole Smith's bodyguard 'Big Moe' tells how he frantically tried to revive her and admits he and star's inner circle were 'enablers'  'He put a chain around my neck': Woman held captive for two months in a metal shipping crate breaks her silence about being raped and tortured by a suspected serial killer White Louisiana judge is banned from a local restaurant after he 'called a black customer the N-word' College freshman, 18, is found dead in her dorm room after a night of binge-drinking vodka and 'pre-gaming' with champagne Cash Me Ousside girl's father speaks: Florida Sheriff's deputy who had stormy relationship with teen's mother says he is 'appalled' by the videos as she reappears on Dr Phil 'It's truly a miracle': Britney Spears and family rejoice as Jamie Lynn's daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Why you should never annoy an elephant! Tourist who tried to wash beast’s trunk is sent flying through the air in display of incredible power (and rage) Snakes alive! Terrifying moment a wild Cobra HEADBUTTS a window to get at kittens cowering inside No point in shoveling out! ANOTHER storm is set to hit the Northeast just three days after storm dropped up to two feet of snow on the region  EXCLUSIVE: Child sex abuse victim who sued Netflix for 're-traumatizing' her by releasing a documentary on human trafficking using her real name and personal photos has dropped the suit in what her lawyer calls a 'strategic decision' From Russia with love: Putin 'considering returning Edward Snowden' to the US as a 'gift' to Trump Every day's a school day for these kids! Family of five move into a disused SCHOOL BUS which they bought for $3,000 and converted into their home  'Ever since her death, she sends me butterflies': Anna Nicole Smith's daughter Dannielynn reveals how the mother she never knew stays close to her heart on 10th anniversary of her death Kate and Wills planning a third baby? Harry and Meghan's engagement? Charles facing new embarrassment over Diana? What's really going on behind the royals' new £20,000 hedge  Ole Miss student, 21, HEADBUTTS a cop, breaking his nose, as he is taken into a cell for 'robbing a store clerk while high on new drug gravel'  Two Afghans are arrested after 'trapping two girls in a swimming pool water-chute so they could sexually abuse them' in latest alleged migrant sex attack Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Woman, 80, was stopped by the TSA because her cane concealed a SWORD - and she had no idea How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) 'He's gone. He's blue': Leaked recording of Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that George Michael's lover had 'been trying to wake the singer for an HOUR' before finally calling an ambulance  Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 percent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Never run for the bus again with Google Maps' real-time commute update Lulu Chang Digital TrendsFebruary 6, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share google maps real time commute update appMore Twindesign/123RF It’s not enough to know where you’re going — you want to know how to get there in the most efficient manner possible. Luckily, Google understands this, and has just released an update to Google Maps on Android that promises “helpful everyday info — in real time — at the bottom of your home screen.” Starting today, if you swipe up, you’ll be greeted with three distinct tabs — places, driving, and transit — that will guide you to a conveniently located restaurant, help you beat traffic, or get on the next bus downtown. If you tap on the Places tab within Google Maps, you’ll find a curated list of restaurants and bars that will be conveniently labeled with categories like “best dinners,” “cheap eats,” or “business dining.” If you’re looking for something else, like a grocery store, a gas station, or a bank, just tap on one of the other options Google has already pre-populated. You can look at images of your surrounding area, or alternatively, read a quick description of the neighborhood to understand what you’re dealing with. More: Google Maps now shows parking availability in ’25 metro areas’ In the driving tab, as long as you have your home and work addresses saved, you can check out real-time transit times to and from those locations. That way, you’re never wondering if you ought to give yourself an extra 20 minutes in the morning, or leave a little later at night to avoid rush hour. Just get your nearby traffic conditions report and expected delays straight from Google Maps. And finally, Google’s transit tab promises that “you’ll never have to sprint to the bus again.” From your saved addresses, you’ll be able to garner recommendations for which public transit system to take, when the next bus or train is arriving, and an ETA you can share with friends and family. “When you’re on the go, there’s no time for apps that can’t keep up,” Google concluded. “Whether you need to get to work or you’re just looking for a quick bite around you, Google Maps gives you personalized information about your world so you can make decisions and get around with confidence.” Everything you need to know about Google Assistant These 15 tips will help you navigate like a pro with Apple Maps Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Hundreds of immigrants arrested in 'routine' U.S. enforcement surge 8166 messages7%71%22% Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored Behind the Scenes with 'Newsies' Cast Filming Show Live 1 messages Teen receives extremely blunt job rejection, fights back on Twitter 3121 messages4%74%22% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 1277 messages5%58%37% This $0.39 Marijuana Research Stock Set to Rise Agora FinancialSponsored Shaq Dunks Cookies with His Mind, Talks Mental Toughness ‘Cash Me Ousside’ Girl Tells Dr. Phil That She Made Him Famous 209 messages3%71%26% Maryland Mom Pleads Guilty in Beating Death of 9-Year-Old Son For Eating Piece of Birthday Cake 2525 messages5%56%39% Introducing the All-New Toyota® C-HR ToyotaSponsored Nordstrom Respond to President Trump's Angry Tweet 1287 messages4%70%26% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 1073 messages9%23%68% Larry Birkhead on Relationship with Anna Nicole Smith, Raising Their Daughter 1 messages Top 8 Credit Cards For Those With Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored We're up to six Patriots players who have publicly said they won't visit the White House 8011 messages5%65%30% Exclusive: Syria’s president said he would ‘welcome’ American troops into his country to fight ISIS 596 messages5%71%24% Protests Erupt in Los Angeles Following Reports of Immigration Raids D J: if you are here illlegally, YOU ARE A CRIMINAL. PERIOD. You have broken the law. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.9k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Google and Facebook launch CrossCheck in France to combat hoaxes Eric Abent - Feb 6, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Regardless of the political lens you’re looking through, it’s clear that we have a problem with fake news. Google News Lab and Facebook want to do something about it, launching a new service called CrossCheck, but for the moment, CrossCheck won’t be implemented in the US. Instead, it’ll get its debut in France, where it will help voters tell fantasy from reality in the lead up to the French elections. While Google News Lab and Facebook’s CrowdTangle technology are both partners in CrossCheck, they’re merely part of a larger coalition. One of the biggest partners is First Draft, which Google partnered with during the Electionland project here in the United States. What is the overall goal of CrossCheck? It looks to debunk rumors and false claims during a time when they’re most prevalent – as French citizens make decisions about who to vote into office. Technology coming from Facebook and Google is only one part of the equation, as CrossCheck will also feature a number of French newsrooms working to verify a variety of content shared online, whether they’re videos, memes, photos, or news articles. Even at this early stage, CrossCheck has already attracted a healthy amount of French news organizations. Partner newsrooms include France Télévisions, BuzzFeed News, La Voix du Nord, Global Voices, and Libération. The full list is a lot longer, and that’s just a sample of which organizations have signed on to be CrossCheck partners. It’s a noble idea, to be sure, and Google suggests that this is just the beginning of CrossCheck. Perhaps once the French election is over we’ll see CrossCheck roll out to more regions around the world? Time will tell, but for now, hit up the source link below to read more about CrossCheck. SOURCE: Google Tags facebookgoogleInternetmedia Must Read Bits & Bytes Ford steers $1bn into Argo AI self-driving car brain startup Call of Duty 2017: 4 things you need to know A $1,000 iPhone 8 “Anniversary Edition” makes perfect sense Tesla Model 3 test production tipped to kick off this month How Fire Emblem Heroes inspired one guy to spend $900 on week 1 Latest Headlines Magic Leap prototype leaks with ‘PEQ0’ codename Feb 10, 2017 Sony EXTRA BASS Wireless Speakers hit shelves next month Feb 10, 2017 Samsung and Six Flags team again, this time for a gaming VR rollercoaster Feb 10, 2017 Stunning blue lightning filmed from the International Space Station Feb 10, 2017 Grand Theft Auto 4 now backwards compatible on Xbox One Feb 10, 2017 Latest Reviews 2017 Dodge Durango R/T Review: No SRT required for this V8-powered SUV Feb 9, 2017 Huawei Mate 9 Review [International Edition] Feb 7, 2017 2017 Infiniti Q50 3.0t Sport AWD Review Feb 2, 2017 Linea app Review: Iconfactory blesses the iPad Pro Feb 1, 2017 Lenovo YOGA 710 15″ Convertible Windows 10 Laptop Review Jan 30, 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Startup BattlefieldWe're Accepting Applications for Startup Battlefield At Disrupt NY Apply Today Apps Crunch Report: Prince returns to Spotify Messaging app Wire now has an external audit of its e2e crypto Uncorking innovation with Treasury Wine Estates in Napa Browse more... Google Samsung’s Chromebook Pro highlights the category’s continued evolution Android Wear 2.0 is an evolutionary update to Google’s smartwatch OS LG’s Watch Style and Sport are the first two Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches Browse more... Google Maps Google wins ‘right to be forgotten’ battle in Japan A Google Maps error has turned Bangkok into a gigantic park Google Maps will now tell you how bad the parking is at your destination Browse more... Mobile Peanut is a Tinder-like app for making new mom friends Encrypted chat app Signal tests “next generation” voice and video calling Google & H&M’s Ivyrevel will make you a dress customized using your personal data Browse more... android apps Google & H&M’s Ivyrevel will make you a dress customized using your personal data WhatsApp tests real-time location sharing in its app LEGO Life is a new social network where kids can share their creations Browse more... Google Maps redesign puts traffic, transit, places and more at the bottom of the screen Posted Feb 6, 2017 by Sarah Perez (@sarahintampa) 0 SHARES Next Story Watch how Portal would work in the real world thanks to Microsoft HoloLens Google Maps is getting an upgrade today aimed at putting the information you need most often within easier reach in the app’s interface. With a swipe up from the home screen, you’ll now be able to view things like the current traffic conditions – and how that impacts your ETAs to home and work – as well as transit schedules, places to eat or drink, nearby ATMs, pharmacies, and more. The goal, explains Google via a blog post announcing the news, is to provide “helpful everyday info” in real-time, based on your current location. After swiping up on the home screen, you’ll see three new tabs for places, traffic, and transit, indicated by small icons. On the first tab, Google will present its own curated selection of restaurants and bars, organized under various categories like “best dinners,” “cheap eats,” “business dining” and other categories. Google has been developing these lists of restaurants recommendations for over a year, originally launching its restaurant suggestions in major metros like New York, San Francisco, and London back in fall 2015. They then appeared in a special “Explore” section within Google Maps. These recommendations later expanded to all markets, and now the feature has been relocated to be more easily accessible right from the Google Maps home screen. In addition to places to eat, this section will direct you to a selection of common daily destinations like ATM, drug stores, grocery stores, gas stations, and other shops. You’ll also be able to view the businesses’ images and read a short description of the neighborhood in question, says Google. The second tab will provide you real-time ETAs to home and work, if you have those addresses saved within Google Maps, and will offer a nearby traffic conditions report. There’s also a handy feature for those who just want to be kept current on the traffic, but don’t need turn-by-turn directions for the daily commute. To use this option, you can just tap “Start Driving” to go into driving mode, and Google Maps will alert you to expected delays ahead. For transit commuters, the final tab will show which bus or train to take, when the next one is arriving, and an ETA for when you arrive at home or work. If you’re going somewhere else, you can swipe down for nearby transit stations and real-time schedules. Most of the features offered in the new version of Google Maps have already existed, but this instead simplifies the app’s navigation and layout to make it quicker to tap into the various options. Google says the updated Google Maps is rolling out to Android, starting today, and didn’t comment on iOS availability. Typically, however, Android features make their way to iOS after a few weeks or months, given the company’s desire for parity between the two applications. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Google Founded 1998 Overview Google is a multinational corporation that is specialized in internet-related services and products. The company’s product portfolio includes Google Search, which provides users with access to information online; Knowledge Graph that allows users to search for things, people, or places as well as builds systems recognizing speech and understanding natural language; Google Now, which provides information … Location Mountain View, CA Categories Search Engine, Blogging Platforms, Ad Network, Collaboration, Email, Video Streaming, Software, Enterprise Software Website http://www.google.com/ Full profile for Google Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Prince Returns To Spotify | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Mobile android apps Google Maps Google Apps Popular Posts Featured Stories Prince Returns To Spotify | Crunch Report VIDEO | 2:38 | Crunch Report Carl Bass on his surprising Autodesk exit — and what’s next 13 hours ago | Connie Loizos Uncorking innovation with Treasury Wine Estates in Napa 14 hours ago | Lora Kolodny Beats X bring Apple’s wireless headphone tech to a tethered form factor 15 hours ago | Brian Heater Facebook says it will open up for independent ad audit 18 hours ago | Anthony Ha Latest From Mobile Crunch Report: Prince returns to Spotify 9 hours ago | Anthony Ha Peanut is a Tinder-like app for making new mom friends yesterday | Sarah Perez Apple’s next iPhone might cost more than $1000 thanks to OLED displays yesterday | Jordan Crook Twitter says product changes are main growth driver, not just the President’s usage yesterday | Matthew Lynley Comment moderation powered by Up Next Watch how Portal would work in the real world thanks to Microsoft HoloLens Posted Feb 6, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Data Migration Consultant at Exerp (West Palm Beach, FL, United States) Integration Consultant at Exerp (West Palm Beach, FL, United States) SENIOR ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE at Waxman Strategies (Washington, DC, United States) Senior Backend Engineer @ MeetMe at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Senior Data Engineer @ MeetMe at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Crunch Report: Prince returns to Spotify 9 hours ago by Anthony Ha Weekly Roundup: Tech companies rally against Trump’s immigration ban, Zenefits cuts workforce again 10 hours ago by Anna Escher Trump’s immigration ban is terrible for entrepreneurs 10 hours ago by Samia Bahsoun Payback’s a gift 11 hours ago by Talia Goldberg, Jeremy Levine Sen. Wyden presses for more answers as FBI responds to questions about its new FOIA system 11 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Messaging app Wire now has an external audit of its e2e crypto 12 hours ago by Natasha Lomas Cambridge is giving cancer the 3D VR treatment 13 hours ago by Devin Coldewey Carl Bass on his surprising Autodesk exit — and what’s next 13 hours ago by Connie Loizos Amazon’s Rekognition learns to guess your age 13 hours ago by John Mannes Uncorking innovation with Treasury Wine Estates in Napa 14 hours ago by Lora Kolodny
France 24 - International news 24/7 International News 24/7 Top stories Filter the page : News Wires 24h Videos Videos Shows France Africa Middle east Europe Americas Asia / pacific Sports Business / tech Culture Documentaries In depth Infographics The observers   Don't miss Replay LATEST SHOWS EYE ON AFRICA South Sudan :1.5 million people have fled to neighbouring countries Read more MEDIAWATCH #Schulzexpress: A whole lot of love for Martin Schulz Read more THE WORLD THIS WEEK Trump vs. the Courts, French Payroll Scandals (part 1) Read more THE WORLD THIS WEEK Martin Schulz, Police Brutality in France, Cameroon's Language Divide (part 2) Read more FRANCE IN FOCUS Outsourcing industry: Should it be 'France first'? Read more #TECH 24 The true price of smartphones Read more PEOPLE & PROFIT De-regulating Wall Street: The beginning of the end for Dodd-Frank reforms Read more FOCUS Meeting Syrian refugees left in limbo by Trump's travel ban Read more YOU ARE HERE Behind the scenes at France's Sèvres ceramics workshop Read more All shows COMMENT(S) TV guide  comments TV Guide Facebook Google French Presidential Elections 2017 France Facebook, Google partner with French media to combat ‘fake news’ Tweet print © Facebook Text by FRANCE 24 Follow france24_en on twitter Latest update : 2017-02-06 American internet giants Google and Facebook announced Monday that they would be partnering with French media to offer tools that combat “fake news” online, ahead of French presidential elections in April. Facebook and Google plan to work with eight French media brands in order to fact check and flag hoaxes, conspiracy theories or propaganda — often called “fake news” — mirroring similar efforts already under way in the United States and Germany. The partnership will begin on February 27, and will involve Le Monde, Agence France Presse, France 24’s The Observers, BFM-TV, L'Express, France Télévisions, Libération and 20 Minutes. Facebook will offer users the option to flag a piece of content they see on the site as questionable. If two of Facebook’s media partners confirm that the content is incorrect, it will carry a “disputed” label from then on. Facebook's fake news flagging system. © Facebook French daily Le Monde said Monday the collaboration was "an experiment." At the same time, Google will be partnering with the nonprofit First Draft News to launch CrossCheck, a verification project aimed at helping French voters "make sense of what and who to trust online." Google News Lab, the company’s media division, will head the partnership. Election fears With the first round of the French presidential election set for April 23, Google and Facebook are expected to come under increasing scrutiny over the spread of fake news. Facebook in particular was accused of allowing the publication of bogus and damaging articles that helped Donald Trump win the US presidential election. >> Read more on FRANCE 24.com: "The British Putin supporter who spread Trump propaganda online" The company began experimenting with a fake news tagging system on its American site following the 2016 US elections. (FRANCE 24 with AP, REUTERS)   Date created : 2017-02-06 Tweet print USA ‘War with media’: Trump press team defend ‘alternative facts’ Read more USA CNN hits back at Trump's ‘fake news’ allegations Read more FRANCE Charlie Hebdo has gone soft on extremists, says parting journalist Read more COMMENT(S) Top stories Trump considers 'brand new order' on travel ban Read more Top IS recruiter Rachid Kassim targeted in US drone strike Read more At least 17 killed in stampede at Angola football stadium Read more A family affair: Nepotism in French politics goes beyond ‘Penelopegate’ Read more Russia halts Assad's army, rebels clash near Syrian town Read more Trump says US committed to Japan’s security Read more Presidential hopeful Macron tells US climate scientists: ‘Come to France’ Read more Sudan temples shed light on ‘secrets of Africa’ Read more French anti-terror arrests thwart ‘imminent attack’ Read more Rose Nathike: S. Sudan athlete’s race for a better life Read more French 'rebel valley' farmer fined for helping migrants Read more 'Iran ready to stand up to US pressure', says adviser to Supreme Leader Read more Live news All the news 10:00 AFP IS executes 5 Egyptians accused of aiding army Read more 09:20 AFP 6 dead after strong quake shakes southern Philippines Read more 09:20 AFP With fake news on rise, Czech unit targets Russia Read more 09:00 AFP Guggenheim celebrates immigrant roots in age of Trump Read more All the news The Observers Read more Featured Sorry the easiest word as Fillon rallies Fren... Read more European neighbours help French tourism rebou... Read more In Brussels, as in Paris, far-right party kee... Read more Paris to erect bulletproof wall around Eiffel... Read more 'Allo 'Allo: When French politicians speak En... Read more Everyone’s talking corruption, but ignoring s... Read more News Top stories France Africa Middle East Americas Europe Asia/Pacific Business/Tech Sports Culture Oped On TV France 24 live Accessibility Shows Documentaries Press review Podcasts Beyond the news The Observers Webdocumentaries In depth Mashable FR Online services Newsletters My Account Mobiles / Tablets Connected TV RSS feeds Join the community France 24 on social media Facebook Twitter Google + Dailymotion Youtube Foursquare Soundcloud Watch us on TV About France 24 Press Press kit Advertising Contact us Site map Terms of use © 2017 Copyright France 24 – All rights reserved France 24 is not responsible for the content of external websites search Term Search Filters France Médias Monde The Observers Mashable FR RFI RFI Music Learn French Monte Carlo Doualiya Académie France Médias Monde Watch us on TV Travel Français English عربي Accessibility My account Sign in Presentation Help My profile Presentation Help Logout Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from...{* loginWidget *} With a traditional account...{* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account{* /signInForm *} Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}{* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In Welcome back! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In{* /signInForm *} Use another account Deactivated Account Your account has been deactivated. Email address Not Verified You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email.{* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in.{* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* phone *} {* addressCity *} {* addressCountry *} By clicking "Create Account", you confirm that you accept our  terms of service  and have read and understand  privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Sign In{* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* phone *} {* addressCity *} {* addressCountry *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", you confirm that you accept our  terms of service  and have read and understand  privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to  {* emailAddressData *}.  Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password.{* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |}{| moreInfoText |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In{* /signInForm *} Resend Email Verification Thank you for verifiying your email address.{* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. Sign in Change password{* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Close We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one.{* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Edit Your Account Profile Photo {* photoManager *} Linked Accounts {* linkedAccounts *} {* #linkAccountContainer *} Link your accounts Allows you to sign in to your account using that provider in the future. {* loginWidget *}{* /linkAccountContainer *} Password Change Password Deactivate Account Deactivate Account Account Info {* #editProfileModalForm *} Account Info{* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* gender *} {* birthdate *} {* displayName *} {* emailAddress *} {* resendLink *} {* phone *} {* addressStreetAddress1 *} {* addressStreetAddress2 *} {* addressCity *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* addressState *} {* addressCountry *} {* publicPrivate *} {* journalistContact *} {* aboutMe *} {* usernameTwPublic *} {* preferedContactLanguages *} {* arabicUsername *} {* persianUsername *} {* skypeId *} {* usernameTw *} {* journalistContact *} {* publicPrivate *} {* profession *} Subscribe to newsletters {* newsMenu *} {* optinalert *} {* optinBestofWeek *} {* optinBestofWEnd *} {* optinBestofObs *} {* newsMenuEn *} {* optinalertEn *} {* optinBestofWeekEn *} {* optinBestofWEndEn *} {* optinBestofObsEn *} {* newsMenuAr *} {* optinalertAr *} {* optinBestofWeekAr *} {* optinBestofWEndAr *} {* optinBestofObsAr *} {* optinQuotidienne *} {* optinBreaking *} {* optinAutopromo *} {* optinPartenaires *} {* optinActuMonde *} {* optinActuAfrique *} {* optinAlert *} {* optinRfiAfriqueFootFr *} {* optinMfi *} {* optinActuMusique *} {* optinOffreRfi *} {* optinOffrePartenaire *} {* savedProfileMessage *}{* /editProfileModalForm *} Change password{* #changePasswordForm *} {* currentPassword *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordForm *} Deactivate your Account Are you sure you want to deactivate your account? You will no longer have access to your profile.{* deactivateAccountForm *} No{* /deactivateAccountForm *}
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us US Court orders Google to comply with overseas email search warrants By Ida Torres - February 6, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Google probably expected that the courts would side with them on their ongoing battle with the FBI, just like they did with Microsoft. Unfortunately for them, the ruling went against them. A U.S judge has ordered the tech giant to comply with requests from the FBI to give information in the instances that some customer emails have been stored outside of the US. Obviously, this is a blow for tech companies and privacy advocates that have been fighting against warrants that they believe violate civil liberties. U.S. Magistrate Judge Thomas Rueter ruled on Friday that the order from the FBI for Google to transfer their emails from a foreign server to a local one so they can review the specific emails did not qualify as a seizure and therefore is not an infringement on an individual’s privacy. Google said that they sometimes break up emails into pieces and some of them may be placed in servers outside the US, but they do not necessarily know where these parts are specifically stored. The specific emails that the FBI is requesting for them are part of a domestic fraud investigation. Seven months ago, in an almost similar case, the 2nd US Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in favor of Microsoft, saying they should not be forced by the FBI to turn over emails stored in Dublin, Ireland. Investigators were demanding Microsoft’s compliance in the narcotics case they were looking into, but the courts said otherwise, in a decision that earned praise from the American Civil Liberties Union and the US Chamber of Commerce. Google had no such luck, but as expected, they will be appealing this decision. “We will continue to push back on overbroad warrants,” they said in their official statement. They apparently receive more than 25,000 requests every year from various US authorities to disclose user data in possible criminal cases, but the basic stand of the company is to foremost protect the privacy of their users. VIA: Reuters TAGS Android Google Microsoft Ida Torres Must Read HTC U Ultra, U Play hands-on: putting “U” at the center 15 best Android games of 2016, which means you should try these if you haven’t already Top 20 Android Apps for 2016 Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,121FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 473,697FollowersFollow 60,161SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2008 - 2017 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
printed February 11, 2017 See this page online at: http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=18704 ≡ Reviews Phones Phone Finder News Carriers OSes Glossary Forums Register Log In Advertising Licensing About Contact Privacy Terms of Use Home  ›  News  › Google Adds Real-Time Tabs to Google Maps for Android Article Comments   Monday, 8:27 AM   by Eric M. Zeman   @phonescooper Google today updated its Google Maps app for Android devices with new tab-based tools meant to help access real-time information with a single tap. Moving forward, three tabs appear at the bottom of Maps' home screen: places, driving, and transit. The places tab will reveal a set of curated, nearby locations such as diners, coffee shops, ATMs, gas stations, and other such destinations. The driving tab will provide real-time ETA data between home and work, with traffic alerts when in driving mode. Last, the transit tab will make it easier to discover bus/train schedules, see when the next arrives, and get ETA data for arrival times. Google Maps has long offered these functions, but they were not always available directly on the home screen. Moving them to dedicated spaces that can be opened with one press should help make them more accessible and, Google hopes, more useful. The new tabbed version of Google Maps is rolling out to Android devices starting today. more info at Google » Related Google news Android news AD Comments Start a new discussion You must log in to post. No messages yet     Page  1  of 1 Tweet this Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Email this Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS     Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram   About Contact Terms of Use All content Copyright 2001-2017 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission. 1 OK This is a preview. Click for full glossary page. Log In  or  Register Forgot password By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. (full privacy policy)
Next: up in Technology: Low-tech: College football yet to embrace sideline computers News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon | SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe business — Technology Tech giants rally against immigration policies, 'fake news' Updated: February 6, 2017 — 11:47 AM EST Facebook icon 5Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Comment icon 0 Comment Reprints & Permissions REPRINTS Popular Stories DA Seth Williams says he brought 'shame' to office, won't run again Feb 10 - 7:51 PM DeSean Jackson wants to stay in D.C., blasts 'image they put out of me' in Philly Feb 10 - 2:11 PM Close icon Shopping Cart icon Aleksey Boldin / Dreamstime Facebook is among nearly 100 tech companies filing a brief to oppose President Trump's temporary immigration ban. by Jonathan Takiff, STAFF WRITER Twitter icon @JTakiff | Mail icon takiffj@phillynews.com Close icon Mail icon Email Twitter icon @JTakiff Jonathan Takiff Staff Writer Jonathan Takiff writes about technology for the Inquirer. More by Jonathan Takiff Teched-up Wells Fargo Center shows make everybody a "player" Feb 8 Vizio's caught monitoring TV owners' viewing habits, selling info Feb 8 Pinterest and Curalate are now pinned - to each other Feb 8 Nearly 100 tech companies, including Apple, Google, and Microsoft, collectively filed a legal brief on Sunday opposing President Trump’s temporary immigration ban, arguing that it “inflicts significant harm on American business.” Joining in the brief, filed in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th district, were Facebook, Twitter, Intel, eBay, Netflix, Spotify, and Uber. Related Coverage Trump loses ruling on travel ban, says 'SEE YOU IN COURT!' White House seeks to regroup after stinging legal defeat Rubin: Trump ban hurting allies in Iraq “The Order represents a significant departure from the principles of fairness and predictability that have governed the immigration system of the United States for more than fifty years,” the brief stated. “Immigrants or their children founded more than 200 of the companies on the Fortune 500 list.” The filing is in support of a lawsuit from Minnesota and Washington states brought against Trump’s executive order temporarily barring citizens of the predominately Muslim-countries of Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen from entering the U.S. “Of course the federal government can and should implement targeted, appropriate adjustments to the nation’s immigration system to enhance the Nation’s security,” noted the brief. “But a broad, open-ended ban — together with an indication that the ban could be expanded to other countries without notice — does not fit the goal of making the country more secure. Instead, it will undermine American interests.” Coincidentally, perhaps, both Google and Facebook have also announced new, not-gonna-take-it-anymore efforts to combat the circulation of so-called fake news. CrossCheck, billed as “a collaborative journalism project,” will launch first in France and Germany where major elections are looming. The nonprofit group First Draft News, of which Google News Lab is a founding partner, will supervise the effort with participation from numerous media partners. Seventeen in France have already signed-on, including the prestigious Agence France-Presse (AFP), France Medias Monde, France Televisions, Le Echo, LeMonde, and BuzzFeed News.   “CrossCheck brings together expertise from media and technology industries to ensure hoaxes, rumors and false claims are swiftly debunked, and misleading or confusing stories are accurately reported,” stated in a press release. Facebook, subject to intense criticism in the U.S. for sharing incorrect articles preelection, is also launching its own anti-fake news measures in France and Germany, reported Les Echo. Partnering with the nonprofit organization Correctiv, questionable content will be flagged with a warning and down ranked in the Facebook news feed.    Possibly in response to both, President Trump took to his favorite pulpit on Monday to bash polls showing that many Americans are unhappy with his performance to date, calling them “fake news.”  Any negative polls are fake news, just like the CNN, ABC, NBC polls in the election. Sorry, people want border security and extreme vetting. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 6, 2017 More Coverage Gov. Wolf welcomes Syrian family, to cover $20K cost for airfare Feb 7 - 11:17 AM Trump's blasts at judge raise concerns for Gorsuch on independence Feb 6 - 10:38 AM Kerry, ex-CIA officials tell court that Trump order will 'endanger troops in the field' Feb 6 - 10:35 AM Analysis: What happens if Trump decides to ignore a judge's ruling? Feb 6 - 8:14 AM Published: February 6, 2017 — 11:47 AM EST We encourage respectful comments but reserve the right to delete anything that doesn't contribute to an engaging dialogue Help us moderate this thread by flagging comments that violate our guidelines Commenting policy | Comments FAQ Comment policy: Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted. Load comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Continue Reading More in business Business › Fast-growing SBA is one federal agency Trump supports Business › Shale lobby's expense claims under fire Retail › Macy's for sale? Saks owner Hudson's Bay is in the hunt No protections for Jewelers Row buildings while Toll Bros. has demo permit, panel rules A closer look at Gov. Wolf's consolidation plan for health and human services N.J. electric rates heading south this year Electricity rates will go down about 3 percent on June 1 for residential and small-business customers in South Jersey following this week’s... Union leader John 'Johnny Doc' Dougherty gets a radio show on 1210 AM Consumers said to be biggest losers in USDA purge of puppy mill and other data For journalism institute, a new name to honor its founder Pizzagate truthers target Philly favorites Pizza Brain and Little Baby's Comcast CEO buys sky-high condo units in company's new Philly tech tower Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Hands-on with Toast’s real-wood cover for the Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [February 2017] Trending in Google Corporate Comment: Lenovo’s new Yoga A12 Android tablet is just begging to be a Chromebook Trending in Google Corporate Opinion: Five features that I want with the second-generation Google Pixel Trending in Google Corporate Google Home now supports over 70 apps and services, here are some of the most useful Trending in Google Corporate Hands on with Colorware’s new skins for Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] February 6 GOOG: 801.34 -0.15 Google Maps for Android picks up redesign with traffic, transit, and places in a bottom bar Ben Schoon - Feb. 6th 2017 7:18 am PT @NexusBen Apps & Updates Android Google Maps View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google Maps is one of the company’s most widely-used applications, and it’s constantly evolving and improving. Today, Google has announced a brand new redesign to the Maps app for Android, bringing useful features like traffic/transit data, as well as local places and recommendations right to the forefront in a new bottom bar. In previous versions of Maps, the first thing available was a view of the area around you with search, navigation, and local recommendations all scattered around the display. With this new bottom bar interface, Google has cleaned up the UI, as well as making it much easier to access the app’s various features. A quick swipe up from the bar on the app’s main screen will reveal nearby attractions, as well as filters for businesses and restaurants. Swiping over from there brings up local traffic info as well as quick shortcuts to your pre-set home and work address. Lastly, public transit is shown including travel times and nearby stations. If you have your work and home address programmed, the app will even recommend which bus or train you should take. Google’s goal with this redesign was to provide useful, real-time data to be available almost instantly for users. There aren’t any new features in the redesign, but with these changes, Google Maps most useful features are brought to the forefront, as well as being within reach say, while driving or walking around. When you’re on the go, there’s no time for apps that can’t keep up. Whether you need to get to work or you’re just looking for a quick bite around you, Google Maps gives you personalized information about your world so you can make decisions and get around with confidence. This new redesign is now rolling out via Google Play for Android users, but Google has yet to reveal any information regarding an update for iOS users. Hopefully, the same changes will be available for Apple devices in the coming weeks.     Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Google Maps View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Big Data Analytics Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers Google’s Alphabet sells Terra Bella satellite imaging business 0Shares 0 0 0 0 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Driverless car insurance plans unveiled by UK government AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance BT sides with Google in EU Android antitrust case AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Fitbit faces criminal investigation into alleged Jawbone trade secrets theft Facebook loses $500m Oculus virtual reality lawsuit 3D Printing Explained Industrial IoT Explained AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Driverless car insurance plans unveiled by UK government AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Will biometric scanning soon revolutionise Britain’s railways? DeepMind games test AI aggression and cooperation behaviours Intel open sources deep learning with BigDL for Apache Spark AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS SAP puts a fresh face on S/4 HANA Cloud with analytics & AI Rackspace announces US layoffs just three months after $4.3bn buyout Cisco connects with Microsoft Azure to offer hybrid cloud SAP puts a fresh face on S/4 HANA Cloud with analytics & AI Cisco connects with Microsoft Azure to offer hybrid cloud AWS is bigger than Microsoft, Google & IBM combined SAP puts a fresh face on S/4 HANA Cloud with analytics & AI Cisco connects with Microsoft Azure to offer hybrid cloud AWS is bigger than Microsoft, Google & IBM combined UK cloud provider Timico raises £50m Cisco connects with Microsoft Azure to offer hybrid cloud Microsoft adds patent protection for Azure cloud customers Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business WordPress security weak spot lets hackers infiltrate and vandalise Verizon Data Breach Digest: How to protect your business from Fraud, Doxxing & Insider Threats Ransomware: #1 business cyber security threat or media hype? Verizon Data Breach Digest: How to protect your business from Fraud, Doxxing & Insider Threats Ransomware: #1 business cyber security threat or media hype? Why the NHS must act now against cyber criminals WordPress security weak spot lets hackers infiltrate and vandalise Verizon Data Breach Digest: How to protect your business from Fraud, Doxxing & Insider Threats Ransomware: #1 business cyber security threat or media hype? Verizon Data Breach Digest: How to protect your business from Fraud, Doxxing & Insider Threats Ransomware: #1 business cyber security threat or media hype? AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Industrial IoT Explained Cisco: By 2021 more people will have smartphones than running water Intel drones duet with Lady Gaga at Super Bowl 2017 Cisco: By 2021 more people will have smartphones than running water South Korea bolsters battery safety standards following Samsung Galaxy Note fires Virgin Money readies for London Marathon with Worldpay payment platform People are your greatest social media assets – but human error is unpredictable Uber patents feature for mining riders’ social media data Snap Inc finally files for IPO and pledges $2 billion to Google Cloud Nokia to buy Comptel for €347m to create standalone software company Industrial IoT Explained BlackBerry enters cloud comms market with ‘most-secure’ BBM enterpise messaging service CES 2017: Intel debuts 7th-gen Kaby Lake chips for desktop How to follow CES 2017: From Twitter to Live Streams – don’t miss any CES news Japanese tech giants hit with €166m laptop and phone battery cartel fine Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Container secrets secured in Docker DataCentre update UK’s biggest data centre raises £33m in funding When two become one: Dell EMC sets its spirit free because it’s the only way to be Stockholm city to offer sustainable data centre services with new hub 15 of the worst companies for renewable energy – Greenpeace report Greenpeace calls out AWS on renewable energy targets Stockholm city to offer sustainable data centre services with new hub Google opens €600 green data centre in the Netherlands IBM joins zero outage association to help end IT downtime for good Juniper looks to unite cloud for the data centre When two become one: Dell EMC sets its spirit free because it’s the only way to be HPE, Schneider Electric partner on micro data centres Big Data Analytics SAP puts a fresh face on S/4 HANA Cloud with analytics & AI How technology is disrupting the Super Bowl, RBS 6 Nations rugby & the Premier League Making Your Data Add Up in 2017 Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation UK government’s digital transformation strategy puts vendors on alert Major GitLab backup failure wipes 300GB of data HPE finally stops selling to buy SimpliVity – but what does the hyperconverged acquisition mean? Nokia to buy Comptel for €347m to create standalone software company SAP puts a fresh face on S/4 HANA Cloud with analytics & AI Salesforce adopts ‘Eat, Sleep, STEM, Repeat’ mantra as girls shy away from ‘male’ tech careers UK government’s digital transformation strategy puts vendors on alert Major GitLab backup failure wipes 300GB of data Cloud and cognitive computing fails to save IBM from 19th quarter of declining revenue Container secrets secured in Docker DataCentre update Nvidia to power industry supercomputers with new Quadro products Anonymous-linked hacker takes down 20% of Dark Web Container secrets secured in Docker DataCentre update UK government’s digital transformation strategy puts vendors on alert Will biometric scanning soon revolutionise Britain’s railways? IBM boosts cyber security with startup buyout Inside Silicon Valley Startup Bromium: Using Virtual Machines to Escape Endpoint Prohibition DevOps Decoded – Gaining a competitive edge with speed, productivity and security Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers South Korea bolsters battery safety standards following Samsung Galaxy Note fires Three acquires UK Broadband for $373 million Internet of ThingsM2M Back to Home Google’s Alphabet sells Terra Bella satellite imaging business Increase / Decrease text size Byomakesh Biswal 6th February 2017 0 0Shares 0 0 0 0 Add to favorites Once the deal closes, Google will enter into a multi-year contract to buy Planet Labs’ Earth-imaging data. Google is selling its Terra Bella business, including the SkySat constellation of satellites, to Planet Labs. The search giant acquired Skybox Imaging in June 2014 and rebranded it to Terra Bella last year. Terra Bella offers commercial high-resolution Earth observation satellite imagery, high-definition video and analytics services. The company’s satellites are claimed to capture video clips lasting up to 90 seconds at 30 frames per second. Planet Labs will distribute SkySat data via its suite of geospatial offerings. Upon completion of the deal, Google will enter into a multi-year contract to buy Earth-imaging data from Planet. The acquisition will allow Planet Labs to expand its available data and solutions as well as serve new customers and markets. As part of the deal, several Terra Bella employees will join Planet Labs to continue their work within the combined organisation. Planet Labs cofounder and chief executive Will Marshall said in a blogpost, “We’ve long admired what the team at Terra Bella has achieved and we think the SkySat constellation of 7 high resolution satellites is highly complementary to Planet’s existing medium resolution 60-satellite fleet. “The former enable regular, rapidly updated snapshots of select areas of the globe at sub-meter resolution; the latter regular, global coverage at 3-5 meter resolution. The two systems under one roof will be truly unique and will enable valuable new capabilities.” Google VP of product and engineering Jen Fitzpatrick said: “Terra Bella has accomplished a lot in the past two years—including the design and launch of five more satellites. We’re excited to see what’s ahead for Terra Bella, and look forward to being a long-term customer.” Established in 2010 by a team of ex-NASA scientists, Planet Labs is an American Earth imaging private firm based in San Francisco, California. The company designs and manufactures Triple-CubeSat miniature satellites, dubbed Doves that are then delivered into orbit as passengers on other rocket launch missions. Tags Google Previous ArticleGoogle to appeal court order to turn over emails stored outside US Next ArticleQualcomm, TDK form $3bn joint venture for RFFE modules Most read UK cloud wars intensify as Microsoft lowers prices & releases Azure data centre services Hannah Williams 7th February 2017 Driverless cars: A new way of life and a new cybersecurity challenge Ellie Burns 2nd February 2017 Liverpool launches digital currency based on Blockchain technology Tom Ball 2nd February 2017 Can machine learning help secure smart homes? Joe Clark 1st February 2017 Nearly 30,000 MongoDB servers held captive in ransomware attacks – and ElasticSearch is just as bad Ellie Burns 31st January 2017 Cisco, BNY Mellon and other Fortune 500 firms team up with startups on IoT blockchain Consortium Byomakesh Biswal 30th January 2017 Smart cars and penguins: more alike than you’d think Joe Clark 30th January 2017 Latest White Papers How Intel IT’s Integrated Analytics Platform Helps Sales and Marketing By Intel HPE Security Research – Cyber Risk Report 2016 By HPE Le stockage de demain By Kaminario Editor’s Pick The CIO’s Dilemma Ellie Burns 8th February 2017 IBM wins cloud price race to zero James Nunns 8th February 2017 Why context is crucial in cybersecurity investigations James Nunns 7th February 2017 Cisco: By 2021 more people will have smartphones than running water Joe Clark 7th February 2017 Blockchain to hit mainstream banking by 2020 Tom Ball 7th February 2017 Related News Smart Technology 3D Printing Explained Ellie Burns 10th February 2017 Industrial IoT Explained Ellie Burns 9th February 2017 AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Ellie Burns 9th February 2017 Latest in 4th Revolution 4th Revolution Digital Catapult launches programme for virtual, mixed and augmented reality startups Ellie Burns 9th February 2017 4th Revolution Transforming your business with deep learning Ellie Burns 6th February 2017 4th Revolution Driverless cars: A new way of life and a new cybersecurity challenge Ellie Burns 2nd February 2017 Latest in Analysis Markets The CIO’s Dilemma Ellie Burns 8th February 2017 Cloud growth clears away the January gloom for tech giants reveling in revenue growth James Nunns 27th January 2017 Smart City: the next step or privacy threat? Joe Clark 25th January 2017 What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers © 2016 COMPUTER BUSINESS REVIEW. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Favourites Favorite list is empty.Clear favorites Your favorite posts saved to your browsers cookies. If you clear cookies also favorite posts will be deleted. Latest News on CBR WordPress security weak spot lets hackers infiltrate and vandalise 17 hours ago DeepMind games test AI aggression and cooperation behaviours 18 hours ago UK cloud provider Timico raises £50m 18 hours ago Driverless car insurance plans unveiled by UK government 18 hours ago Container secrets secured in Docker DataCentre update 19 hours ago 3D Printing Explained 19 hours ago Verizon Data Breach Digest: How to protect your business from Fraud, Doxxing & Insider Threats 20 hours ago Women in tech role models hit Park Lane for 2017 FDM everywoman in Technology Awards 21 hours ago Ransomware: #1 business cyber security threat or media hype? 22 hours ago Nokia to buy Comptel for €347m to create standalone software company 23 hours ago SAP puts a fresh face on S/4 HANA Cloud with analytics & AI 1 day ago “We’re a big believer in the UK” – Tim Cook gives Brexit vote of confidence 1 day ago Rackspace announces US layoffs just three months after $4.3bn buyout 2 days ago Accenture tackles key blockchain security risks with hardware 2 days ago Salesforce adopts ‘Eat, Sleep, STEM, Repeat’ mantra as girls shy away from ‘male’ tech careers 2 days ago UK’s biggest data centre raises £33m in funding 2 days ago
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About VR Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter Sign Up Untitled-1 00/00 Sassy AI, app contraception: Podcast 304 Sassy AI, app contraception: Podcast 304 Podcast 1 day ago Pokémon Go's Valentine's event will double your Candy and make Lure modules last six hours Pokémon Go's Valentine's event will double your Candy and make Lure modules last six hours Pokemon Go 2 days ago Airlander 10's 'flying bum' is fully operational after last year's crash Airlander 10's 'flying bum' is fully operational after last year's crash Transport 1 day ago Explore more than a hundred year's worth of the Met's stunning art collection online Explore more than a hundred year's worth of the Met's stunning art collection online Art 1 day ago Twitter isn't failing, it's resetting Twitter isn't failing, it's resetting Twitter 1 day ago Jay and Silent Bob strike back (again): Kevin Smith plans to 'reboot' cinematic stoners Jay and Silent Bob strike back (again): Kevin Smith plans to 'reboot' cinematic stoners Film 1 day ago Meet the cast of Marvel's Runaways TV show Meet the cast of Marvel's Runaways TV show Television 1 day ago Apple's Beats X earphones finally arrive in UK stores Apple's Beats X earphones finally arrive in UK stores Apple 1 day ago WhatsApp turns on two-factor authentication for everyone. Here's how to enable it WhatsApp turns on two-factor authentication for everyone. Here's how to enable it Social Networks 1 day ago DeepMind's AI has learnt to become 'highly aggressive' when it feels like it's going to lose DeepMind's AI has learnt to become 'highly aggressive' when it feels like it's going to lose Deepmind 2 days ago Snapchat original series Second Chance to premiere in April Snapchat original series Second Chance to premiere in April Snapchat 1 day ago Hyperloop One co-founder Brogan BamBrogan launches rival firm Arrivo Hyperloop One co-founder Brogan BamBrogan launches rival firm Arrivo Hyperloop 1 day ago Five arrested for adding illegal software to Kodi boxes and selling them on Five arrested for adding illegal software to Kodi boxes and selling them on Copyright 1 day ago Hubble spots 'big brother' of Halley’s Comet being torn apart by white dwarf Hubble spots 'big brother' of Halley’s Comet being torn apart by white dwarf Comets 1 day ago Robo-bees covered in sticky horsehair could one day help pollinate crops Robo-bees covered in sticky horsehair could one day help pollinate crops Science 1 day ago UK esports champions Fnatic are getting into mobile gaming UK esports champions Fnatic are getting into mobile gaming Esports 1 day ago Facebook Safety Check now lets you offer food, transport and shelter Facebook Safety Check now lets you offer food, transport and shelter Facebook 2 days ago A condom-free male contraceptive takes a step closer after successful trial in monkeys A condom-free male contraceptive takes a step closer after successful trial in monkeys Birth 2 days ago Make your commute more bearable with our pick of the best podcasts Make your commute more bearable with our pick of the best podcasts Podcast 12 Jan 2017 The best games coming to Nintendo Switch The best games coming to Nintendo Switch Gaming 1 day ago Why can’t the British press call Trump a ‘liar’? Why can’t the British press call Trump a ‘liar’? Donald Trump 26 Jan 2017 The best shows to binge on Amazon Prime Video The best shows to binge on Amazon Prime Video Amazon Prime 04 Jan 2017 The political forecast for 2017? Economic precarity and social division The political forecast for 2017? Economic precarity and social division Brexit 07 Jan 2017 Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About Follow wired Newsletter Sign Up Sassy AI, app contraception: Podcast 304 Sassy AI, app contraception: Podcast 304 Podcast 1 day ago Pokémon Go's Valentine's event will double your Candy and make Lure modules last six hours Pokémon Go's Valentine's event will double your Candy and make Lure modules last six hours Pokemon Go 2 days ago Airlander 10's 'flying bum' is fully operational after last year's crash Airlander 10's 'flying bum' is fully operational after last year's crash Transport 1 day ago Explore more than a hundred year's worth of the Met's stunning art collection online Explore more than a hundred year's worth of the Met's stunning art collection online Art 1 day ago Twitter isn't failing, it's resetting Twitter isn't failing, it's resetting Twitter 1 day ago Jay and Silent Bob strike back (again): Kevin Smith plans to 'reboot' cinematic stoners Jay and Silent Bob strike back (again): Kevin Smith plans to 'reboot' cinematic stoners Film 1 day ago Meet the cast of Marvel's Runaways TV show Meet the cast of Marvel's Runaways TV show Television 1 day ago Apple's Beats X earphones finally arrive in UK stores Apple's Beats X earphones finally arrive in UK stores Apple 1 day ago WhatsApp turns on two-factor authentication for everyone. Here's how to enable it WhatsApp turns on two-factor authentication for everyone. Here's how to enable it Social Networks 1 day ago DeepMind's AI has learnt to become 'highly aggressive' when it feels like it's going to lose DeepMind's AI has learnt to become 'highly aggressive' when it feels like it's going to lose Deepmind 2 days ago Snapchat original series Second Chance to premiere in April Snapchat original series Second Chance to premiere in April Snapchat 1 day ago Hyperloop One co-founder Brogan BamBrogan launches rival firm Arrivo Hyperloop One co-founder Brogan BamBrogan launches rival firm Arrivo Hyperloop 1 day ago Five arrested for adding illegal software to Kodi boxes and selling them on Five arrested for adding illegal software to Kodi boxes and selling them on Copyright 1 day ago Hubble spots 'big brother' of Halley’s Comet being torn apart by white dwarf Hubble spots 'big brother' of Halley’s Comet being torn apart by white dwarf Comets 1 day ago Robo-bees covered in sticky horsehair could one day help pollinate crops Robo-bees covered in sticky horsehair could one day help pollinate crops Science 1 day ago UK esports champions Fnatic are getting into mobile gaming UK esports champions Fnatic are getting into mobile gaming Esports 1 day ago Facebook Safety Check now lets you offer food, transport and shelter Facebook Safety Check now lets you offer food, transport and shelter Facebook 2 days ago A condom-free male contraceptive takes a step closer after successful trial in monkeys A condom-free male contraceptive takes a step closer after successful trial in monkeys Birth 2 days ago Make your commute more bearable with our pick of the best podcasts Make your commute more bearable with our pick of the best podcasts Podcast 12 Jan 2017 The best games coming to Nintendo Switch The best games coming to Nintendo Switch Gaming 1 day ago Why can’t the British press call Trump a ‘liar’? Why can’t the British press call Trump a ‘liar’? Donald Trump 26 Jan 2017 The best shows to binge on Amazon Prime Video The best shows to binge on Amazon Prime Video Amazon Prime 04 Jan 2017 The political forecast for 2017? Economic precarity and social division The political forecast for 2017? Economic precarity and social division Brexit 07 Jan 2017 VR Samsung Gear VR shipped more devices than Oculus, HTC Vive, and PSVR combined Samsung's mobile VR headset shipped 4.51 million units in 2016 By Matt Kamen 4 days ago By Matt Kamen Monday 6 February 2017 Samsung Samsung's Gear VR headset has become the leading virtual reality headset after shipping more units than its main rivals combined. ADVERTISEMENT The mobile VR device shipped 4.51 million units worldwide last year, per MCV. That figure far outstrips high-end competitors PlayStation VR, HTC Vive, and Oculus Rift, which shipped a combined total of 1.42m units in 2016. Breaking the numbers down further, PlayStation VR came in second place, shipping 750,000 units, while HTC Vive shipped 420,000. Oculus Rift, meanwhile, only shipped 250,000. READ NEXT Nintendo Switch's online service could cost as little as £14 a year Nintendo Switch's online service could cost as little as £14 a year By Matt Kamen Those numbers are actually pretty impressive for Sony. The console-based VR system only launched in October, so 750,000 units isn't anything to sniff at. Likewise, HTC Vive only launched in April, so doesn't have a full year on the shelves. It's an extremely expensive high-end VR system too, but its price doesn't seem to have deterred buyers. Oculus seems to have fared worst. After launching in March with years of hype behind it, the relatively meagre numbers don't seem to pay back Facebook's investment in the company. The brand could also have been damaged by founder Palmer Luckey's involvement in a pro-Trump "shit-posting" campaign, and the recent $500 million (£391 million) loss in court over using code developed by gaming firm ZeniMax without permission. The reason for Samsung's success is easy to identify, though. Not only has it been on shelves longer, with the first version released in November 2015, it's cheaper and more accessible. ADVERTISEMENT READ NEXT Facebook and Oculus to pay ZeniMax $500m in damages after losing VR court case Facebook and Oculus to pay ZeniMax $500m in damages after losing VR court case By Matt Kamen "The low barrier to entry for mobile gave Samsung an edge over its other high-end competitors before the Google Daydream View came out," said analytics firm SuperData, whose report revealed the figures. "After giving away hundreds of thousands of headsets with S7 pre-orders, [Samsung was] able to get devices into the hands of consumers at a critical time." Matters aren't quite so rosy for Google Pixel yet, but it seems only a matter of time until Samsung Gear has serious competition. "Google's new headset has been slow out the gate, coming out late last year and compatible with only the Google Pixel," SuperData said. "However, as more phones become compatible this year it will be stiff competition for Samsung, especially since the Daydream View is $20 cheaper than the Gear VR." Sony has reason to be pleased too. The report adds that "Sony's headset flew off shelves, selling out virtually everywhere within a few days," and that the only reason it hasn't sold more yet is because "the company's lack of fulfilment is an indication of a cautious start". The report also looked at VR usage statistics. It found that games surprisingly only make up 44 per cent of the market, and that users prefer shorter experiences. The average time spent using a headset was a tiny seven minutes for mobile, and twelve minutes on home VR systems. However, players kept coming back for more. "While play sessions were short - roughly ten minutes - they were engaging enough to keep players coming back often," SuperData explained. "Users experienced VR more than once a day on average, with mobile VR users in particular reaching for their headset almost 50 times a month." ADVERTISEMENT It's worth noting the figures for units shipped are just that - how many pieces of hardware were supplied to retailers, rather than necessarily an accurate reflection of sell-through to customers. At CES in January, Samsung claimed 5m units "are in consumers hands globally", per Polygon, though this figure likely counts units since launch, rather than just in 2016 as in SuperData's report. Still, 4.5 million shipped in one year is an impressive figure and implies the future of VR may, in fact, be mobile. Update: February 7 09:09am - The piece was updated to explain contradictory reports regarding sales and shipping figures VR Samsung Gear Playstation VR HTC Vive Oculus Gaming Share this article RECOMMENDED HTC Vive available now for £689, but shipping adds £57.60 HTC Vive available now for £689, but shipping adds £57.60 By Matt Burgess Oculus Rift 29 Feb 2016 PlayStation VR review: can it compete against HTC Vive and Oculus? PlayStation VR review: can it compete against HTC Vive and Oculus? 8/10 By Matt Kamen Gaming 17 Oct 2016 Google, HTC and Oculus team-up to create VR industry standards Google, HTC and Oculus team-up to create VR industry standards By James Temperton Technology 08 Dec 2016 EVE Valkyrie is introducing cross-platform VR play EVE Valkyrie is introducing cross-platform VR play By Matt Kamen Gaming 21 Apr 2016 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2017

This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Fiber broadband: Is it a waste with 5G and Elon Musk's satellites on the horizon? With all the hype surrounding Google Fiber and its competitors, will we look back on the whole experiment as a colossal waste of resources or a long overdue harbinger of better internet? By Jason Hiner | February 5, 2017 -- 23:00 GMT (15:00 PST) | Topic: Networking Image: Google If you're a telecommuter, an entrepreneur, or a technology lover, and fiber broadband is coming to your area, then you're likely chomping at the bit to get it installed as soon as it's available. I know I am. Since Google Fiber named my city as fertile ground for gigabit broadband, other internet providers like AT&T have raced to match Google with ridiculously fast internet plans of their own. FREE DOWNLOAD Special Report: Harnessing IoT in the Enterprise You can download all of the articles in this series in one PDF. It's free to registered ZDNet and TechRepublic members. Read More Google Fiber has succeeded in reigniting competition for faster internet across the US. However, now that Google Fiber has reached a similar conclusion as Verizon FiOS did a decade ago -- that digging expensive ditches and laying cables might be a 20th century way of solving the problem -- what's going to happen to the fiber broadband movement? For example, AT&T had been on a gigabit tear in 2016, as it increased its fiber-to-the-premises roll-outs to a total of 29 different metro areas across the US, with plans for dozens more. That compared to nine metro areas for Google Fiber in 2016, with another dozen or so on the potential list. AT&T even thumbed its nose at Google in the process. Meanwhile, cable providers like Time Warner Cable upgraded internet speeds by 6x for free to keep customers in the fold. Even smaller ISPs looked for ways to join the fiber revolution, such as CenturyLink, which reported in 2016 that it had found ways to get FTTP deployments down to $500-$800 from the tradition $1,000 or more it cost to lay fiber to each home or business. Now that Google is retreating from FTTP rollouts in favor of fixed wireless (powered by its Webpass acquisition), it's unclear yet whether its fiber competitors will lose their enthusiasm for FTTP. Since Google chased out the Google Fiber CEO and laid off 9 percent of its staff last fall, AT&T has gone very quiet about its Fiber plans. Instead, it's been touting its 5G trials and its new "AirGig" technology to deliver gigabit internet over power lines. Telecom companies are naturally questioning whether they should continue these laborious, expensive deployments of fiber when wireless gigabit is only a few years away. So-called "fixed wireless" replaces a cable or fiber modem with a box that has a wireless chip like the one in your smartphone plus a strong antenna. Once 5G arrives, these boxes will be able to operate at gigabit speeds -- with no new ditches to dig and no cables to lay. At the same time, Elon Musk's SpaceX is planning a global network of 4,000 low-orbit satellites that would blanket the entire planet with gigabit internet. If approved, SpaceX said these satellites would offer low latency in the neighborhood of 30ms, which is comparable to today's cable and DSL connections and much faster than the 600ms that has plagued traditional satellite internet providers. SpaceX wants to start launching these satellites in 2019. Qualcomm, Boeing, Virgin, and others are considering similar plans for satellite internet. Another factor to watch is DOCSIS 3.1, the cable internet standard that allows cable companies to offer gigabit speeds over existing cable lines. Since cable already reaches over 60 percent of US households, this could also mean a massive upgrade to gigabit speeds in the years ahead. Comcast, America's largest cable internet provider, has already started rolling out gigabit cable upgrades. With all this in mind, what's the advantage of gigabit fiber? Top notch fiber connections have much lower latency than any other type of connection -- as low as 2ms. That opens up new possibilities for telepresence, team collaboration, and virtual reality and augmented reality over the internet. The other big advantage to fiber over wireless, satellites, power lines, or upgraded cable lines is that it's much more future-proof. While we're racing toward 1 gigabit speeds by 2020, by 2025-2030 we're going to be demanding 10 gigabits. Fiber will find it much easier to scale up to meet that demand than these other types of connections will. SEE: Harnessing IoT in the Enterprise (ZDNet/TechRepublic special report) In short, when these other technologies catch up to fiber broadband's gigabit speeds in the next few years it will lull us into thinking that the telecom companies that spent a fortune on FTTP only ended up with a short-term advantage of 2-3 years. But make no mistake, the companies that are investing in FTTP today are likely to be the leaders in 2025 when the next wave of technologies -- especially artificial intelligence, the Internet of Things and mixed reality -- will demand much more robust connections from both the home and the office. It's also going to be critical to the future of the smart home and the smart city, since many of today's most connected cities across the world have determined that laying fiber is the foundation that many of tomorrow's most connected services will be built upon. The big question is whether Google Fiber, AT&T Fiber, Verizon FiOS, or any of their competitors will have the stomach to stay the course on FTTP. ZDNet Monday Morning Opener The Monday Morning Opener is our opening salvo for the week in tech. Since we run a global site, this editorial publishes on Monday at 8:00am AEST in Sydney, Australia, which is 6:00pm Eastern Time on Sunday in the US. It is written by a member of ZDNet's global editorial board, which is comprised of our lead editors across Asia, Australia, Europe, and the US. Previously on Monday Morning Opener: The biggest barrier to Windows 10 success is still Windows 7 Apple's iPhone turns 10: Here's how the device impacted business, work The 4 tech trends that will shape 2017 The 5 biggest tech trends of 2016: ZDNet editors sound off The biggest threat to artificial intelligence: Human stupidity Cloud compute pricing bakeoff: Google vs. AWS vs. Microsoft Azure Can Trump stop the automation revolution and save US jobs? The PC is having its mid-life crisis, just a little bit early Apple to revive the Macbook, as iPad falters and IBM launches biggest Mac rollout ever Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Internet of Things Nokia gets deeper into the enterprise with IoT launch for the biggest of businesses NBN MyRepublic calls NBN 1Gbps claim ludicrous, launching gigatown to prove it Networking ISPs should be more accurate about broadband speeds: ACCC Networking Google Fiber 2.0 targets the city where it will stage its comeback, as AT&T Fiber prepares to go nuclear × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Why is Google selling off its satellite fleet? Christian Science Monitor Charlie Wood Staff 4 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Where the Obamas are headed after the White House 15 celebrities who had epic fails as entrepreneurs © Getty Images A sign is posted in front of the Terra Bella headquarters on June 10, 2014 in Mountain View, California. Google’s parent company, Alphabet, may have sky-high ambitions, but for now, it looks like they’ll be capped at around 60,000 feet. With the sale of recently acquired satellite imaging company Terra Bella, Alphabet trades direct control over its own fleet of satellites – and all the hassles that can bring – for rights to purchase pictures for Google Earth from a third party. This reorganization is the latest in a series of moves focusing on balancing the company’s eclectic interests with investors’ desire for profits. Popular Searches Michael Kors Holdings Ltd KORS ▲ 38.38 +0.11 +0.29% AstraZeneca PLC AZN ▲ 29.53 +0.23 +0.79% Homeland Security Corp HSCC ▼ 0.0090 -0.0014 -13.29% Newpark Resources Inc NR = 8.15 0.00 0.00% In 2014, Google, as the company was still called at the time, purchased Terra Bella and its constellation of seven high-resolution satellites for for $500 million. Now, competitor Planet Labs Inc. will purchase Terra Bella for an undisclosed sum, it announced on Friday in a press release. The Terra Bella satellites can provide Google Earth with crisp images resolving features smaller than three feet across, which Planet Labs says is more than 3.5 times the sharpness of their current fleet composed of 60 mid-resolution satellites. As part of the deal, Planet Labs agreed to sell Alphabet imagery for the next five years, and Alphabet will receive a stake in the company. Planet Labs will also take on a number of Terra Bella employees. Google underwent a dramatic corporate restructuring in 2015, when it created Alphabet as a parent company overseeing Google’s huge range of products and sometimes outlandish projects. In addition to the standard search and advertising business, Alphabet also has its fingers in a variety of fields including self-driving cars, life-extension research, urban planning, and a number of other ambitious projects sometimes referred to internally as “other bets.” But search and advertising are really the company’s bread and butter. In 2016, ads made up almost 90 percent of Alphabet's revenue, prompting one ex-executive to say, “No one wants to face the reality that this is an advertising company with a bunch of hobbies,” Bloomberg reported last year. Some of those hobbies don’t come cheap. All together, the non-Google branches of Alphabet lost about $3.6 billion in 2015, double that of the previous year, Bloomberg says. To reign in costs and mastermind the reorganization, Google/Alphabet brought in Ruth Porat, whose resume includes a stint as an adviser to the Treasury Department during the 2008 financial crisis. Her fiscal streamlining prowess has been popular with shareholders, but controversial among Alphabet’s many “moonshot” departments, where she’s known by the nickname Ruthless Ruth “She’s a hatchet man,” a former senior Alphabet executive told Bloomberg. “If Larry isn’t excited about something,” the executive continued, referring to CEO Page, “Ruth kills it.” Other recent casualties include the canceling of an internet providing, solar powered drone network, and an attempt to sell off all-terrain walking robotic creator Boston Dynamics. But other moonshots have made the cut. Development continues on project Loon, for example, which aims to provide free or low-cost internet to as many as 4 billion people via a worldwide fleet of 100,000 giant weather balloons, as pictured above. Think Pixar’s animated movie Up, but one colossal balloon carrying a super powered wifi router instead of a house. Meanwhile, Planet Labs has big dreams too. On valentine's day, it plans to launch a record-breaking 88 satellites to expand its current range to cover the entire planet. This article was written by Charlie Wood Staff from Christian Science Monitor and was legally licensed through the NewsCred publisher network. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Search the TechTarget Network Join CW+ Login Register Cookies News In Depth Blogs Opinion Videos Photo Stories Premium Content RSS IT Management IT leadership & CW500 IT architecture IT efficiency Governance Innovation Legislation & regulation Operations & support Project management Strategy Supplier management Business issues Sponsored Communities Industry Sectors Healthcare IT Charity IT Business services IT Financial services IT Government & public sector IT Leisure & hospitality IT Manufacturing IT Media & entertainment IT Retail IT SME IT Telecoms & internet Transport & travel IT Utilities IT IT suppliers Technology Topics Datacentre View All Clustering for high availability and HPC Datacentre backup power and power distribution Datacentre capacity planning Datacentre cooling infrastructure Disaster recovery/security Green IT Performance, monitoring and optimisation Systems management IaaS Server and Operating Systems PaaS Virtualisation SaaS Desktop virtualisation platforms Enterprise software View All AI and automation Business applications Business intelligence Cloud applications Collaboration CRM Database ERP Financial applications HR software Middleware Windows Mobile Open source Operating systems SOA Software development Software licensing Virtualisation Web software IT in Europe and Middle East View All IT in Germany IT in Italy IT in Poland IT in Russia IT in Spain IT in the Middle East IT in The Netherlands IT in Turkey IT in France IT in the Nordics Information Management View All Big data Business intelligence and analytics BPM Content management Quality/governance Data warehousing Database management MDM/Integration IT in Asia-Pacific View All IT in ASEAN IT in Australia & New Zealand Internet View All Cloud E-commerce Internet infrastructure Social media Web development IT skills View All Training Jobs Management skills Technical skills Hardware View All Chips & processors Printers Storage Data centre Mobile Networking PC Servers IT security View All Antivirus Secure Coding and Application Programming Continuity Cloud security Data Breach Incident Management and Recovery Endpoint and NAC Protection Cybercrime IAM Risk management Network Security Management Data protection Compliance Regulation and Standard Requirements Security policy and user awareness Web Application Security IT services View All Cloud Consultancy Outsourcing Hosting Offshore Startups Mobile View All Laptop Mobile software Mobile networking Smartphone Tablet Networking View All Datacentre networking Internet of Things Mobile Network hardware Network monitoring and analysis Network routing and switching Network security strategy Network software Software-defined networking Telecoms networks and broadband communications Unified communications VoIP WAN performance and optimisation Wireless Storage View All Cloud storage Compliance and storage Backup Disaster recovery Flash and SSDs Hyper-convergence Disk systems Software-defined storage Storage switches Storage management Virtualisation and storage Please select a category Datacentre Enterprise software IT in Europe and Middle East Information Management IT in Asia-Pacific Internet IT skills Hardware IT security IT services Mobile Networking Storage deepagopi2011 - Fotolia Google to appeal against order to hand over foreign emails Warwick Ashford Security Editor UK firms urged to consider the risks of non-UK cloud service providers and to encrypt data in the light of another US warrant to access emails held by a US cloud services firm on non-US servers This Article Covers Data protection RELATED TOPICS Antivirus Secure Coding and Application Programming Continuity Cloud security Data Breach Incident Management and Recovery Endpoint and NAC Protection Sections Share this item with your network: Related Content Google to appeal after loss in cloud data privacy case – SearchSecurity US weighs email and cloud privacy law – ComputerWeekly Facebook court judgement threatens Safe Harbour ... – ComputerWeekly Latest News Ordinary citizens with no terror links caught by US surveillance, court hears. FDM Everywoman in Tech: 2017 winners announced MWC 2017: 4G still has plenty of mileage, say mobile analysts View All News Latest Blog Posts Government digital strategy ticks the boxes - but real transformation needs more radical ambition – Computer Weekly Editors Blog TIBCO revs up motorcycle API – CW Developer Network View All Blogs Download Computer Weekly In The Current Issue: Moore’s Law is running out – but don’t panic How serverless computing could help enterprises cut cloud complexity Open source cloud community condemns President Trump immigration ban Download Current Issue Google reportedly plans to appeal against a court order to hand over to the FBI emails of Gmail users stored outside of the US, arguing that doing so will put the privacy of non-US citizens at risk. Download this free guide Don't become a victim! Find out what are the most appropriate threat intelligence systems and services for your organisation Start Download Corporate E-mail Address: You forgot to provide an Email Address. This email address doesn’t appear to be valid. This email address is already registered. Please login. You have exceeded the maximum character limit. Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address. By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent. By submitting your personal information, you agree that TechTarget and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content, products and special offers. You also agree that your personal information may be transferred and processed in the United States, and that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. In a similar case, the US Department of Justice is considering going to the Supreme Court after an appeals court refused to revisit its July 2016 landmark ruling blocking government access to emails stored on Microsoft servers in Ireland. Both cases involve warrants issued under the US Stored Communications Act, which many technology firms and privacy advocates consider outdated, particularly in the light of the EU-US Privacy Shield personal data exchange agreement reached in 2016. Privacy Shield was developed in consultation with the US to replace the Safe Harbour agreement, which was declared invalid by the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU). For just over three years, Microsoft has resisted giving access to emails believed to be linked to narcotics trafficking that are stored on its servers in Ireland, arguing that the emails belong to its customers and that the servers are outside US jurisdiction. Microsoft and Google are among several big US technology firms that have called for surveillance reforms because of concerns that public loss of trust in technology will hurt their businesses. Now Google is resisting giving the FBI access to emails held on servers outside the US that have been linked to a US fraud investigation, and plans to appeal against a ruling by Philadelphia judge Thomas Rueter that transferring emails from a foreign server so FBI agents could review them locally did not qualify as a seizure. The ruling said that although the retrieval of the electronic data by Google from its multiple datacentres abroad has the potential for an invasion of privacy, the actual infringement of privacy occurs at the time of disclosure in the US. But judge Rueter’s finding is the opposite of the July 2016 conclusion reached by a federal appeals court in the Microsoft case, which was welcomed by Microsoft and other tech firms as a landmark ruling that set an important precedent for protecting the privacy of cloud services.  Read more about EU-US Privacy Shield The transatlantic data transfer framework has been approved, but will need more fine-tuning in the first joint review in a year’s time, says the Article 29 Working Party. Ireland faces legal challenge over the independence of its data commissioner in the wake of the scrapping of the Safe Harbour data protection agreement. Dublin court case on the legality of Facebook’s data transfers to the US raises issues that affect US national security, claims US Department of Justice. User demand for locally hosted cloud services prompts cloud firms and infrastructure providers to rapidly take up datacentre space in Europe, CBRE research shows. In line with the Microsoft ruling, Google argued that it had complied with warrants it had received for data the company knew to be stored in the US, but that some emails were stored outside the country to improve network performance. Judge Rueter’s ruling came just a week after US president Donald Trump issued an executive order on enhancing public safety in the US that caused alarm because of fears that it could jeopardise the Privacy Shield agreement by weakening protections for data held in the US about foreign citizens. But the fears were quickly dismissed by law firms and civil rights groups, who said that although the executive order underlines the vulnerability of Privacy Shield, it is unlikely to have any marked effect. However, judge Reuter’s ruling could potentially spark fresh concerns among European privacy campaigners, according to Nicky Stewart, commercial director at cloud assurance services firm UKCloud. “Public sector bodies with contracts with US cloud firms need to make an immediate privacy impact assessment and, if necessary, seek expert legal advice,” he said. Stewart also believes public sector organisations may need to scope out migration options to move workloads so data privacy and sovereignty can be assured. “As they prepare for Brexit and GDPR [General Data Protection Regulation] as well as the prime minister’s new industrial strategy which actively favours UK firms for government contracts and procurement for growth in the post-Brexit world, departments are going to need to weigh up the risks in terms of data privacy and sovereignty and currency fluctuations of doing business with non-UK providers,” he said. Increase due diligence Nigel Hawthorn, European marketing director at cloud security, compliance and governance firm Skyhigh Networks, said Google should be praised for the stance it has taken, but warned that UK and EU cloud service users must increase the due diligence they conduct around cloud service providers (CSPs). “All users – whether consumer or business – of cloud services must now assume that access to their data will be requested by courts around the world at some point and, therefore, it is now vital for them to adopt and control their own safety measures,” he said. Like consumers, Hawthorn said companies need to improve their cloud service due diligence by checking the applications they are using, what security features they have, where the data is stored and where that particular CSP’s headquarters is located. But companies can then go a step further by implementing their own technical security features, which increasingly means encrypting data before it even reaches the cloud, he said. “The tension between the courts and technology is unlikely to ease any time soon, so users must start taking a more proactive role to protect their cloud data,” said Hawthorn. CW+ Features Enjoy the benefits of CW+ membership, learn more and join. E-Handbook Are we trusting social networks too much? E-Handbook Are you one eDiscovery away from a budgetary meltdown? E-Handbook Financial markets regulatory outlook 2017 Read more on Privacy and data protection All News In Depth Blog Posts Opinion Videos Ordinary citizens with no terror links caught by US surveillance, court hears. Security Think Tank: Integrity attacks tough, but not impossible to spot How a Dublin court case could derail EU-US data privacy agreements Facebook Schrems legal case will have ‘sweeping’ impact on EU-US privacy Load More View All Ordinary citizens with no terror links caught by US surveillance, court hears. How a Dublin court case could derail EU-US data privacy agreements Facebook Schrems legal case will have ‘sweeping’ impact on EU-US privacy US weighs email and cloud privacy law Load More View All News Challenges of complying with the Investigatory Powers Act What happens to data protection when we leave the EU? A Good American: Surveillance, 9/11 and the NSA Infosecurity – the GCHQ way Load More View All In Depth GDPR - the essential compliance burden to keep the UK trading post-Brexit MPs understand IT better than IT Professional understand politics Veritas NetBackup 8.0: how to ‘manage’ data inside a cloud DRM 2.0 Load More View All Blog Post Security Think Tank: Integrity attacks tough, but not impossible to spot European Commission announces initiatives on the data economy, e-Privacy and data protection Fight against Investigatory Powers Bill may not be over Self-sovereign identity on the block – ideal or no deal? Load More View All Opinion CW500 Video: Identity and access management - GDS CW500: Jitender Arora, GE Capital Europe CW500: Stephen Gailey, Splunk Computer Weekly & FT video debates - managing the cost of IT View All Videos Start the conversation 0 comments Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources CIO Security Networking Data Center Data Management SearchCIO Dunkin’ pins growth on digital tech Dunkin' celebrates progress on digital initiatives, but using digital tech to deliver customer value is no slam dunk, says ... Information technology adoption: CIO Ted Ross discusses LA's strategy Ted Ross, Los Angeles CIO, discusses enterprise technology refresh against the backdrop of developments such as Windows Server ... Data transparency is the lifeblood of new information economy Many companies have invested in the analytics infrastructure that helps turn data into a business asset. Now what? Gartner's ... SearchSecurity Trump tells White House cybersecurity officer, 'You're fired' Rumors have been confirmed that President Trump has fired the White House cybersecurity officer in charge of making sure he and ... Risk & Repeat: RSA Conference 2017 predictions and expectations In this episode of SearchSecurity's Risk & Repeat podcast, editors discuss their plans, expectations and predictions for RSA ... Corero: Telecom carriers have fallen behind on DDoS defense Corero Network Security's Dave Larson talks with SearchSecurity about how DDoS defense has changed and why telecom service ... SearchNetworking Cisco joins Microsoft in providing Azure Stack services in UCS server Cisco and Microsoft have worked together in delivering Azure Stack services through Cisco's UCS server. The new product ships in ... An Avaya networking sale may prove challenging This week, bloggers look into challenges facing an Avaya networking sale, ZeroStack's launch of automated infrastructure, and ... Exploring availability monitoring tools for larger networks The leading enterprise network monitoring tools offer a variety of features, licensing, support and maintenance options designed ... SearchDataCenter Lessons learned from data center outages, but still a long trip ahead The hits keep on coming for the airline industry, with several more IT outages that have stranded angry passengers in recent ... Build a remote data replication strategy Synchronous and asynchronous remote replication provide different options for IT. Understand the differences, and the potential ... Advisory board: Learn from these top data center challenges For many, time is the ultimate teacher. Explore the top data center challenges and lessons learned from our advisory board ... SearchDataManagement A look at the leading operational database management systems The market for operational DBMS products can be confusing, especially with so many choices. But knowing your application ... Preparing data for analysis helps JTV find predictive gold Predictive models help Jewelry Television's on-air hosts sell its wares, thanks to data integration and preparation processes ... Data preparation steps increase to meet predictive analytics needs Data scientists building predictive models and machine learning algorithms often have to do more data preparation work upfront ... About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Our Use of Cookies Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors Reprints Archive Site Map Answers E-Products Events In Depth Guides Opinions Quizzes Photo Stories Tips Tutorials Videos All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2000 - 2017, TechTarget Close
Menu Topics Biomedicine Business Computing Energy Mobile Robotics 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter The Download, Feb 6, 2017: Tech Dominates the Super Bowl, AI and Christianity, and a 3-D Printed Spaceship The most fascinating and important news in technology and innovation delivered straight to your inbox, every day. by Michael Reilly February 6, 2017 Three Things You Need to Know Today Recommended for You As Goldman Embraces Automation, Even the Masters of the Universe Are Threatened This Technology Could Finally Make Brain Implants Practical Watch This $100 Drone Try to Do a Bumblebee’s Job The Next Big Encryption Fight Collection of 13,500 Nastygrams Could Advance War on Trolls Recommended for You As Goldman Embraces Automation, Even the Masters of the Universe Are Threatened This Technology Could Finally Make Brain Implants Practical Watch This $100 Drone Try to Do a Bumblebee’s Job The Next Big Encryption Fight Collection of 13,500 Nastygrams Could Advance War on Trolls Tech’s Super Ads Last night’s Super Bowl was, as always, all about the commercials, and technology companies were a bigger part of the party than ever before. Google got things started with a minute-long spot that touted its voice-activated assistant, Google Home (which apparently also set off the devices in people’s houses, thanks to the ad’s repetition of “Okay, Google”). Not to be outdone, Amazon plugged its own version, the Echo, and threw in a teaser for the arrival of its drone delivery service. Airbnb got political, which is a bit ironic given its problems with racism. Hyundai and Intel, meanwhile, each went big on 360-degree video. Even IBM’s Watson (whatever it is) made an(other) appearance, as did services ranging from web hosting to robotic investment advisors. As for the business of Super Bowl advertising? It’s booming: a record $5 million for each thirty seconds of air time proved that cord-cutting isn’t harming America’s biggest night in television—at least not yet. Do you need The Download? Sign up here to get it for free in your inbox. Companies Come Out in Support of Immigration With the Trump administration’s immigration ban on hold since Friday, Tech companies have taken the opportunity to weigh in. News emerged last night that 97 companies—from Apple to Zynga, as Bloomberg put it—had filed an amicus brief in federal appeals court in support of the State of Washington’s case against Trump. Apart from quoting John F. Kennedy and arguing that ban of immigrants from seven predominantly Muslim nations violates the Constitution, the brief states that the ban “is inflicting substantial harm on U.S. companies,” mainly because it “hinders the ability of American companies to attract great talent” and “makes it more difficult for American firms to compete in the international marketplace.” You can read the brief in its entirety here. A decision on the Department of Justice’s appeal is expected sometime this week, after which the case may end up before the Supreme Court. Encryption Fight, Redux Last year’s showdown between Apple and the FBI over an encrypted iPhone fizzled without a clear resolution. Encryption in consumer services and devices is only growing, though, and our own Mike Orcutt examines how things could play out when (not if) the issue rears its head again. Among the possibilities: If the feds don’t want a repeat performance of the Apple standoff, they might instead seek to compel a messaging service like WhatsApp to help investigators read messages written by suspected criminals. Failing that, action could come from Congress or the Trump administration—last year, Donald Trump called for a boycott of Apple when it defied the feds, while an encryption working group in the House of Representatives said weakening encryption was “against the national interest.” No matter where things head next, one thing is sure: this fight is far from over. Ten Fascinating Things That swarm of 300 drones flying above Lady Gaga at the Super Bowl halftime show was pretty cool. But there are two things you should know about it: First, it was pre-recorded, mainly because of FAA restrictions. Second, Intel and Disney have been collaborating on the Shooting Stars, as they’re called, for a while now. They’ve been putting on a show at Disney World, and Intel upped the swarm to a Guinness record 500 drones during a flight over Sydney last year. The company says its system could handle a swarm of up to 10,000 at once. Boeing has announced that its next-generation crewed space capsule, the Starliner, will be built using hundreds of 3-D printed parts. In the last week, the new FCC chief Ajit Pai has quiety rolled back a slew of regulations that businesses fought for years. With policies like net neutrality on the chopping block, we examined what the Internet might look like in the near future. It’s a simple question, with profound implications: Does AI pose a threat to Christianity? So, China now leads the world in installed solar energy capacity. But don’t be fooled—the country’s solar boom has resulted in huge amounts of clean power going to waste. A vigilante hacker has executed a massive takedown of a Dark Web hosting service, apparently in retaliation for allowing child pornography sites to proliferate. France will hold its presidential election in April, and Facebook is partnering with eight French media companies to set up a system for fighting fake news. Can the federal government order tech companies to cough up records stored overseas for use in U.S. investigations? Microsoft and Google have fought big court battles over this question—Microsoft won theirs, but Google just lost. As the center of China’s plans to strengthen its military is a new reliance on the power of AI. Quote of the Day "Everybody is concerned about trade wars. If trade stops, war starts." —Alibaba CEO Jack Ma speaking over the weekend about his concerns that the Trump administration’s opposition to global trade deals could lead to more than just disputes over the exchange of goods. Become an MIT Technology Review Insider for in-depth analysis and unparalleled perspective. Subscribe today Tagged The Download Michael Reilly Senior Editor, News and Commentary I’m senior editor for news and commentary, so if there’s something in the news, I probably have something to say about it. I also created our main newsletter, The Download – you should subscribe to it. Before joining… More MIT Technology Review, I was Boston bureau chief for New Scientist. I’ve written about just about every topic in science and technology, and I have a hard time picking a favorite (though as a former geologist, I do enjoy a good volcano story). Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all five of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $15 per month. Insider Premium $179.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. From Our Advertisers In partnership with Alibaba Alibaba Targets the Global Market with Apsara Aliware Platform In partnership with Lenovo Video: 5 Data-Center Hyperconvergence Myths In partnership with Lenovo Video: Is That Data for Here or to Go? In partnership with Lenovo Video: Working in the Big Data Mine Want more award-winning journalism? Subscribe to Insider Premium. Insider Premium {! insider.prices.premium !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Our award winning magazine, unlimited access to our story archive, special discounts to MIT Technology Review Events, and exclusive content. {! insider.buttons.premium.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. Access to the Magazine archive. Over 24,000 articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips. Special Discounts to select partner offerings Discount to MIT Technology Review events Ad-free web experience First Look. Exclusive early access to stories. Insider Conversations. Join in and ask questions as our editors talk to innovators from around the world. * {! insider.display.footerLabel !} See international prices See U.S. prices Revert to MIT Enterprise Forum pricing Revert to standard pricing The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Press Room Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe Become an Insider or Sign in for unlimited access  to online articles .
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Brexit Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations NI Assembly Election Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Billy on the box Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson Economy Watch Company Profiles Business Awards Food and Drink Awards Food & Drink Awards Guide Entertainment Horoscopes News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Food & Drink Magazine Food & Drink Awards Guide Features Books Running Women Awards Family Life December 2016 September 2016 April 2016 February 2016 Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Travel 2017 Travel Guide Video Search Go Home › Technology Google ordered to share Gmail messages from non-US users with FBI A similar case involving Microsoft last year had the opposite outcome Published 06/02/2017 0 Comments Share Google ordered to share Gmail messages from non-US users with FBI BelfastTelegraph.co.uk A Philadelphia judge has ruled that Google must comply with FBI search warrants for Gmail messages stored outside the US, if the requests are issued as part of a domestic fraud investigation. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/technology/google-ordered-to-share-gmail-messages-from-nonus-users-with-fbi-35427887.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/uk/article35427871.ece/7cd36/AUTOCROP/h342/Google.jpg Email Google plans to appeal the ruling A Philadelphia judge has ruled that Google must comply with FBI search warrants for Gmail messages stored outside the US, if the requests are issued as part of a domestic fraud investigation. “Though the retrieval of the electronic data by Google from its multiple data centres abroad has the potential for an invasion of privacy, the actual infringement of privacy occurs at the time of disclosure in the United States,” said US magistrate judge Thomas Rueter. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments The ruling could have major implications for non-US citizens’ privacy. Google plans to appeal the ruling, which was made barely half a year after a similar case involving Microsoft had the opposite outcome. Last July, a US court concluded that Microsoft should not be forced to hand emails stored on a server in Dublin over to US law enforcement, which wanted them as part of a narcotics case investigation. The Google verdict will concern privacy advocates and the wider technology industry, which has been particularly wary of the government's approach to online data since the Edward Snowden revelations. “The magistrate in this case departed from precedent, and we plan to appeal the decision,” said a Google spokesperson. “We will continue to push back on overbroad warrants.” Google added that it sometimes breaks up emails to improve its network’s performance, and often doesn’t know where messages are being stored. Independent News Service Your Comments COMMENT RULES: Comments that are judged to be defamatory, abusive or in bad taste are not acceptable and contributors who consistently fall below certain criteria will be permanently blacklisted. The moderator will not enter into debate with individual contributors and the moderator’s decision is final. It is Belfast Telegraph policy to close comments on court cases, tribunals and active legal investigations. We may also close comments on articles which are being targeted for abuse. Problems with commenting? customercare@belfasttelegraph.co.uk Powered by Livefyre Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Livefyre. Read More Apple's Tim Cook tells Theresa May he is 'very optimistic' about UK’s future after Brexit  Tim Cook has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Sky logging how many times internet customers share pirated content  The UK’s biggest internet service providers (ISPs) recently started sending “educational messages” to customers recorded using their web connection to share pirated content. 'I'll shoot down drones over my land,' warns Irish farmer after burglaries  An Irish farmer has insisted he will shoot down the next drone that appears over his property for fear it is being used by burglars to 'case out' his land. Humpty Dumpty reveals contacts with Russian spy agency  A member of a Russian hacking group involved in blackmailing top officials has said that it had contacts with Russia's top domestic security agency. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Video: Moment car transporter gets stuck under railway bridge in Northern Ireland  Video News PSNI investigating sudden death of officer at Portrush police station  Northern Ireland Slurry tanker crashes into Glenavy home  Northern Ireland Beautiful Armagh bride Sabrina Ryan died aged 32 - now her legacy is...  Northern Ireland Geese under loyalist paramilitaries' wing make Belfast Shankill estate home  Environment Geese under loyalist paramilitaries' wing make Belfast Shankill estate home  Environment Video: Moment car transporter gets stuck under railway bridge in Northern Ireland  Video News Daniel O'Donnell's final farewell song for mum Julia  Republic of Ireland Slurry tanker crashes into Glenavy home  Northern Ireland Medicinal cannabis set to be made available to patients in Republic of Ireland  Republic of Ireland John Lewis boss 'to size up Sprucefield on trip' 'I'll shoot down drones over my land,' warns Irish farmer after burglaries Fifty Shades Darker review: Threadbare plot and sex scenes accompanied by syrupy rock music Ref Smyth quits in wake of County Antrim Shield final furore Your internet history to be viewable by PSNI & taxman Digital Economy Bill force people to register for porn Technology Donald Trump could be banned from Twitter Technology Edward Snowden post-US election Q&A Technology Battlefield 1 review: 'One of the greatest' Technology Robot takeover: Government completely unprepared for automation and artificial... Technology Paralysed patients walk again after training with exoskeleton and virtual reality Technology Apple’s Philip Schiller interview: Touch Bars, headphone jacks and voice... Technology Tech billionaires convinced we live in the Matrix are secretly funding scientists to help... Technology Paralysed patients walk again after VR training Technology PlayStation VR: Sony releases virtual reality kit Technology Instagram to launch online shopping trial Offbeat UK's first professional drone race to be held in London Technology Art created using virtual reality headset to be exhibited at the Royal Academy Technology Oculus Rift UK and Europe release date Technology Facebook to start taking user data from WhatsApp Technology How is technology affecting our health? By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Brexit Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations NI Assembly Election Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Billy on the box Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson Economy Watch Company Profiles Business Awards Food and Drink Awards Food & Drink Awards Guide Entertainment Horoscopes News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Food & Drink Magazine Food & Drink Awards Guide Features Books Running Women Awards Family Life December 2016 September 2016 April 2016 February 2016 Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Travel 2017 Travel Guide Video Search Go
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Mobile World FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! Google Redesigns Maps for Android, Adds Quick Access to Commuting Info GO Google Maps users get shortcuts to various sections Feb 6, 2017 16:05 GMT  ·  By Alexandra Vaidos  ·  Share:  Google has just announced that it already started rolling out an update to its Google Maps application for Android-running smartphones and tablets. Maps is one of the most popular Google proprietary apps and the company often brings updates. But the latest changes the face of Maps and adds shortcuts to various sections. Google has decided to redesign Maps app for Android and is now bringing useful info at the bottom of the home screen. When you launch the app, you’ll be able to see three tabs for finding a nearby restaurant, checking out traffic conditions or seeing when the next bus arrives. The updated version of Maps features three tabs at the bottom - Places, Driving and Transit. The Places tab provides information on the best restaurants, arranged into categories like best dinners, cheap eats or business dining. It shows restaurants near you or a location of your choosing. You can also use it to search for ATMs, pharmacies, gas stations and grocery stores. Images and short descriptions are also provided under the tab. Places tab in Google Maps Driving and Transit tabs display real-time information Next up, the Driving tab displays real-time ETAs to and from work, together with nearby traffic conditions and expected delays. Tap on start driving to access driving mode and start the journey to your destination. Driving tab in tab in Google Maps Just like the Driving tab, the Transit tab requires you to provide your home and work addresses so that it can display recommendations of buses or trains, an ETA and the time that you would have to wait until your next bus arrives. A simple swipe down shows nearby stations and real-time schedules. Transit tab in Google Maps “Google Maps gives you personalized information about your world so you can make decisions and get around with confidence,” Google says. Indeed, Maps is an app used mostly on the go, which means that users do need to get quick access to features, without having to swipe through various sections. Google Maps redesigned Previous versions of Google Maps had driving and transit information in the side menu, together with other sections of the app. Their location wasn’t as intuitive and easy-to-access as it is in the new update.   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (5 Images) #Google#Google Maps#Android#Redesigned UI#Driving mode subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Google Maps gets redesigned (5 Images) 01 02 03 04 05 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Android Wear 2.0 and Google's Smartwatches to Be Announced on February 8 Google Play Store vs Apple’s App Store - A Comparison Google Maps Shows Parking Availability to Some Users Google Updates Maps for Android and iOS with New Ride Services Options Apple iPhone 8 Will Reportedly Feature An Iris Scanner Let’s Chat: Windows vs. Linux Windows Close to Defeating Linux: Munich Could Give Up on LiMux Samsung Galaxy S8’s Bixby To Be Based on S Voice, Not Viv Labs’ AI Tech Larger Samsung Galaxy S8 to be Dubbed S8+, Leaked Logo Reveals Mystery Solved: Why Windows Generic Drivers Are Dated June 21, 2006 LG G6 Confirmed to Feature Snapdragon 821 Chipset Microsoft Brings Windows 10 Mobile’s File Explorer on Xbox One 5 photos    Google Maps logo New Android APKs HideMy.name VPN APK: Updated February 8th, 08:39 GMT Microsoft Flow APK: Updated February 6th, 15:23 GMT Ghost Commander File Manager APK: Updated February 6th, 15:12 GMT Google Play Store APK: Updated February 6th, 15:09 GMT Skype Mingo APK: Updated February 6th, 15:01 GMT Waze APK: Updated February 6th, 14:58 GMT Duolingo APK: Updated February 5th, 08:44 GMT Reader comments Samsung Galaxy S8’s Bixby To Be Based on S Voice, Not Viv Labs’ AI Tech more on: Samsung i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Media BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Snap and Google have partnered on a new cloud storage deal BI Intelligence Feb. 6, 2017, 11:11 AM 2,270 facebook linkedin twitter email print BI Intelligence See Also Siri is coming to Apple Watch apps Voice apps are falling into the same traps as mobile apps MESSAGING APPS FOR PUBLISHERS REPORT: Why chat apps are now crucial for publishers This story was delivered to BI Intelligence Apps and Platforms Briefing subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. Snap and Google will be partnered for the next five years, according to Snap’s S-1 filing released last week. Completed on January 30, the deal commits Snap to purchasing $400 million in Google's cloud services annually until 2022, totaling $2 billion over the period. The new lease is a formal continuation of a partnership that began around 2013, TechCrunch notes.  The deal is a big win for Google Cloud, as mobile video is poised to make up a larger portion of the data storage space. Snapchat users are highly engaged, with the average daily user turning to the app 18 times each day, according to Snap's S-1. And although Google doesn’t break out revenue from its cloud business, instead lumping it together with nonadvertising, which includes the Google Play store, the $400 million deal will give it a hefty annual bump. In Q4 2016, nonadvertising accrued $3.4 billion in sales. Mobile video already accounts for more than half of all mobile traffic. In 2015, mobile video accounted for 55% of total mobile traffic. That’s set to reach 75% by 2020, according to Cisco. This means that in three years, 23 exabytes (23 billion gigabytes) of the 31 exabytes moving across networks each month in 2020 will be from mobile video. Mobile video is growing at a rapid pace. Data from mobile video will grow at an annualized rate of 62% between 2015 and 2020. That’s faster than the 53% average annual growth of overall mobile data over the same period, Cisco notes. Video-focused devices and apps will only compound mobile video’s share of mobile data. Devices such as augmented and virtual reality headsets, Spectacles, and video- and AR-enabled mobile apps (like Pokémon Go) from companies like Apple, will likely lead to an even greater shift in the share of data mobile video takes. Partnering with Google also gives Snap a foot in the door for future partnerships the two companies may make. For example, in early 2016, Google and Snap discussed partnering to develop a feature that would let a Snapchat user point their phone camera at an object to get information about it from Google’s search, according to Bloomberg. And while nothing has yet come of this discussion, it could point to similar future alliances. Cloud computing — on-demand, internet-based computing services — has been successfully applied to many computing functions in recent years. From consumer-facing, web-based productivity apps like Google Docs to enterprise database management suites, the tools businesses rely on are increasingly moving to the cloud. But developing a cloud strategy is no easy task. Public cloud solutions will likely come to dominate the market over the next decade, but business constraints, such as security concerns and the limitations of existing infrastructure, make it difficult for companies to fully adopt the public cloud right now. That means that hybrid clouds, in which multiple cloud implementations (including public and private) are connected, will remain popular for the time being, at least until these constraints are addressed. The tech giants that dominate the IaaS market — Amazon, IBM, Microsoft, and Google — are constantly expanding their offerings to address current business constraints as they compete for market share. Christina Anzalone, senior research analyst at BI Intelligence, Business Insider's premium research service, has compiled a detailed report on cloud computing that evaluates the current business considerations for the various cloud solutions and provides an outlook on the state of the market. Here are some of the key takeaways from the report:  Cloud computing solutions have gained traction because they're flexible and cost efficient. Sixty-seven percent of companies used an Infrastructure-as-a-Service solution in 2015, like the cloud, for some part of their business, up 19% from the prior year. All cloud solutions provide certain benefits that are becoming increasingly essential to businesses in the digital age. These include on-demand self-service, rapid elasticity, and broad network access, among others. Security needs, demand predictability, existing infrastructure, and maintenance capabilities are key business considerations for enterprises choosing between cloud implementations. While hybrid cloud strategies will remain popular in the near term, the market is likely to shift toward the public cloud over time. That's because costs are falling, providers are developing solutions that address main concerns with the public cloud, and business practices like agile development and data analytics are dependent on advantages the public cloud provides. However, industries that handle sensitive information, like financial services and healthcare, will likely prefer hybrid and private cloud strategies given regulatory restrictions. Amazon Web Services is the dominant cloud computing provider by market share, followed by Google, IBM, and Microsoft. Because the latter three companies have had little success taking on Amazon, market-share gains are likely to come at the expense of smaller competitors. In full, the report: Explains the different cloud computing strategies and benefits of cloud computing. Evaluates key business considerations – security needs, demand predictability, existing infrastructure, and maintenance capabilities – for enterprises choosing between cloud implementations. Provides and outlook for trends and major players in the cloud computing market. Interested in getting the full report? Here are two ways to access it: Subscribe to an All-Access pass to BI Intelligence and gain immediate access to this report and over 100 other expertly researched reports. As an added bonus, you'll also gain access to all future reports and daily newsletters to ensure you stay ahead of the curve and benefit personally and professionally. >> START A MEMBERSHIP Purchase & download the full report from our research store. >> BUY THE REPORT More: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Content Marketing Apps and Platforms Mobile Cloud Computing facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Snap and Google have partnered on a new cloud storage deal Snap and Google have partnered on a new cloud storage deal This story was delivered to BI Intelligence... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars APPS Google and Ivyrevel are building an Android app that suggests a dress based on your activity Jordan Novet@jordannovet February 6, 2017 8:00 AM Tags: Alphabet, e commerce, Google, Ivyrevel Above: The Ivyrevel app that designs a custom dress for you. Image Credit: Google Google today is announcing that it’s partnering with Ivyrevel, an online-only women’s fashion brand with financial backing from H&M, to build an Android app that will recommend a dress that users can buy — through the app, of course — based on data like location, physical activity, and weather. The custom dress design changes over time in response to the latest activity and is finalized after a week of user input. The data will be available to the app through the Awareness application programming interface (API), which Google first exposed last year, and, more specifically, through the Snapshot API. Of course, users must enable permissions for data to be collected and used this way. The app is in closed alpha before it becomes available to everyone this fall; Ivyrevel cofounder Kenza Zouiten has been testing it, along with “select global style influencers,” Google group creative business partner Jeremy Brook wrote in a blog post. Alongside the Nearby feature that relies on beacons, the Awareness API is one of Google’s recent efforts to help mobile developers build apps that stand out from the millions of others that are available. Perhaps not every fashionista will feel comfortable letting their mobile device do things with this level of data. Then again, having someone design custom clothing for you usually takes both time and money, so the Data Dress app may well appeal to some people. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics SHLD NVDA Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech > Xiaomi Was Going to Rival Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock — What Happened? After a rapid rise in the smartphone market, Xiaomi has stumbled badly By Brad Moon, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Feb 6, 2017, 10:50 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: Report: Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Could Cost More Than $1,000 (AAPL) Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Prime Air Drones Surprise in Super Bowl Ad No, Apple Inc. Is Not Releasing the iPhone 8 Early Recent Posts: Alphabet Inc. Takes Another Shot at Amazon With Home Control No, Apple Inc. Is Not Releasing the iPhone 8 Early Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Finally Fires Back at Apple With Android Wear 2.0 View All Posts Only a few years ago, Xiaomi was worrying Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) investors. Xiaomi had become the world’s third-largest smartphone manufacturer and was expanding into other products like fitness trackers, TVs and video streamers. It was valued at $45 billion, hired a prominent executive away from Alphabet Inc’s (NASDAQ:GOOG, NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google and planned an expansion into America. Source: Xiaomi Today? It has dropped out of the top five smartphone vendors list, marketshare in China has plummeted, the Google exec has jumped ship and some analysts are valuing the company as low as $3.6 billion. What happened to Xiaomi and is its threat to Apple truly neutralized? Or are the troubled Chinese tech giant’s plans merely on hold? Xiaomi’s Rapid Rise Privately held Xiaomi was founded in 2010, released its first smartphone in 2011 and rapidly gained popularity in China. The company offered high-quality in its smartphones, with low pricing –a combination that led to it being the top-selling smartphone brand in China by 2014. It came seemingly out of nowhere to capture the third place spot for worldwide smartphone sales that year as well. The feat was especially impressive given that Xiaomi was not selling its phones in the U.S. market. Like Apple, Google and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (OTCMKTS:SSNLF), the company wanted to expand into consumer electronics in general. That effort included the inexpensive Mi Band fitness tracker that vaulted Xiaomi into second place worldwide for wearable sales by 2015, behind only Fitbit Inc (NYSE:FIT). The company pursued a strategy of investing in hardware startups, buying into dozens of companies making everything from smart lighting to headphones and TVs. While these products are not always Xiaomi-branded, they are designed to all work well together. It also added software and services to the mix. Chinese Competition The success of Xiaomi spurred homegrown competition. Other Chinese manufacturers stepped up to the plate and followed Xiaomi’s formula. However, they did a better job of marketing to increasingly demanding Chinese consumers by charging a little more but offering more striking designs. One of these companies — Huawei — was good enough that Google partnered with it to build the Nexus 6P smartphone in 2015. Xiaomi’s phones seem lower quality than these competitors and rather than innovative, its designs are often seen as being too similar to Apple’s. At this point, Xiaomi has been leapfrogged by its Chinese smartphone rivals. While Xiaomi has dropped off the global top five smartphone manufacturer list, China’s Huawei, Oppo and Vivo currently hold the third, fourth and fifth places. American Obstacles Key to Xiaomi’s ambitions were an expansion into the U.S. market. To lead that effort, the company hired Hugo Barra — the VP who oversaw Android product management — from Google. However, Xiaomi’s U.S. push has failed to materialize. There are dozens of products Xiaomi offers online through its Mi Store (which carries only a fraction of Xiaomi’s and its partner companies’ gear), including eight different smartphone models, multiple smart TVs, VR headsets and even a self-balancing electric scooter. U.S. customers are limited to being able to buy a few sets of earbuds, a pair of headphones, a battery pack and a Bluetooth speaker. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/02/xiaomi-going-rival-apple-inc-aapl-stock/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans That Are Shooting Higher 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of TV 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise on Donald Trump-Shinzo Abe Summit 5 Income Tax Deductions You Can’t Afford to Miss Most Popular 7 Marvelous Mid-Cap Stocks to Buy for the Best of All Worlds 10 Super-Safe Dividend Growth Stocks to Buy Today 7 High-Risk, High-Reward Stocks to Buy Now 3 Warren Buffett Stocks to Buy in the Trump Era 5 Income Tax Deductions You Can’t Afford to Miss Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock Socks the Shorts With the Model 3 Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Home News Green Living Take Action Archive Investigations Multimedia Subscribers Area Calendar Green Directory Reviews Blogs and Comments newsletter Trial Investigations Ecologist Partners This month 30 years ago from the Ecologist archive Interviews Campaigning Galleries Guides 40 years ago NUS The Brofiscin Monsanto Files Satish's Diary Magazine Right of Reply Essays   Home | News | News SEARCH Trumpopaclyse? Photo: IoSonoUnaFotoCamera via Flickr (CC BY-SA). More articles about nuclear | war | politics | science | USA | Russia | Latvia | Related Articles Ecologist Special Report: Ecological Conservation in Post-Conflict Colombia TPP and TTIP are not dead: now they're called the Trade In Services Agreement Vaccines, mercury and thimerosal: let the science speak! Not just Toshiba - the global nuclear industry is in crisis everywhere Exposed: Coca Cola's big 'fight back' against tackling plastic waste Trumpocalypse now! But can we believe the Doomsday Clock? Chris Busby 6th February 2017 Tweet The election of President Trump is driving the planet towards oblivion - according to the elite scientific body behind the Doomsday Clock, writes Chris Busby. But isn't Trump's commitment to reduce East-West antagonism and ally with Russia's President Putin against terrorism reducing the risk of nuclear war? So far, Trump is sticking to his promises. Let this one be no exception! So what is the real Doomsday threat? It is the US and British obsession with Russia, the tail of the cold war guard dog of the spy novels, which seems to have taken on a life of its own, long after the dog itself became obsolete and unnecessary. "This is the way the World ends-not with a bang, but a whimper." TS Eliot; The Hollow Men, 1925 The 'Doomsday Clock' has just been moved 30 seconds closer to midnight by 'scientists', complete with video (see below) and a scary film music accompaniment. The Doomsday Clock appeared in 1947 at the beginning of the nuclear arms race. Everyone was reeling from the photographs of the vapourisation of Hiroshima. It was thought that atomic war would wipe out everyone on earth. This almost happened when I was a young man, culminating in the 1962 Cuban Missile Crisis which the top page of Google informs us was a "direct and dangerous confrontation between the United States and the Soviet Union during the Cold War." I didn't need to go to Google to find this out. It was a defining moment in my life, and the lives of my friends. Women then were refusing to have children because they didn't want them to live in a world of fear and probable atomisation. We moved to the Welsh mountains in a pathetic attempt to do something, anything, and stocked up with food. In America there was a brisk trade in fallout shelters. It was my friend, the late Ernest Sternglass, who stopped the atmospheric testing, by getting to JFK with the calculation that several million children had died from exposure to fallout Strontium-90, building up in the milk and their bones, seeds planted for the global cancer epidemic which began 20 years later [1]. The Doomsday clock about nuclear annihilation, is a simple illustration of the fact that life on Earth had been around for billions of years but that Clever Old Man had developed a system that could switch it off with an hour-long firework extravaganza. Now it has been extended to global warming, virus pandemics, and more or less anything that the media have decided makes a good story. The clock has been advanced to two and a half minutes to midnight. By Scientists. Let's think about this a bit. Scientists! What scientists? The clock is not a scientific concept. It is an emotional cry for help. What are these scientists using as data for their decision? In the last ten years, for all sorts of reasons relating to the destabilization of the world through various obviously organised operations (Twin Towers, Al Quaeda, Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, Egypt, Syria etc.) a kind of continuous bombing operation or poor countries has contributed to profits of arms manufacturers. Added to all this is the US abandonment of the arms limitation agreements and the re-investment in missile development. We see NATO creeping closer to Russia, and the absurd attempts by the US to bring Ukraine into the operation. Is this why the clock has been moved? No. It is Donald Trump. On the top page of Google (again) we see that the Guardian, Telegraph and 'Science' blame the movement of the clock hands on the election of Mr Trump. ABC seems to think it is global warming. But global warming, even in worst case scenarios (and I have myself followed this and made my own calculations) wont wipe out life on Earth, except indirectly by creating resource wars which might go nuclear. And a virus pandemic would always have some survivors. Total nuclear exchange would not: so that is what we are dealing with. It is a very real possibility. But not because of Donald Trump. What I see in the election of Trump, and in Brexit also, is a spontaneous creation of civil society, in countries which have seen their lives ruined by globalisation and what has been called 'the new world order'. Outrageous, flamboyant, petulant? For sure. But world destroyer? What I see in Mr Trump is an independent flamboyant showman, along the lines of an earlier US President Andrew Jackson, a man who also despised and tried to destroy the US establishment. I have a lot of time for people like this, being a version myself; I watched the media system doing their uttermost to paint Trump as a madman. Trump clearly thinks outside the system of smoke and mirrors that passes for western media news, the constructions on the web and TV and newspapers which are increasingly spun and slanted with nonsense and demonstrable lies about the state of the world. So if I was running the Doomsday clock, the election of Trump would make me put the clock back rather than closer to annihilation. He doesn't trust the US security services. Does anyone? He disassociates his Presidency from the collection of dodgy characters previously running the US global domination operation, including all the presidents in living memory. The votes for Trump and not for Hilary were the eventual revolution against the fat-cat control of America and its continuous war against the people on the planet, fought as if the world were a battleground that it had to dominate. The war machine built up in the post World War II period until the demise of Hilary Clinton is well known to readers of spy novels and if not, can be seen by anyone who looks at the history. It was fuelled by paranoia about Communism (even a child would say that this is a just idea and indeed is at the base of Christianity) and the immense amounts of power and wealth associated with developing and manufacturing weapons. Russian aggression? Where is the real threat coming from? When the Soviet Union broke up and could no longer justify the huge US military budget, other enemies had to be found. Bombs had to be dropped on someone, in order to order new ones. Hence the continuous and endless wars about 'democracy' and 'freedom'. Let's look some scenarios. How big an exchange would represent apocalypse? A baseline is that there were a huge number of nuclear weapons tested in the atmosphere in the period 1952-1963. The peak in radioactive fallout was from 1959 and 1963. This did not wipe out humanity, although there was a mini nuclear winter in the 60s. The European Committee on Radiation Risk [2] estimated some 60 million extra cancers together with a few million dead babies (about 0.2% of births) as consequence. But we are all (just about) still around. Nuclear exchanges between India and Pakistan, or Israel and Iran will not do. The number of warheads involved would result in some mega-Hiroshimas, the global fallout contamination would jump, but not an end of the world. The combined yield of the approximately 100+100 warheads (say 200kT each) just about equal the yield of the 1962 Tsar Bomba 40Mt test on its own. And Iran has no nuclear weapons: but even if it had, an Israel-Iran exchange would be even more feeble than India Pakistan. North Korea? The same. As for China, it has no real enemies, and the Chinese have always been traders rather than invaders. China is doing alright and doesn't need to attack anyone. So what is the real Doomsday threat? It is the US and British obsession with Russia, the tail of the cold war guard dog of the spy novels, which seems to have taken on a life of its own, long after the dog itself became obsolete and unnecessary. It is the sabre-rattling encroachment of NATO on the borders of Russia. It is the deployment of sophisticated (and enormously expensive) antimissile systems in countries like Rumania and Poland. It is the crazy NATO and US generals who want to (and have) put troops and battle-tanks and helicopters in the Baltic States (where I live), on the basis that the expansionist Russians are intent on marching over the borders of Latvia and taking back their lost empire. Which they easily could, by the way, since the Russian military far out-guns the pathetic armies of NATO running about on the Baltic and Polish borders. A worms' eye view from the Baltic I live near Riga. Since I moved there in 2010 I have seen the NATO infestation of the country. Big new tanks with the Latvian Flag rumble though the villages, and helicopters thud overhead disturbing the badgers and deer in the forest. Russia has no need to invade Latvia; it can get what it wants or needs. In fact it is the other way round. Latvia needs Russia. But the media whip up a frenzy of fear, that there will be a Russian invasion, like the one in Ukraine. There is even a book about this insanity, written by a general, retired Deputy NATO commander Sir Richard Shirreff. Like most things in politics, this is about money. The people who make the money control the Media which demonises Trump because he won't follow the master plan to globalise the planet, drive down unit costs by moving production to the lowest wages and control it's diminishing resources (oil) whilst making huge amounts of money for the military and the arms manufacturers, Raytheon, Boeing, McDonnell Douglas et al. involved in the endless global battlefield. I was invited to the Perdana Foundation's Criminalize War conference in Kuala Lumpur, and spoke with Tun Mahatir Mohammed, whose brilliant idea it was [3]. Since then Ditta Rietuma and I have made presentations from conferences in Latvia and Sweden about the dangers of nuclear war, what is driving it, and specifically about this most dangerous confrontation between the USA and NATO and Russia. Now, let's hope Trump makes good his most important election promise ... The election of Trump, who (sensibly) sees no reason why the USA should continue to pay for NATO, is a good thing. His promise to de-escalate tensions between the US and Russia was popular and surely the best of all reasons to vote for him! Finally: one thing. The real Doomsday clock passed midnight long ago. The mad race to extinction fuelled by the market-forces laissez faire western system created a monster: a system which is not really controlled by anyone, but drives itself with only one imperative-to become richer and more powerful, so as to become richer and more powerful. The monster has no soul; it was not constructed to look after life on the planet. Following nuclear fallout, and nuclear energy accidents, Depleted Uranium, and now fracking, background radioactivity continuously increases. The fertility rate is falling. IVF is advancing. Cancer is an epidemic in real terms. This is the way the world ends. Not with a bang but a whimper.     Chris Busby is an expert on the health effects of ionizing radiation. He qualified in Chemical Physics at the Universities of London and Kent, and worked on the molecular physical chemistry of living cells for the Wellcome Foundation. Professor Busby is the Scientific Secretary of the European Committee on Radiation Risk based in Brussels and has edited many of its publications since its founding in 1998. He has held a number of honorary University positions, including Visiting Professor in the Faculty of Health of the University of Ulster. Busby currently lives in Riga, Latvia. See also: chrisbusbyexposed.org, greenaudit.org and llrc.org. This article is the unedited version of one originally published on RT.   Previous Articles... | Permalink | Trackbacks (0) | Email a Friend | Print this ECOLOGIST COOKIES Using this website means you agree to us using simple cookies. More information here...   FOLLOW THE ECOLOGIST  
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Google Maps Makes It Easier To Find Real-Time Commute Info By Adnan Farooqui on 02/06/2017 07:55 PST Google today rolled out an update to Google Maps for Android which makes it easy to find real-time commute information. Once the app is updated, users can simply swipe up to see three tabs that will help them find a nearby restaurant, beat traffic, or catch the next available bus. This new feature was actually spotted about a month back in the beta version so it’s good that Google has now finally released it for all Android users. The places tab is going to host a curated list of places to eat and drink around the user’s location or any location that they choose. It will only take an additional tap to search for other frequent spots like ATMs, gas stations, pharmacies, and grocery stores. The driving tab will provide real-time ETAs on home and work provided users have their home and work addresses saved in Google Maps. They will also see a nearby traffic conditions report and expected delays on their way back. Last but not the least, the transit tab is going to provide recommendations for buses or trains to take home, when the next one will arrive, and an ETA for their destination. It will also require home and work addresses to be saved in the app. The updated Google Maps for Android app is out now and available for download via the Google Play Store. Filed in Cellphones. Read more about Android, Apps and Google Maps. Source: blog.google Related Articles 2017-01-26 Google Maps Now Predicts Parking Availability 2017-01-26 Google Maps For iOS Now Shows ‘Popular Times’ 2017-01-18 Google Maps For Web Now Has Notifications 2017-01-17 Google Maps Now Showing Parking Suggestions For Some Users 2016-09-12 Latest Google Maps Beta Shows Distance In Search 2016-09-11 Google Maps Beta Has A New ‘Explore’ Interface 2016-06-29 Google Maps For Android Now Supports Multiple Destinations 2016-06-03 Google Maps For Android Has A Beta Channel You Can Signup For Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Circuit Breaker Google Tech Google is helping H&M construct a custom dress based on your personal data New, 3 comments by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman Feb 6, 2017, 11:00am EST share tweet Linkedin Google / Ivyrevel Google is teaming up with digital fashion house Ivyrevel, which is supported by H&M Group, in an attempt to make data fashionable. The two companies are working together on an Android app that’ll track wherever users go, the weather where they live, and whether they’re having casual or formal hangs. With that information, Ivyrevel will design an individualized “data dress” users can buy. How exactly will the dress visualize data? It’s not totally clear, but based off images, it seems the dress will be fitted for formal or casual occasions and then details on it will be attributed to certain things. So because it’s cold in Sweden, the dress will be made of black velvet, and because the wearer likes to go out dancing, it’ll have diamond details. I guess this kind of makes sense. You just have to have a liberal interpretation of data and be willing to use your imagination. While the dress itself won’t have much tech in it, like lights or a built-in fitness tracker (at least from what we can tell), Google is very excited about the tech it took to get to the dress. The app relies on Google’s Awareness API, which basically makes use of all the sensors on a phone. It can detect whether a person is walking or driving, it picks up on nearby Bluetooth beacons, knows whether headphones are plugged in, detects exact location, and remembers weather conditions. It’s slightly creepy, sure, but you’re going to have to give up some privacy expectations if you want a customized data dress. The app is currently in a closed alpha stage but will launch in beta later this year. Ivyrevel says it hopes to start the dress pricing at $99, but that’s subject to change. Are you ready to show the world your data? Next Up In Circuit Breaker First photo of Magic Leap prototype leaks The LG Watch Sport and Watch Style are now available to order I really love this little USB-C laptop wall charger Fine, professionals, you can have a curved display, but it’s not going to look cool Android’s convenient Instant Tethering is now rolling out to Pixel and Nexus devices This might be the logo for Samsung’s Bixby AI assistant Now Trending Congressman is righteously booed after dodging a young girl’s simple question about science Android’s convenient Instant Tethering is now rolling out to Pixel and Nexus devices This Article has a component height of 4. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest Circuit Breaker Tech Augmented Reality First photo of Magic Leap prototype leaks by Nick Statt@nickstatt Magic Leap, a secretive augmented reality startup, is not so secretive these days. An image of a prototype device was just leaked to Business Insider, which says the source referred to the device as "PEQ0,” a stand-in derived from an internal... New, 20 comments Microsoft Tech Amazon See how old Amazon’s AI thinks you are by Nick Statt@nickstatt Amazon’s latest artificial intelligence tool is a piece of image recognition software that can learn to guess a human’s age. The feature is powered by Amazon’s Rekognition platform, which is a developer toolkit that exists as part of the company’s... New, 4 comments Policy & Law US & World Tech Russia reportedly considering sending Snowden back to US as a ‘gift’ to Trump by Nick Statt@nickstatt Russian officials have discussed the possibility of extraditing whistleblower Edward Snowden to the US as a way to improve political relations with President Trump, according to NBC News. The report cites an unnamed US official who has analyzed... New, 25 comments Movie Review Entertainment Film John Wick: Chapter 2 recaptures the original’s style, but with fewer surprises by Tasha Robinson Here’s the important thing about John Wick: Chapter 2: it’s a grim, brutal, airless action film full of doggy reaction shots. The original 2014 John Wick was a surprise hit about an unstoppable assassin who’s dragged out of retirement for a few... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Gadgets Tech The LG Watch Sport and Watch Style are now available to order by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman Google officially launched Android Wear 2.0 this week with the LG Watch Sport and Watch Style. They’re both now available to order through the Google Store, although the titanium version of the Sport already appears to have sold out. Best Buy is... New, 1 comment Apple Tech Virtual Reality Tim Cook says augmented reality is ‘a big idea like the smartphone’ by Nick Statt@nickstatt It’s no secret that Apple’s culture of secrecy forbids even the most powerful at the company from spilling details about upcoming products. But, as CEO Tim Cook has illustrated frequently in the past, there are ways to drop hints and talk around... New, 10 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad BT supports Google's Android in EU antitrust row By Reuters Published: 10:36 EST, 6 February 2017 | Updated: 10:36 EST, 6 February 2017 e-mail LONDON, Feb 6 (Reuters) - BT has become the first major telecoms company to back Google in a battle with EU regulators, defending the "stability and compatibility" of the Android operating system, which is in the sights of anti-trust regulators. The EU says Google stifles competition by forcing smartphone makers to pre-install its search function and browser to access its other apps, such as Google Play, on Android. EU regulators were already investigating the U.S. company over the promotion of its own shopping service in its search engine before they opened a second front last year. "We can confirm that our legal team has written to the European Commission regarding their investigation," said a spokesman for BT. "We told them BT is free to pre-install its own or third party apps on devices alongside pre-loaded Google apps." It was not clear why BT, which bought the EE mobile phone brand last year, had decided to go public on its position. The EC has said that Google keeps a grip on the development of Android, which is an open source system, by requiring phone manufacturers to agree not to sell devices running on modified versions if they wanted to pre-install Google apps. Critics claim Google is stifling innovation and the development of competing platforms, but BT said tight control over the platform was a positive not a negative. "We also said that, as an app provider, we value the ongoing stability and compatibility of operating systems, whether they are 'open source' or 'closed source'," the spokesman said. Google has said the Android system carefully balances the interests of users, developers, hardware makers and mobile network operators. "Android hasn't hurt competition, it's expanded it," the company's lawyers said in November. The company has also said the case is based on a flawed premise because it does not see Apple's operating system as a rival to Android. (Reporting by Paul Sandle; Editing by Keith Weir) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter Close Sign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Desktop Hardware Desktop Software Laptops Alphr Cloud Pro Channel Pro Search Search Sections News Reviews In-depth App Business travel Innovation at Work Leadership Whitepapers You are here: Home Strategy News Slack and Tesla join tech firms fighting Trump's travel ban Slack and Tesla join tech firms fighting Trump's travel ban Share twitter linkedin facebook google+ email Adam Shepherd, Joe Curtis News 7 Feb, 2017 127 tech firms now support legal challenge to Trump's executive order Dozens more tech firms have lent their support to a legal challenge to President Donald Trump's controversial immigration ban, joining 96 other signatories. In total, more than 120 companies are backing an 'amicus brief', a legal document offering official support to the State of Washington in its case against the president's 90-day travel ban affecting seven countries whose populations are mostly Muslim. The executive order, issued by the president in late January, blocked travellers from seven predominantly Muslim countries from entering the US, before being temporarily struck down by a federal judge. A fierce battle is now underway in attempts to determine the legitimacy of the ban. As well as public condemnation from activists, civil rights groups and world leaders, the travel ban has also drawn sharp criticism from Silicon Valley. Virtually every major tech company has slammed the order, and the list of firms officially opposing it is now a who's-who of top tech talent. Alongside luminaries like Google, Facebook, Citrix and Microsoft, the list is now joined by HP Inc, Adobe, Slack, Brocade and more. In what may be a particularly embarrassing blow to the president, Elon Musk's companies, Tesla and SpaceX, are also part of the latest batch of additions. Musk sits on the president's Strategic and Policy Forum, an advisory panel that meets with Trump regularly. Although Musk's role on the panel has drawn condemnation from some quarters, he maintains that he does not support or endorse the current administration, He also argued that it was important he advise Trump - precisely because he does not agree with him. Activists should be pushing for more moderates to advise President, not fewer. How could having only extremists advise him possibly be good? — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) February 5, 2017 The brief was filed on Sunday on behalf of 96 tech signatories, saying Trump's travel ban was harmful to business. Travellers from Syria, Iran, Iraq, Libya, Sudan, Yemen and Somalia were affected by the ban, but a Washington state legal challenge led to a federal judge temporarily blocking the order. An appeals court rejected a White appeal, and now a full case must be heard from the justice department as well as two states who mounted the legal challenge, Washington and Minnesota. A decision is expected later this month, but will only determine whether the travel ban should be kept on hold or not while courts decide on its legality. 06/02/2017: 100 tech firms say Trump's travel ban is bad for business Nearly 100 tech companies including Apple, Box, Intel and Google have signed a legal document saying their "operations are affected" by US President Donald Trump's travel ban. The executive order imposing the 90-day ban on travel from seven Muslim-majority countries is already the subject of several legal challenges, including one from the state of Washington, which has called it "unlawful and unconstitutional". A total of 97 tech firms filed an amicus brief to the US's Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, arguing that the travel ban is economically harmful and that it represents a significant break with the US's previous immigration stance. "The Order represents a significant departure from the principles of fairness and predictability that have governed the immigration system of the United States for more than fifty years," the brief, also signed by the likes of Airbnb, Microsoft and Lyft, states. "The Order inflicts significant harm on American business, innovation, and growth as a result. The Order makes it more difficult and expensive for US companies to recruit, hire, and retain some of the world's best employees. It disrupts ongoing business operations. And it threatens companies' ability to attract talent, business, and investment to the United States." By filing the brief, the companies hope to demonstrate the travel ban will harm US businesses' operations and that it is unlawful. Trump's executive order, issued on 27 January, banned travellers and refugees from Syria, Iran, Iraq, Libya, Sudan, Yemen and Somalia. Critics claim the ban is anti-religious, something the Trump administration denies. During his campaign, Trump discussed the idea of building a database of Muslims. Washington state's attorney general, Bob Ferguson, filed the legal challenge to Trump's travel ban that resulted in a Seattle federal judge temporarily blocking the order from being enforced nationwide last Friday. An appeals court rejected the White House's appeal on Saturday, meaning the case must be heard in full, with both Washington and Minnesota states, as well as the justice department, being asked to give more evidence today, before an expected decision later this month. That decision only concerns whether the ban should remain on hold while courts decide on its legality. Main image: Tony Webster See related  TechUK brands Tier 2 immigration visa reforms 'disappointing' US voter traffic crashes New Zealand immigration site What can - or should - tech do about Trump's travel ban? 01/02/2017: Amazon offers legal backing to fight Trump travel ban Amazon boss Jeff Bezos has said he'll fight against Donald Trump's controversial immigration policies in court in letter sent to employees at the company. Bezos explained he's supporting the Washington State attorney general, the first state official to say they will be suing Trump over his executive order. “We reached out to congressional leaders on both sides of the aisle to explore legislative options. Our legal team has prepared a declaration of support for the Washington state attorney general who will be filing suit against the order. We are working other legal options as well,” said Bezos. On Saturday evening, Amazon issued its first letter to employees saying anyone affected by Trump's immigration policy will recieve the full support of the company. It urged those affected by the ban not to leave the country and said it would offer legal resources for those originating from the seven countries Trump has blacklisted, as well as their families. "From the very beginning, Amazon has been committed to equal rights, tolerance and diversity – and we always will be," the company said in its statement. Bezos joins other tech leaders including Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and Netflix CEO Reed Hastings, who have both offered their support for company employees who may be affected by the policy. Travel service Expedia's boss also announced his distaste for Trump's executive order. “The president’s order represents the worst of his proclivity toward rash action versus thoughtfulness. Ours is a nation of immigrants. These are our roots, this is our soul. All erased with the stroke of a pen.” 30/01/2017: Tim Cook slams Trump's immigration policies Apple's CEO, Tim Cook, has hit out at US president Donald Trump's immigration policies, saying the company would not exist if it weren't for immigrants being allowed to move freely across borders. “Apple would not exist without immigration, let alone thrive and innovate the way we do,” wrote Cook in an email to Apple staff obtained by tech website Recode. “I've heard from many of you who are deeply concerned about the executive order issued yesterday restricting immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries. I share your concerns. It is not a policy we support.” He quoted civil rights campaigner Martin Luther King in the email, saying: "We may have all come on different ships, but we are in the same boat now," which at least went some way to explain how Apple would support those who may no longer be able to re-enter the country or could be subjected to tougher reforms in the future. He told employees Apple would support any employee who feels they are at risk and he will work closely with the company's HR, legal and security teams to give them the help they need to remain in the country. "As I've said many times, diversity makes our team stronger," he said. "And if there’s one thing I know about the people at Apple, it’s the depth of our empathy and support for one another. It’s as important now as it’s ever been, and it will not weaken one bit. I know I can count on all of you to make sure everyone at Apple feels welcome, respected and valued." President Trump's executive order restricts immigration from seven Muslim countries for 90 days, suspends any refugees trying to enter the country for 120 days and bars all Syrians seeking refuge indefinitely. Read more about Strategy Donald Trump Apple Tim Cook View the discussion thread. Get the ITPro Newsletter Get FREE weekly newsletters from ITPro - delivering the latest news, reviews, insight and case studies. Click here Featured Whitepapers Latest in Strategy IT spending to hit $2.4 trillion in 2017 News Tim Cook on Brexit: it'll be fine News What is DevOps? In-depth Is Intel's US factory pledge all that it seems? Analysis Driverless cars: UK to introduce two-in-one insurance for driverless cars News See all Popular Raspberry Pi 4: Raspberry Pi gets AI Desktop Hardware Tim Cook on Brexit: it'll be fine Strategy GDS prioritises data and digital skills in new strategy Government IT Strategy Oculus Rift release date, price and system requirements: Zuckerberg shows off prototype Rift gloves for VR typing Desktop Hardware Android Nougat release date, name and features: Google is getting rid of Android's Google Now Launcher Android Contact us Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Useful links Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Contact us About us Company Website Feeds Privacy Notice Authors Sitemap Our Websites Auto Express Evo Coach Micro Mart Alphr Know Your Mobile Classic & Performance Car Expert Reviews Channel Pro Digital SLR Photography Den of Geek The Week Computer Shopper Magazines Health & Fitness CarBuyer Cloud Pro MagBooks Cyclist TablePouncer © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video BT supports Google's Android in EU antitrust row Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology News | Mon Feb 6, 2017 | 10:41am EST BT supports Google's Android in EU antitrust row A Google search page is reflected in sunglasses in this photo illustration taken in Brussels May 30, 2014. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir/File Photo LONDON BT (BT.L) has become the first major telecoms company to back Google (GOOGL.O) in a battle with EU regulators, defending the "stability and compatibility" of the Android operating system, which is in the sights of anti-trust regulators. The EU says Google stifles competition by forcing smartphone makers to pre-install its search function and browser to access its other apps, such as Google Play, on Android. EU regulators were already investigating the U.S. company over the promotion of its own shopping service in its search engine before they opened a second front last year. "We can confirm that our legal team has written to the European Commission regarding their investigation," said a spokesman for BT. "We told them BT is free to pre-install its own or third party apps on devices alongside pre-loaded Google apps." It was not clear why BT, which bought the EE mobile phone brand last year, had decided to go public on its position. The EC has said that Google keeps a grip on the development of Android, which is an open source system, by requiring phone manufacturers to agree not to sell devices running on modified versions if they wanted to pre-install Google apps. Critics claim Google is stifling innovation and the development of competing platforms, but BT said tight control over the platform was a positive not a negative. "We also said that, as an app provider, we value the ongoing stability and compatibility of operating systems, whether they are 'open source' or 'closed source'," the spokesman said. Google has said the Android system carefully balances the interests of users, developers, hardware makers and mobile network operators. "Android hasn't hurt competition, it's expanded it," the company's lawyers said in November. The company has also said the case is based on a flawed premise because it does not see Apple's (AAPL.O) operating system as a rival to Android. (Reporting by Paul Sandle; Editing by Keith Weir) Next In Technology News Facebook to provide ad data for independent audit Facebook Inc said it would provide information about ads displayed on its platform for an audit, months after the social network admitted to overstating key ad metrics. FCC spectrum auction bidding ends at $19.6 billion WASHINGTON The U.S. Federal Communications Commission said Friday that bidding in the wireless spectrum auction has ended at $19.6 billion, significantly less than many analysts had initially forecast. Ford to invest $1 billion in autonomous vehicle tech firm Argo AI SAN FRANCISCO Ford Motor Co plans to invest $1 billion over the next five years in tech startup Argo AI to help the Detroit automaker reach its goal of producing a self-driving vehicle for commercial ride sharing fleets by 2021, the companies announced on Friday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Editorial Transportation Cars Trump is turning Elon Musk into a crony capitalist New, 108 comments Staying in the president’s good graces is crucial to Musk’s success by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom Feb 6, 2017, 9:00am EST share tweet Linkedin Alongside “alternative facts” and “night Twitter,” “crony capitalism” has become a key phrase for the Trump era. The term describes a market where success is determined by political favor rather than consumer choice. Modern Russia is a classic example: if you want to succeed in the Russian oil business, you’re better off making friends with Putin than studying up on drill mechanics. The US isn’t quite there yet, but when Trump starts badgering companies to keep factories in the US — while refusing to divest from his own globe-spanning real estate business — many see a new era of US crony capitalism in the making. Picking winners and losers is a troubling government practice for lots of reasons, but it’s particularly embarrassing for the businesses playing the game. If a company spends enough energy currying favor with the government, it starts to look like it’s doing so at the expense of its own product. What’s the point of building Google when the government can force everyone to use Alta Vista? Musk is working hard to make friends with Donald Trump It’s surprising, then, to see Elon Musk working so hard to make friends with Donald Trump. Musk is usually held up as a model entrepreneur — someone using bold ideas and compelling products to tackle some of the world’s most urgent problems. But since Trump was elected, he’s been behaving an awful lot like a crony capitalist. The Tesla and SpaceX CEO joined the president’s Strategic and Policy Forum in December, and raised eyebrows among climate hawks by defending Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson’s bid for secretary of state the following month. More recently, Musk joined CEOs from across the industry in condemning Trump’s haphazard immigration restrictions, but it came just as Musk was joining up to Trump’s Manufacturing Jobs Initiative. Thus far, he’s shown no sign of withdrawing from the initiative, or the larger advisory forum. Even Travis Kalanick, usually cast as the Lex Luthor of the tech world, bowed out of the president’s advisory group after facing boycotts from riders and drivers alike. Musk has also bowed out of some of the new administration’s biggest legal fights. On Saturday, 97 tech companies filed a joint amicus brief against Trump’s immigration ban, a tangible show of legal resistance against the controversial order. Signers included Apple, Google, Microsoft, Uber, and even Musk’s old home PayPal. Tesla and SpaceX were notably absent from the list. Suddenly, Musk is the only tech CEO working to stay on the new president’s good side. (Update: Tesla and SpaceX joined the lawsuit on the afternoon of February 6th, after this piece was published.) Activists should be pushing for more moderates to advise President, not fewer. How could having only extremists advise him possibly be good?— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) February 5, 2017 Musk has defended his advisory role as a way to influence Trump for the better, particularly on issues of climate and space travel. Over the weekend, he touted two small successes, adding the travel bans to the agenda at a White House meeting and raising the issue of climate change to the same group. In each case, it’s hard to say how effective he was at influencing policy. Given the largely ceremonial role of both groups, there’s plenty of reason to be skeptical. There’s also a more cynical explanation. Musk’s businesses have long benefited from government support, and given Trump’s eagerness to throw elbows, there’s reason to think that support might melt away if the president felt slighted. That’s not normally how we think of Musk, who’s more associated with startup self-reliance than government largesse — but the dynamic was in place long before Trump arrived on the scene. Musk always had the soft power of government on his side, and it’s been an important force in making his ambitious bets pay off. The political winds may have shifted, but Musk can’t. This is the logic of crony capitalism: if you want to survive, you have to stay on the ruler’s good side. For Tesla, government support is often quite direct. Right now, every Tesla buyer in the US walks off the lot with a $7,500 federal tax credit, with additional credits ranging up to $25,000 depending on the state and model. A similar credit lets you deduct up to 30 percent of the cost of home solar panels, a tax break that has fueled the growth of Musk’s SolarCity business, which recently merged with Tesla. If Trump ever turned on Musk, the damage to his companies would be immediate and disastrous There are good policy arguments for each credit — particularly the solar installations, which can play a crucial role in the larger power grid. But those federal tax breaks have been central factors in Tesla and SolarCity’s success, and both businesses will be badly damaged if the measures are revoked. With Trump and congressional Republicans eager to roll back environmental measures, it’s not hard to imagine those tax breaks coming under fire in the next budget. Beyond the federal subsidies, Musk’s businesses have benefited from a number of local tax breaks and one-off grants, with some estimates putting the total amount of government subsidy as high as $4.5 billion. There’s also SpaceX, which relies heavily on federal contracts as well as the broader push toward privatized space flight. Those aren’t necessarily bad deals for the government, and I don’t bring them up to cast Musk as a freeloader. Tesla and SpaceX really do create jobs and solve problems that governments otherwise couldn’t. But the sheer scale of the subsidies shows how much Musk would have to lose in a protracted feud with the president, and how vulnerable he is to the logic of crony capitalism. If Trump ever turned on Musk, the damage to his companies would be immediate and disastrous. Like a Russian oligarch, his success depends on staying in the government’s good favor. It’s hard to say how this bargain ends Musk is not alone in this. Nearly all of the businesses he’s disrupting are more reliant on government support — most notably the Detroit automakers, the United Launch Alliance, and the oil industry in general. Most major corporations benefit from government policy in some way, if only through trade and tax deals. We’ve seen CEOs from Ford, AT&T, and Boeing all playing nice with Trump for similar reasons. But while it’s common in the business world at large, that dynamic is still rare among recently founded tech companies, which often take a more adversarial stance toward the public sector. The comparison to Uber is instructive: having spent years waging total war against municipal governments, Kalanick and his company now have more to fear from drivers and customers than the president. It’s hard to say how this bargain ends. Trump’s executive order on immigration was his administration’s first major flash point, but less than a month into his first term, it won’t be the last. The threat to Tesla and SpaceX will remain constant, while the cost of aligning with Trump will only grow. Musk’s bet may still pay off like he wants, with greater influence and better policy, but it seems less likely by the day. Instead, he may join Chris Christie and Ted Cruz as would-be advisors who lost their dignity trying to stay in Trump’s good graces. For a business hero like Musk, that would be a long way to fall. 5:49PM ET: Updated to reflect SpaceX and Tesla’s newly announced participation in the lawsuit challenging Trump’s executive order. Next Up In Transportation Ford is giving Google and Uber veterans $1 billion to build a self-driving car brain Elon Musk accuses the UAW of paying an employee to unionize Tesla Dodge’s repurposed parking sensors let cops know if anyone is sneaking up on them Ousted Hyperloop One founder Brogan BamBrogan just started a new company Google Maps engineer who pioneered Street View is now working for Lyft Airlines ask Trump to modernize the air traffic control system Now Trending Congressman is righteously booed after dodging a young girl’s simple question about science Android’s convenient Instant Tethering is now rolling out to Pixel and Nexus devices First photo of Magic Leap prototype leaks This $500 plug-and-play robot arm is designed to be a desktop friend for DIY engineers Russia reportedly considering sending Snowden back to US as a ‘gift’ to Trump This Article has a component height of 24. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Circuit Breaker Tech Augmented Reality First photo of Magic Leap prototype leaks by Nick Statt@nickstatt Magic Leap, a secretive augmented reality startup, is not so secretive these days. An image of a prototype device was just leaked to Business Insider, which says the source referred to the device as "PEQ0,” a stand-in derived from an internal... New, 21 comments Microsoft Tech Amazon See how old Amazon’s AI thinks you are by Nick Statt@nickstatt Amazon’s latest artificial intelligence tool is a piece of image recognition software that can learn to guess a human’s age. The feature is powered by Amazon’s Rekognition platform, which is a developer toolkit that exists as part of the company’s... New, 4 comments Policy & Law US & World Tech Russia reportedly considering sending Snowden back to US as a ‘gift’ to Trump by Nick Statt@nickstatt Russian officials have discussed the possibility of extraditing whistleblower Edward Snowden to the US as a way to improve political relations with President Trump, according to NBC News. The report cites an unnamed US official who has analyzed... New, 25 comments Movie Review Entertainment Film John Wick: Chapter 2 recaptures the original’s style, but with fewer surprises by Tasha Robinson Here’s the important thing about John Wick: Chapter 2: it’s a grim, brutal, airless action film full of doggy reaction shots. The original 2014 John Wick was a surprise hit about an unstoppable assassin who’s dragged out of retirement for a few... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Gadgets Tech The LG Watch Sport and Watch Style are now available to order by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman Google officially launched Android Wear 2.0 this week with the LG Watch Sport and Watch Style. They’re both now available to order through the Google Store, although the titanium version of the Sport already appears to have sold out. Best Buy is... New, 1 comment Apple Tech Virtual Reality Tim Cook says augmented reality is ‘a big idea like the smartphone’ by Nick Statt@nickstatt It’s no secret that Apple’s culture of secrecy forbids even the most powerful at the company from spilling details about upcoming products. But, as CEO Tim Cook has illustrated frequently in the past, there are ways to drop hints and talk around... New, 10 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Innovation > Product Development > Uber Hires Veteran NASA Engineer to Develop Flying Cars Uber Hires Veteran NASA Engineer to Develop Flying Cars Feb 6, 2017 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 1 “I can’t think of another company in a stronger position to be the leader for this new ecosystem and make the urban electric VTOL market real.” Uber Advertisement In 2010, an advanced aircraft engineer at NASA’s Langley Research Center named Mark Moore published a white paper outlining the feasibility of electric aircrafts that could take off and land like helicopters but were smaller and quieter. The vehicles would be capable of providing a speedy alternative to the dreary morning commute. Moore’s research into so-called VTOL -- short for vertical takeoff and landing, or more colloquially, flying cars -- inspired at least one billionaire technologist. After reading the white paper, Google co-founder Larry Page secretly started and financed two Silicon Valley startups, Zee Aero and Kitty Hawk, to develop the technology, Bloomberg Businessweek reported last summer. Now Moore is leaving the confines of the U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration, where he has spent the last 30 years, to join one of Google’s rivals: Uber Technologies Inc. Moore is taking on a new role as director of engineering for aviation at the ride-hailing company, working on a flying car initiative known as Uber Elevate. “I can’t think of another company in a stronger position to be the leader for this new ecosystem and make the urban electric VTOL market real,” he says. Popular Now Top 10 Manufacturing Countries in 2020 The Key to Supply Chain ROI -- Improving Visibility To Drive Out Inefficiencies In Your Supply Chain Back In High Gear Radical Vision for Airborne Commutes Uber isn’t constructing a flying car yet. In its own white paper published last October, the company laid out a radical vision for airborne commutes and identified technical challenges it said it wanted to help the nascent industry solve, like noise pollution, vehicle efficiency and limited battery life. Moore consulted on the paper and was impressed by the company’s vision and potential impact. Moore acknowledged that many obstacles stand in the way, and they’re not only technical. He says each flying car company would need to independently negotiate with suppliers to get prices down, and lobby regulators to certify aircrafts and relax air-traffic restrictions. But he says Uber, with its 55 million active riders, can uniquely demonstrate that there could be a massive, profitable and safe market. “If you don’t have a business case that makes economic sense, than all of this is just a wild tech game and not really a wise investment,” Moore says. Uber’s vision is a seductive one, particularly for sci-fi fans. The company envisions people taking conventional Ubers from their homes to nearby “vertiports” that dot residential neighborhoods. Then they would zoom up into the air and across town to the vertiport closest to their offices. (“We don’t need stinking bridges!” says Moore.) These air taxis will only need ranges of between 50 to 100 miles, and Moore thinks that they can be at least partially recharged while passengers are boarding or exiting the aircraft. He also predicts we’ll see several well-engineered flying cars in the next one to three years and that there will be human pilots, at least managing the onboard computers, for the foreseeable future. His move to Uber is a risky one. Moore says he’s leaving NASA one year before he’s eligible for retirement and walking away from a significant percentage of his pension and free health care for life “to be in the right place at the right time to make this market real.” (Though it’s probably safe to say that Uber, with some $11 billion on its balance sheet, is making it worth his while.) Moore seems to be disillusioned with NASA, saying the agency is leaving promising new aviation markets to the private industry. “It’s the federal government who is best positioned to overcome extremely high levels of risks,” he says. While NASA is larded with layers of bureaucracy and management, Uber Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick has been closely involved in hatching his company’s flying car plans, Moore says. That is, when he’s not distracted with his own political crises, such as his role on President Donald Trump’s advisory council, which he relinquished last week after criticism from customers, drivers and employees. Kalanick’s bet on Uber Elevate is another indication that while Silicon Valley seems on the surface to be consumed with politics and protests these days, the march into the future continues apace. By Brad Stone Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 1 CharlieSeattle on Feb 7, 2017 No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! Bad Idea! Log In or Register to post comments Please Log In or Register to post comments. Related Articles Google Co-Founder Page Forecasts Flying Car Future Vladimir Putin and the Amazing Flying Car This Flying Car is No Flight of Fancy This Flying Car is No Flight of Fancy (Part 2) NASA Tests 'Flying Saucer' Device for Future Mars Landings THE LATEST Ford to Invest $1 Billion in Pittsburgh Artificial Intelligence Startup Small Firms Are Better Partners than Holding Companies Top 10 States Most Affected by Potential Trade Issues with Mexico Is Your Team Trusting or Just Polite? China Exports Surge Tainted by Fears of Trade Turmoil Apple CEO Cook: Britain Will Be ‘Just Fine’ Post-Brexit More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Feb 7, 2017 Exclusive IndustryWeek An Old Company Stitches Together a New Perspective 1 The Merrow Sewing Machine Co. was old, analog and grappling with its identity after 165 years as a market leader when Charlie Merrow and his brother, Owen, bought back the company in 2003. Since then, the seventh generation of Merrows has used lots of tech, namely cloud, to bring it into the 21st century and drastically change its business model....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Biggest US Asphalt Plant Shuts Just as Trump Plans Road Building An Old Company Stitches Together a New Perspective Why It's Not Too Late to Build Your Own Industrial Internet Platform Intel $7 Billion Semiconductor Factory in Arizona to Create 10,000 Jobs The 2016 IndustryWeek Best Plants Award Winners: Excellence in Manufacturing IW Webinars How the Cloud and Analytics Improve Manufacturers' Bottom Lines Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Manufacturing Flash Forward: A Preview of 2017's Top 17 Issues, in 17 Minutes The Additive Cyber Risk of Additive Manufacturing: Six Steps Towards Greater Security in the Supply Chain The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Cloud Evolves From Point Solution To Strategic Enabler Of The New Connected Economy  Cloud ERP Gets 43 Percent Faster Payback Embrace Disruptive Innovation with Cloud ERP The Rise of Smart Operations: Reaching New Levels of Operational Excellence Quality in the Age of the Customer More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google Maps update brings easier access to real-time commute information +7,888 Quentyn Kennemer Feb 6th, 2017 Google is pushing forward a change they’ve been testing inside Google Maps for some time now. The new update brings a bottom-placed nav bar that lets you access certain pieces of data. The bar features 3 tabs — Places, Driving, and Transit — to deliver up different pieces of info: Places: ATMs, gas stations, restaurants, lodging and the sort. This tab makes it easy to find nearby stops in case you’re in a pinch. Driving: Real-time traffic updates, expected travel time to and from work, and easy access to driving mode. Transit: Schedules for buses and trains, including recommendations on which station and train to catch in order to make it to your destination by a given time. All of this info has been available through Google Maps in one form or another, but the path to get to any bit of information was not always clear or convenient. This brings it all into one central location so it should never take more than a few clicks to get what you need. It’s rolling out now through Google Play. Download Google Maps at Google Play [via Google] Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (1) stars Further Reading #1 thing every ZTE Blade V8 Pro owner should do [VIDEO] Get a free pizza from T-Mobile and Papa John's 10 Hottest Android Stories This Week (February 10th) Top 5 Apps/Games - Feb 10 LG Watch Syle and Sport now available stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertHow to Pixel-ize your phone closeHow to make any Android phone look like the Pixel Features like the Pixel Launcher, round icons, new nav bar buttons, and Google Assistant are still exclusive to the Pixel phones. With just a few handy apps and some tweaking, you can get most of the Pixel features on your phone. 2 more_vertPixbar app give you Pixel-like nav buttons closePixbar app gives you Pixel-like nav buttons without root If you’ve been jealous of the fancy navigation buttons used by the Pixel and Pixel XL, you can now add them to your Android device without having to root it. The $0.99 Pixbar app on the Play Store gives you the illusion that your on-screen navigational buttons are identical to those on the Pixel phones. In … 3 more_vertGoogle's AI can enhance pixelated photos closeGoogle’s AI can “zoom and enhance” photos like crime films You ever watch one of those cool crime or detective flicks and the prosecutor comes across some footage they need a good look at? Google is making the “zoom and enhance” possible through AI. 4 more_vertSamsung to focus on Plus Galaxy S8 model closePlus model is expected to dominate Samsung Galaxy S8’s production schedule It’s said the “Plus” model of the Samsung Galaxy S8 (remember, both devices are said to be getting understated Edge displays this go around) will be eating up 70% of Samsung’s production schedule from the get go. 5 more_vertThe 64GB Soft Gold OnePlus 3T is back in stock closeThe 64GB Soft Gold OnePlus 3T is now “shipping immediately” OnePlus has confirmed that the 64GB Soft Gold OnePlus 3T is being made available for immediate shipping. 6 more_vertSamsung to begin showcasing foldable phone closeSamsung will start showing prototypes of their foldable phone later this month Samsung will be toting some prototypes of their foldable phone concept at MWC for the first time. 7 more_vertLG teases the G6's small bezels closeLG G6 press invites tease the phone’s small bezels, rounded display corners Press invites for their February 26th LG G6 event have been sent out, teasing the display’s rounded corners, what could be some pretty small bezels. 8 more_vertDEAL: Save 70% on Samsung's microSD cards closeDEAL: Save up to 70 percent on Samsung’s 32, 64 and 128GB EVO microSD cards The average price of microSD cards have come down significantly over the past year, but it still costs quite a bit if you want to double the amount of storage you have available for your smartphone. Fortunately, Amazon has heard your cries and has cut the price of the Samsung EVO microSD cards. The monstrous 256GB EVO … 9 more_vertPixel's audio issues fixed closePixel’s February security patch fixes audio issues The Pixel and Pixel XL got a bit more love in yesterday’s security patch than just security fixes. They also got a fix to one of the most annoying bugs out. 10 more_vertGalaxy S8 and S8 Plus renders surface closeAnother set of Galaxy S8 renders paint vivid pictures of what to expect We’re pretty sure we know what the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus will look like once Samsung launches them later this Spring. In case you needed an even better idea, take a gander at these new device renders. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google to reportedly discontinue the Google Now Launcher by March By John Hoff - February 6, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter According to a source, Google will reportedly discontinue distributing the Google Now Launcher which is now still available via the Play Store. The mothership has two launchers in the Play Store now – the Google Now Launcher and the Pixel Launcher. Is this pointing to the latter being made available on other Android devices? We wish. According to a source who tipped the people over at Android Police, Google has sent out an email to its GMS partners – that is, manufacturers who pre-install Google Mobile Services on their devices – that it is intending to remove the Google Now Launcher from the Play Store starting on March 1. The email screenshot below tells this story, but it has not been officially confirmed by Google as of yet. For manufacturers, there will be options – and they will still be able to use the GNL in one form or another. They can either just slap on the Google Now Launcher (actually, just the Google Feed) onto whatever launcher they would be installing onto a device. Or for those who use the GNL as their main launcher (like Motorola and Nexus devices), they can also just grab the Launcher3 element from AOSP to keep using it. The problem of this – if the tip is true – is that people who will be using GNL probably won’t be getting any performance updates and major improvements after March. Does this mean that the Pixel Launcher will be made available to other devices? We’re not too hopeful about that, in all honesty. VIA: Android Police Story Timeline Google Now 'Dashboard' tab seen, could be a beta feature Google Now integrates with selected JBL portable speakers Google Now is (seemingly) dead; long live Assistant TAGS Android Google Google Mobile Services google now Google Play Store launcher John Hoff Must Read HTC U Ultra, U Play hands-on: putting “U” at the center 15 best Android games of 2016, which means you should try these if you haven’t already Top 20 Android Apps for 2016 Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,121FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 473,707FollowersFollow 60,161SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2008 - 2017 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login NBC: Russia 'considers' sending Snowden back to US California bill doesn't want Netflix to be taxed like a utility Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump livestream shut down for 'public safety' Latest in Culture Drone Racing League lands a title sponsor for the 2017 season 1h ago View NBC: Russia 'considers' sending Snowden back to US 9h ago View The Public Access Weekly: Ch-ch-ch-changes 15h ago View California bill doesn't want Netflix to be taxed like a utility 10h ago View Image credit: Stefano Rellandini / Reuters save Save share BT defends Google and Android in EU antitrust case "We value the ongoing stability and compatibility of operating systems." Nick Summers, @nisummers 02.06.17 in Politics Comments 431 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Stefano Rellandini / Reuters Google has found an unlikely ally in one of its many battles with the European Commission. As the Telegraph reports, UK telecoms provider BT has sent a letter defending Google's ownership of Android and the promotion of its own apps and services. While the exact wording is unclear, a spokesperson for the company confirmed its existence and the gist of its contents for Engadget. "We told them BT is free to pre-install its own or third party apps on devices alongside preloaded Google apps. We also said that, as an app provider, we value the ongoing stability and compatibility of operating systems, whether they are 'open source' or 'closed source.' This is why we welcome anti-fragmentation initiatives such as Google's." Google stands accused of forcing its own software -- YouTube, Google Drive, Play Music, and more -- on phone manufacturers that wish to use some version of Android. While the platform is open source, allowing companies to freely fork and tweak its underpinnings, Google has an "Anti-Fragmentation Agreement" that protects one pretty big aspect: the Play Store. If you want Google's marketplace, you have to accept the rest of the company's software. That, according to the European Commission, is an abuse of the company's market position, because it doesn't allow manufacturers to freely choose which software comes with their devices. The European Commission filed formal charges against Google last April. It follows a similar investigation into its search engine and the way it prioritises Google-developed sites and services at the top of results. Politicians are worried that Google is enforcing its own market dominance by ensuring its software and search services are installed and easily accessible on most Android phones. Such a system, it argues, discourages users from downloading third-party alternatives such as Dropbox or Spotify. Google obviously disagrees, believing that Android is offered in a "careful way" that's ultimately "good for competition and for consumers." BT's decision to wade into the argument is an intriguing one. What does the company have to gain from siding with Google? More of the status quo, which so far has delivered a large, varied portfolio of Android phones. Few companies have managed to fork Android successfully (remember Amazon's Fire Phone? or Cyanogen?) and Google's apps, while dominant, are some of the best in their respective categories. Decent pre-installed software means fewer complaints from customers and a stronger combined opposition to Apple's iPhone. That means no single company who can manipulate BT into acting in ways that it doesn't like. As BT notes, it still has the option to pre-install its own software; it'll just sit alongside Google's selection. Duplicate apps are commonplace on Android handsets, and the practice riles most phone reviewers. Still, the mobile network provider argues, the option is there for manufacturers. Whether the letter sways the European Commission remains to be seen. It's an unusual show of support, but possibly an important one -- BT is Britain's biggest mobile operator, so its voice carries some weight. Source: The Telegraph Origin: Engadget UK In this article: android, antitrust, bt, business, closedsource, culture, europeancommission, europeanunion, google, opensource, politics 431 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 1h 1h ago in Transportation Drone Racing League lands a title sponsor for the 2017 season The league promises bigger courses and faster drones this time around. By R. Lawler,  1h ago save Save share View 5h 5h ago in Mobile Android's instant tethering is now officially available But still only for Pixel and Nexus devices running Nougat. By M. Moon,  5h ago save Save share View 6h 6h ago in Art HBO's 'Silicon Valley' returns April 23rd An anticipated 'Game of Thrones' delay won't stop Pied Piper. By R. Lawler,  6h ago save Save share View 7h 7h ago in Gadgetry Photo of Magic Leap AR prototype leaks out, backpack and all Obtained by Business Insider, it claims to show the company's "Product Equivalent" (PEQ) build. By R. Lawler,  7h ago save Save share View 9h 9h ago in Politics NBC: Russia 'considers' sending Snowden back to US Snowden: 'Irrefutable' proof I didn't cooperate with Russian intelligence. By R. Lawler,  9h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
Facebook, Google to help fight fake news ahead of French elections - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Black History Month Social Stream Get Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News Black History Month CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts Win tickets to a Sabres/Penguins Game Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer Black History Month School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Facebook, Google to help fight fake news ahead of French elections Posted: Monday, February 6, 2017 10:06 AM EST Updated: Monday, February 6, 2017 11:36 AM EST Google and Facebook are partnering with journalists to help prevent fake news stories from spreading during France's presidential election. By Ivana Kottasova LONDON (CNNMoney) -- Google and Facebook are partnering with journalists to help prevent fake news stories from spreading during France's presidential election. Google News Lab and the non-profit First Draft News have launched a verification project called "CrossCheck" that will help French newsrooms identify and quickly debunk hoaxes, rumors and other false claims. At least 17 major news organizations are taking part in the project, including Le Monde, Agence France-Presse (AFP), Liberation, BuzzFeed and France Medias Monde, which manages Radio France Internationale and TV station France 24. Google and Facebook will provide the journalists with tools to help identify misleading content. Google Trends and CrowdTangle, a Facebook tool that monitors social networks, will be used to scan for problematic stories. Google will also train students from France's leading journalism schools in advanced search techniques that can be used to identify fake news. The students will add context to each false claim and create a live feed of shareable report cards on the CrossCheck website. The feed will be overseen by the Agence-France Presse. The public will also be able to submit questions and links to disputed stories. Their questions will be answered on a dedicated website. Google and Facebook both confirmed their participation in the project, but did not provide additional details. The first round of French elections will be held on April 23. Marine Le Pen, leader of the far right National Front party, is well positioned to advance to the second round of the presidential contest. She is not, however, currently favored to triumph in the second round runoff. Google and First Draft News partnered on a similar project during last year's U.S. presidential election. The initiative, called Electionland, was aimed at reporting evidence of voter suppression during the contest. Misleading stories and flat out fake news have plagued social media during major elections around the world. Facebook, Google and other companies have been under intense criticism over their approach to the problem. Facebook is now attaching warning labels to made-up stories in some markets, and the company has taken steps to undercut the business model used by fake news publishers. First Draft News partners with newsrooms and other organizations to help them find, verify and publish content sourced from social media. CNN is a member of its partner network. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
null
Menu The Diplomat Account Home My AccountSign In About Us Advertise Syndication Write for Us Contact Us The Diplomat Central Asia East Asia Oceania South Asia Southeast Asia Economy Diplomacy Environment Politics Security Society Blogs China PowerFlashpointsAsia DefenseASEAN BeatThe PulseThe KoreasTokyo ReportThe DebateCrossroads AsiaTrans-Pacific ViewPacific MoneyAsia LifeOceania Interviews Photo Essays Videos Podcasts Japan AffairsAsia GeopoliticsKorea Talk Magazine Subscribe   Pacific Money Image Credit: Wikimedia Commons/ Hans Olav Lien Scandal-Hit Samsung Still Asia’s Top Brand South Korea can boast Asia’s most valuable brand, but Japan leads on innovation. By Anthony Fensom for The Diplomat February 06, 2017               South Korea’s Samsung Group has shrugged off business and political scandals to be ranked Asia’s most valuable brand in the latest global survey by Brand Finance. But the leader of the innovation race may still be Japan, which rules the roost in patenting new inventions, according to a separate study. U.S. technology powerhouses Google, Apple, Amazon, AT&T, and Microsoft took the top five places in the “Global 500 2017,” the 2017 survey of the world’s most valuable brands by London-based consultancy Brand Finance. However, Samsung gained a place from last year’s survey to rank sixth with an estimated brand value of $66.2 billion, up 13 percent from 2016. This came despite the disastrous recall of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone and a corruption scandal linked to the Korean president. The South Korean conglomerate still expects profit growth in 2017 despite its recent woes, with record earnings from its memory chip business helping its shares hit a series of record highs in January.Enjoying this article? Click here to subscribe for full access. Just $5 a month. No other South Korean companies placed in the top 50, although conglomerate Hyundai Group ranked 60th with an estimated brand value of $19.9 billion, while rival SK Group placed 62nd with $19.3 billion in value. China’s largest bank, ICBC, ranked as Asia’s second-most valuable brand and the world’s most valuable banking brand, taking the 10th spot with an estimated brand value of $47.8 billion. It was followed by telecommunications firm China Mobile in 11th place with an estimated value of $46.7 billion, while China Construction Bank ranked 14th with an estimated brand value of $41.3 billion. Other Chinese companies to make the top 50 comprised e-commerce giant Alibaba (ranked 23rd with $34.8 billion); Bank of China (29th with $31.2 billion); oil and gas companies Sinopec (32nd with $29.5 billion) and PetroChina (33rd with $29 billion); Agricultural Bank of China (34th with $28.5 billion); and telecommunications firms Huawei (40th with $25.2 billion) and Tencent (47th with $22.2 billion). According to Brand Finance, Chinese banks’ brand value growth has been rapidly outpacing European and North American competitors. “The nation’s vast population, organic expansion, foreign M&A [merger and acquisition] activity and positive relationships with Chinese consumers are a few common attributes Chinese banks share which serve to explain the immense growth of this industry. Not only has China’s ICBC claimed the title as the most powerful banking brand, it also dethrones Wells Fargo as the most valuable financial brand in the world,” the report said. Japanese companies were also represented in the top 50, led by 12th-ranked automaker Toyota with an estimated brand value of $46.2 billion and 15th-placed telecommunications firm NTT with $40.5 billion in estimated value. Conglomerate Mitsubishi Group also made the top 50, ranked 35th with $27.9 billion in estimated brand value, while automaker Nissan placed 42nd with $24.7 billion. However, no Asian brands were included among the world’s top 10 “most powerful brands,” which was led by Lego, Google, and Nike. Google’s success in displacing Apple as the world’s most valuable brand with an estimated brand value of $109 billion compared to Apple’s $107 billion was attributed to growing competitive pressures facing Apple in China, along with its apparent complacency. “Apple has struggled to maintain its technological advantage, with new iterations of the iPhone delivering diminishing returns, while the Chinese market is now crowded with local competitors,” Brand Finance chief executive David Haigh said. “Apple has been living on borrowed time for several years by exploiting its accumulated brand equity. This underlines one of the many benefits of a strong brand, but Apple has finally taken it too far.” Haigh also pointed to a link between strong brands and stock market performance, highlighting the importance of such rankings for investors. “It was found that investing in the most highly branded companies would lead to a return almost double that of the average for the [U.S. benchmark] S&P 500 as a whole,” he said. According to Brand Finance, its annual survey evaluates corporate brands globally based on factors including marketing investment, familiarity, loyalty, staff satisfaction, and corporate reputation, along with the proportion of revenue generated by each firm’s brand. Japan Leads On Innovation Japanese companies may trail their competitors in brand value, but the nation remains a clear leader in Asia in innovation, according to research by Clarivate Analytics. Clarivate’s 2016 “Top 100 Global Innovators” report found that Japan ranked as Asia’s leading innovation hub, accounting for 34 of the top 100 most innovative organizations and second only to the United States’ 39. While down from the 40 listed in the previous year’s survey, Japanese firms represented ranged from automakers Honda, Nissan, and Toyota to household goods firms Sony and Yaskawa Electric, manufacturers Daikin Industries and Kobe Steel, and hardware makers Kyocera and NEC. Elsewhere in Asia, South Korea had three representatives, comprising household goods maker LG Electronics, energy firm LSIS, and electronics maker Samsung Electronics, while China and Taiwan had one firm each: telecommunications firm Huawei and hardware maker MediaTek, respectively. “Mainland China makes a reappearance this year with Huawei again making the list following its debut appearance in 2014. Huawei showed significantly improved performance in globalization, which accords with its strategy to develop a ‘global response to global needs,’” the report said. Among industries, hardware and electronics makers accounted for 29 percent, followed by manufacturing and medical (15 percent), automotive (9 percent), chemicals and cosmetics (9 percent), and pharmaceuticals (7 percent). According to Clarivate, the key factors for successful innovators are significant investment in patent development along with ongoing investment in research and development (R&D) and a diverse and adaptable range of technology. The top 100 firms listed spent more than $227 billion on R&D and generated more than $4 trillion in revenue in 2015 – “a clear example of activity that drives economic well-being and competitive advantage.” “As evidenced by the huge R&D outlay made by the companies represented in the Top 100 Global Innovators list, the commitment to keep the fires of innovation burning brightly does not come cheaply. In the case of the 39 companies who have now been on our list for six straight years, this fact is made all the more poignant by the fact that our study was launched in 2011, when much of the world was still feeling the effects of the Great Recession, and many companies were loath to make the kinds of investments needed to keep their underlying IP infrastructures running at full capacity,” the report said. Clarivate’s survey ranks patent and citation data by volume, success, globalization and influence, including all organizations with 100 or more patented new innovations from the past five years in its analysis. For Asia overall, the latest brand value and innovation rankings suggest the region’s innovative strength has continued to pick up speed, even while regional and global economic growth has softened. Converting the region’s innovations into brand value would appear to be the next challenge however, if Asia is to topple the U.S. tech titans from the top of the global leaderboard. Topics Pacific Money Tags Alibaba Apple brands Global 500 Google Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC) Samsung technological innovation Toyota Related Stories March 15, 2014 ‘Korean Wave’ Just The Start For Asian Brands The Diplomat speaks with expert Martin Roll on the rise of Asian brands. Read Story Moto X: Could Motorola Compete with Apple, Samsung at $300 Price Point?iOS 7 vs Android: Smartphone OS ShowdownTablet Faceoff: Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 vs. iPad Mini South Korea Is Poised for Economic DisasterCan Samsung's Note 7 Discontinuation Shake the South Korean Economy? Latest Blogs February 11, 2017 Trump and 'One China': Two Phone Calls, Many Interpretations After the phone call with Xi Jinping, the Trump administration needs to imbue its Taiwan policy with strategic clarity. Read Post US Air Force Rotates Supersonic Strategic Bombers in the Asia-PacificMalaysia’s New Army Chief Makes First Singapore VisitIs Indonesia Ready for New Cyber Agency?China and the Vatican Are a Step Closer to Mending Ties‘Who Watches the Watchmen?’ Bad Cops in the Philippines Latest Features February 08, 2017 CPEC and the Baloch Insurgency Balochistan stands to gain little from the massive project, despite being in desperate need of economic opportunity. Read Feature A Schism Among Australian ConservativesChekhov's Gun and the Tangled US-Philippines-China TriangleIs Vietnam in for Another Devastating Drought?Pakistan's Censorship Takes a Dangerous TurnThe Dangers of Pakistan's Tactical Nuclear Weapons Follow Us  Facebook  Twitter  Google  RSS Newsletter Sign up for our weekly newsletter The Diplomat Brief Email Address Popular Stories February 04, 2017 Malaysia’s New China Warship Deal: Promises and Prospects A closer look at where a ‘landmark’ agreement stands. Read Story February 03, 2017 Trump Vs. Pakistan A look at what the new American president’s approach might be toward Islamabad. Read Story February 03, 2017 Steve Bannon, Dharma Warrior: Hindu Scriptures and the Worldview of Trump's Chief Ideologue Steve Bannon's appreciation for the Bhagavad Gita makes more sense than you might think. Read Story Interview February 08, 2017 Rajeev Chandrasekhar on the 'Conspiracy of Silence' Over Child Sexual Abuse in India A conversation with an Indian MP on a horrific but too often overlooked problem. Read Interview More Interviews Regions Central Asia East Asia Oceania South Asia Southeast Asia Topics Blogs Diplomacy Economy Environment Features Interviews Magazine Photo Essays Podcasts Politics Security Society The Diplomat's Quiz Videos Blogs China Power Flashpoints Asia Defense ASEAN Beat The Pulse The Koreas Tokyo Report The Debate Crossroads Asia Trans-Pacific View Pacific Money Asia Life Oceania Archives Sport & Culture Indian Decade A New Japan New Leaders Forum New Emissary Tokyo Notes APAC Insider Asia Scope China, What's Next? James Holmes Tech Biz Zachary Keck The Diplomat About Us Partners Advertise Syndication Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 The Diplomat. All Rights Reserved.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Facebook and Google launch fake news detecting tool in France in run up to national vote AFP Relax News•February 6, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Facebook has launched a fake news detector tool in France.More Facebook and Google have partnered in France to launch a tool that will help users weed out fake news, ahead of the French election.  France is the third country after the US and Germany to see the roll-out of the collaborative tool that aims to detect fake news and prevent it from widespread circulation.  The tool is a collaborative service: Users who suspect a post is fake will be able to raise an alert by clicking on the post. The news will then be flagged and evaluated by third-party partners and major media companies including Agence France-Presse, BFMTV, L'Express, France Medias Monde and France Televisions among others, who will be tasked with checking the veracity of the post.  Once the post has been deemed fake by at least two different groups, it will carry a clear pictogram alerting readers and re-direct them to fact-based news stories and sources. The program is a collaborative project between Google News Lab's CrossCheck and Facebook. The first round of voting in the French election is in April. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Your first look at 'Avengers: Infinity War' CNET McKayla Maroney Looks Completely Unrecognizable AllRookieSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Target’s big Apple Watch sale is still happening right now BGR News The Galaxy Note 7 disaster is forcing Samsung to make the Galaxy S8 worse BGR News Coming Soon to Montgomery County Ryan HomesSponsored The White House employee who ensures Trump doesn’t get hacked has been fired BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Google Maps update puts real-time commute info a tap away Eric Abent - Feb 6, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Google Maps is a pretty handy app, but if you already know the way to your destination, its usefulness is diminished. Google is looking to change that by rolling out a new update today. There are a few things this update does, but one of the most noteworthy additions is real-time commute information that helps even when you already know the route by heart. This real-time commute information can be found on a new panel that has been added to Google Maps. Simply swipe up from the home screen to get to this page, which will feature three tabs. On the left, you’ll find the new Places tab, which gives you a curated list of restaurants and bars in your area, offering up pictures and descriptions so you know what you’re in for. The Places tab doesn’t only cover your food and drink options, as you’ll also be able to use it find ATM locations, grocery stores, and pharmacies. Essentially, the Places tab aims to provide with all the information you may need about new cities you visit. The next tab is the aforementioned Commute tab. By popping in here, you’ll find ETAs for your commutes to home and work, and if you scroll down a bit, you’ll be able to turn on driving mode, which features real-time traffic information. This information is provided without turn-by-turn directions, so it’s a good way to get more insight on your commute when you already know how to get there. Finally, we come to the transit tab. Assuming you have your home and work addresses saved, you’ll find relevant public transit information here. This includes information on which bus or train to take to work, along with public transit schedules and ETAs. You can also use this tab to plan a transit route to somewhere else, as it features information on individual stops as well. This new update appears to rolling out on Android right now, but at the time of this writing, the iOS App Store listing for Google Maps doesn’t reflect the update. It’ll probably be live for iOS before long, but for now, hit the source link below to read more about this incoming update. SOURCE: Google Story Timeline Google Maps dot now uses a beam to show your direction Google Maps gains new voice commands via "OK Google" Google Maps beta reveals new features, including default satellite view Google Maps now shows wheelchair accessibility info for locations Google Maps now warns you about parking nightmares Tags Androidandroid appsAppsgoogleGoogle MapsiOS Must Read Bits & Bytes Ford steers $1bn into Argo AI self-driving car brain startup Call of Duty 2017: 4 things you need to know A $1,000 iPhone 8 “Anniversary Edition” makes perfect sense Tesla Model 3 test production tipped to kick off this month How Fire Emblem Heroes inspired one guy to spend $900 on week 1 Latest Headlines Magic Leap prototype leaks with ‘PEQ0’ codename Feb 10, 2017 Sony EXTRA BASS Wireless Speakers hit shelves next month Feb 10, 2017 Samsung and Six Flags team again, this time for a gaming VR rollercoaster Feb 10, 2017 Stunning blue lightning filmed from the International Space Station Feb 10, 2017 Grand Theft Auto 4 now backwards compatible on Xbox One Feb 10, 2017 Latest Reviews 2017 Dodge Durango R/T Review: No SRT required for this V8-powered SUV Feb 9, 2017 Huawei Mate 9 Review [International Edition] Feb 7, 2017 2017 Infiniti Q50 3.0t Sport AWD Review Feb 2, 2017 Linea app Review: Iconfactory blesses the iPad Pro Feb 1, 2017 Lenovo YOGA 710 15″ Convertible Windows 10 Laptop Review Jan 30, 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
SearchSecurity Search the TechTarget Network Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access. Login Register Techtarget Network News Features Tips More Content Answers Buyer's Guide Essential Guides Opinions Photo Stories Podcasts Quizzes Tutorials Videos Sponsored Communities Schools SearchSecurity Topic Information Security Threats Application and Platform Security Enterprise Data Protection Enterprise Identity and Access Management Enterprise Network Security Government IT security Information Security Careers, Training and Certifications Information Security Management Security Audit, Compliance and Standards Topics Archive All Topics SubTopic Malware Application Attacks -Information Security Threats Denial of service Email and messaging threats Emerging threats Enterprise Vulnerability Management Hacker tools and techniques Identity Theft and Data Security Breaches Incident response Malware Security Awareness Training and Internal Threats Mobile device threats Web Application and Web 2.0 Threats Web server threats All Sub Topics Follow: Q Problem solve Get help with specific problems with your technologies, process and projects. How does Overseer spyware work on infected Android apps? by Michael Cobb Spyware was found on infected Android apps, which were meant to convey embassy information and news, in the Google Play Store. Expert Michael Cobb explains how the spyware works. Sections Share this item with your network: Related Expert Q&A Android malicious apps: How to tell secure Android ... – SearchMobileComputing How does the Android Trojan Triada infect a device's ... – SearchSecurity Can the new iBanking Android malware be stopped? – SearchSecurity Sponsored News Credit Union Thwarts Cryptolocker Attack With Smart Backup Policy –SimpliVity CIO's Guide to Understanding Bimodal IT –Dell See More Vendor Resources BYOD allows hackers an easy access point to corporate data –IBM How Spyware Works and How Your Organization Can Beat It –Sunbelt Software Four Android apps that were meant for conveying embassy information and news for specific European countries were... Sign in for existing members Continue Reading This Article Enjoy this article as well as all of our content, including E-Guides, news, tips and more. Step 2 of 2: You forgot to provide an Email Address. This email address doesn’t appear to be valid. This email address is already registered. Please login. You have exceeded the maximum character limit. Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address. By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent. By submitting your personal information, you agree that TechTarget and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content, products and special offers. You also agree that your personal information may be transferred and processed in the United States, and that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. removed from the Google Play Store for containing Overseer spyware. The spyware collected data from devices, such as contacts, email and GPS data. How did the malicious components of the infected Android apps work, and how did it make its way into the Google Play Store? At the beginning of 2016, the malicious app ZergHelper managed to slip past Apple's App Review process by using geolocation to hide its malicious activities from anyone located outside of China. Now, researchers at the security firm Lookout Inc. have identified infected Android apps that target people travelling overseas. Lookout found the Overseer malware in four apps -- Embassy, European News, Russian News and a Russian-language app. The infected Android apps were downloaded 10,000 times via Google Play, but were removed immediately when Lookout notified Google of their findings. The language and news apps had relatively few downloads, and the reviews for both appeared to be fake, but the Embassy app proved more popular, as it fronted as a search tool for travelers wanting to find the addresses of specific embassies in any geographic location. Once an infected app was installed, the Overseer malware gathered a host of information from the compromised device, including details of the user's accounts and their contacts, including names, phone numbers, email addresses and number of times contacted, geolocation information, data about the device, including identification numbers and whether it's been rooted. This information was sent to the attacker's command-and-control (C&C) servers, and allowed the attacker to decide what type of additional malicious components or exploits to download to the device to extend the attack. The malicious components of these infected Android apps probably managed to avoid detection during Google's dynamic review process because they didn't run all the time, and they obfuscated communications with the C&C server. The malware only contacted the C&C servers every 15 minutes for instructions, so unless analysis took place exactly when instructions were being issued or carried out, nothing untoward would appear to have happened. The C&C servers were located on Facebook's Parse Server hosted on Amazon Web Services, and traffic between them and the app was encrypted using HTTPS. Encrypted traffic to a popular and trusted cloud service would not look out of the ordinary, and many security monitoring tools would fail to flag it as suspicious. Users should be reminded that enterprise security policies still apply when travelling abroad, and that extra care should be taken when using network-enabled devices, as employees are more likely to be the targets of espionage-driven attacks. Geolocation-enabled malware appears to be a growing trend, so it may well be riskier downloading apps while abroad, as they may have been able to slip through regular store review checks. Hopefully, the major app stores will introduce additional geolocation-based checks into their review processes to prevent this type of obfuscation of malicious code from succeeding in the future. Next Steps Find out how Twitter accounts are being used as C&C servers to spread malware Learn how companies can use mobile location-based services to improve customer interactions Discover how geolocation can be used in business process management This was last published in February 2017 Dig Deeper on Malware, Viruses, Trojans and Spyware All News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Recent ransomware attacks: Data shows 50% growth in 2016 Hacked CCTV cameras in DC before inauguration leave unanswered questions How does Stampado ransomware spread to external drives? How does RIPPER ATM malware use malicious EMV chips? Load More View All Hacked CCTV cameras in DC before inauguration leave unanswered questions Doxware: New ransomware threat, or just extortionware rebranded? Why ad fraud botnets have become so hard to stop 'Switcher' Android Trojan targets routers with rogue DNS servers Load More View All News insider threat virus (computer virus) Risk & Repeat: IoT botnets spreading, evolving malware (malicious software) Load More View All Get started How does the SFG malware dropper evade antimalware programs? The Darkleech campaign: What changes should enterprises be aware of? How did Ammyy Admin software get repeatedly abused by malware? CryptXXX: How does this ransomware spread through legitimate websites? Load More View All Evaluate Recent ransomware attacks: Data shows 50% growth in 2016 How does the Android Trojan Triada infect a device's core processes? How does the Trochilus RAT evade detection and sandboxing? What new Asacub Trojan features should enterprises watch out for? Load More View All Manage Recent ransomware attacks: Data shows 50% growth in 2016 How does Stampado ransomware spread to external drives? How does RIPPER ATM malware use malicious EMV chips? Risk & Repeat: Doxware emerges as a new threat to data privacy Load More View All Problem solve PRO+ Content Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here. E-Handbook How to prevent ransomware or recover from a ransomware breach E-Handbook How to buy the best antimalware tools to protect endpoints Michael Cobb asks: How does your enterprise ensure employee devices are secure from malicious apps when they are overseas? Join the Discussion Related Q&A from Michael Cobb What caused the ClixSense privacy breach that exposed user data? A privacy breach at ClixSense led to user account details being put up for sale. Expert Michael Cobb explains how companies should be held ...continue reading How did iOS 10 security checks open brute force risk on local backups? A password-verification flaw in iOS 10 allowed attackers to decrypt local backups. Expert Michael Cobb explains how removing certain security checks ...continue reading HTTP public key pinning: Is the Firefox browser insecure without it? HTTP public key pinning, a security mechanism to prevent fraudulent certificates, was not used by Firefox, and left it open to attack. Expert Michael...continue reading Have a question for an expert? Please add a title for your question Get answers from a TechTarget expert on whatever's puzzling you. Add a title You will be able to add details on the next page. Meet all of our Information Security experts View all Information Security questions and answers Join the conversation 1 comment Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  [-] ITKE - 6 Feb 2017 9:00 AM How does your enterprise ensure employee devices are secure from malicious apps when they are overseas? Add My Comment Cancel   -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources Cloud Security Networking CIO Consumerization Enterprise Desktop Cloud Computing Computer Weekly SearchCloudSecurity Building an intrusion detection and prevention system for the cloud An intrusion detection and prevention system for cloud services is an important part of an enterprise's security stature. Expert ... How to strategically implement CASBs in the enterprise CASBs can offer help for enterprises that leverage cloud services. Expert Ajay Kumar examines the use cases, functions and ... 2017 forecast: Cloud-based systems headed your way There's no turning back: Consumers and enterprises see the possibilities of cloud-based voice recognition systems; so does Amazon. SearchNetworking Cisco joins Microsoft in providing Azure Stack services in UCS server Cisco and Microsoft have worked together in delivering Azure Stack services through Cisco's UCS server. The new product ships in ... An Avaya networking sale may prove challenging This week, bloggers look into challenges facing an Avaya networking sale, ZeroStack's launch of automated infrastructure, and ... Exploring availability monitoring tools for larger networks The leading enterprise network monitoring tools offer a variety of features, licensing, support and maintenance options designed ... SearchCIO Dunkin’ pins growth on digital tech Dunkin' celebrates progress on digital initiatives, but using digital tech to deliver customer value is no slam dunk, says ... Information technology adoption: CIO Ted Ross discusses LA's strategy Ted Ross, Los Angeles CIO, discusses enterprise technology refresh against the backdrop of developments such as Windows Server ... Data transparency is the lifeblood of new information economy Many companies have invested in the analytics infrastructure that helps turn data into a business asset. Now what? Gartner's ... SearchConsumerization Android, Windows tablets from HP take aim at business users HP released a new line of tablets targeting business users. The HP Pro Slate 8 and Pro Slate 12 run Android and cost $449 and ... Microsoft to lay off 18,000, Nokia X moves to Windows Phone Microsoft will lay off 18,000 people over the next year while the Nokia X line of Android smartphones, which was unveiled earlier... Microsoft Surface Pro 3 vs. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 Surface Pro 2 and Surface Pro 3 are different enough that Microsoft is keeping both on the market as competing products. Which ... SearchEnterpriseDesktop Microsoft Edge security updates target Windows 10 web-based attacks Microsoft will improve Edge browser security to ward off cross-site scripting and content-injection web-based attacks. Content ... Why you should back up Windows drivers and how to do it To make sure all the extra devices users attach to their Windows desktops work right, you must ensure that the device drivers ... Prepare for the final exam on Windows 10 hidden features With all the features in Windows 10 it's easy to lose track of a few. Test your knowledge of these overlooked features, including... SearchCloudComputing Azure program defends customer IP against patent trolls Microsoft defends customers' intellectual property against cloud patent trolls under a new program, as open source takes on ... Public versus private cloud debate rages on As public cloud adoption rises, many IT pros wonder if the private cloud is doomed. But some experts think on-premises clouds ... Identify and reduce multicloud integration costs When using multiple cloud providers, application integration costs can grow quickly. To prevent billing surprises, carefully plan... ComputerWeekly Ordinary citizens with no terror links caught by US surveillance, court hears. US government has “extraordinary access” to private data of non-US citizens around the world, a Dublin court is told. FDM Everywoman in Tech: 2017 winners announced Women’s network Everywoman announces the winners of its 2017 Everywoman in Technology awards, sponsored by FDM MWC 2017: 4G still has plenty of mileage, say mobile analysts 5G is likely to be a hot topic at this year’s Mobile World Congress, which kicks off at the end of February, but operators should... About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Videos Photo Stories Guides Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors CPE and CISSP Training Reprints Archive Site Map Events E-Products All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2000 - 2017, TechTarget Close
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Make Google Chrome faster, reduce how much RAM it uses, and be more productive Google Chrome is my browser of choice, but it does have a habit of consuming a lot of system RAM. And sometimes it feels a bit sluggish. Fortunately, these problems are easy to fix. By Adrian Kingsley-Hughes for Hardware 2.0 | February 6, 2017 -- 14:30 GMT (06:30 PST) | Topic: Cloud Is your Google Chrome browser feeling a little slower than it once did? Or are you finding that it's consuming a lot of your system's RAM and making your PC feel slower than it should? Here are some tips to help you make Google Chrome fast again, and to reduce the amount of RAM the browser eats up. Note: These tips work for both Mac and Windows (and many even work for Linux!). #1: Update your Google Chrome browser If you've not closed Google Chrome in a while -- probably because you've got a whole bunch of tabs you're keeping open -- then perhaps there's an update waiting for you. You can easily tell if there's an update on later releases of Chrome because the menu button (the three vertical dots right of the address bar) will change from green to yellow and then red to give you a visual reminder of how out-of-date the browser you are running is. To force Chrome to check for an update type chrome://help into the address bar and follow the prompts. #2: Get rid of unwanted extensions Type chrome://extensions into the address bar and disable any unwanted extensions. Either uncheck the box to disable the extension or click on the trash can icon to delete it. Note that if you delete an extension you lose all the data associated with it (this does not happen if you disable it) #3: Get rid of unwanted plugins Type chrome://plugins into the address bar and disable any unwanted plugins. Just click the link to disable. #4: Control tabs with custom extensions The amount of tabs you have open at any one time has a direct impact on the performance of Chrome, as well as how much RAM the application consumes. Fortunately, it's possible to have a lot of tabs open and keep memory consumption under control with some extensions. Here are some for you to choose from: Tab Wrangler One Tab The Great Suspender Another thing you can do is strip the page down to just the text using an extension such as Text Mode or Minimalist. There are a lot of awesome Google Chrome extensions out there. I've listed a few in the gallery below (although I don't recommend that you install all of them!). Best Google Chrome productivity, privacy... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 64 NEXT PREV #5: Install the Data Saver extension If your problem is related more to a poor internet connection than it is to a sluggish browser, then one way you can help improve bandwidth is to install the Google Data Saver extension. This extension uses the Google servers to compress and optimize web pages before they are delivered to your browser. #6: Close your browser! You really don't have to have your browser running the whole time! Really, you don't. You can customize Google Chrome to reopen exactly where you were when you closed it. Type chrome://settings and under On startup you'll see three options: Open the New Tab page Continue where you left off Open a specific page or set of pages If you want Google Chrome to fire up where you left it, choose Continue where you left off, or if you want to start up from a custom set of pages, choose Open a specific page or set of pages and select those pages. One word of caution -- be careful if you have multiple browser windows open, because only the tabs from the last window you closed will be reopened. Tip: If you accidentally close a tab, you can recover it by pressing Ctrl + Shift + T on Windows or Linux, or ⌘ + Shift + T on a Mac. #7: Run with the default theme You can do a lot of customizing of Google Chrome, including changing the theme. However, themes eat RAM, so if you want the speediest possible browser, run with the default theme. Type chrome://settings and under Appearance, if the Reset to default theme button isn't greyed out then you're running a custom theme. Click the button to go back to the default. #8: Smoother scrolling Type chrome://flags into the address bar and find Enable fast tab/windows close. This option speeds up Chrome by allowing it to close windows separate to any JavaScript code that might be running. After you've made changes click the RELAUNCH NOW button at the bottom of the screen to apply the setting. Note that this is an experimental feature and be sure to read the warnings at the top of the settings page in Chrome. To undo any changes click the Reset all to default button. #9: Clear your cache If you're getting low on disk space then you might find Chrome will speed up if you clear the cache. Type chrome://settings/clearBrowserData into the address bar and I'd suggest choosing only the Cached images and files option. Alternatively, you can nuke everything and start with a clean slate. For best results clear items from the beginning of time. Repair tools for IT pros SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 15 NEXT PREV #10: Check your system for spyware and other junk Windows users can make use of Google's Software Removal Tool. It might also be a good idea to scan the system using something such as Malwarebyte's Anti-Malware. Mac users can check out Malwarebyte's Anti-Malware for Mac (don't believe the nonsense that Macs can't have viruses or malware -- that may have been true a decade ago, but it's not true today). Bonus: Quick Google Chrome tips One of the best ways to become a total Google Chrome power user is to learn how to control the browser using shortcut keys. You can select multiple tabs for dragging -- hold down Ctrl on Windows or ⌘ on the Mac and click on the tabs you want to select. Reopen a tab you've accidentally closed with Ctrl + Shift + T on Windows or ⌘ + Shift + T on the Mac (you can reopen up to ten previously closed tabs). You can play any media file on your computer that's supported by Google Chrome by dragging it into a browser window. Google Chrome has its own task manager -- click the menu button that lives to the right of the address bar (the button with the three vertical dots), go to More Tools and then choose Task Manager. You can use the spacebar to scroll down a webpage, and you can scroll back up by pressing Shift + Spacebar. You know that T-Rex Google Chrome shows you when you lose connection to the internet (you can access the page by going to chrome://network-error/-106 )? If you press the spacebar the T-Rex will jump and kick off a simple game where you have to jump over cacti, Mario-style. See also: Apple did a lot more than just smash its iPhone sales record 7 things you need to know about Apple (1Q 2017 edition) iPhone 8 rumors finally suggest wireless charging is on the way The key to the success of the iPhone: Power efficiency The iPhone decade: Apple's transition from Jobs to Cook Simple hacks to make Google Chrome better and faster: Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Security Microsoft is adding Windows Hello support for on-premises Active Directory users Cloud Google: 'Sorry for wide-scope outage but canary testing brought our cloud down' Developer Microsoft to release Visual Studio 2017 on March 7 Cloud Snap commits to spending $1B with AWS × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Feb 11, 2017-Saturday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle tech education whatnow photos videos Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Google Pixel up for grabs for a discount of up to Rs 29,000 If you have been waiting to lay your hands on the Google Pixel or the Pixel XL, then this might be the best offer you will get.tech Updated: Feb 06, 2017 18:37 IST HT Correspondent Hindustan Times The latest flagship smartphones from Google’s stable is now avaialble at a discount of up to Rs 29,000. The Pixel’s 32GB variant, which is priced at Rs 57,000, is now available at a cashback discount of Rs 9,000 on Flipkart. The offer is valid on Citi Bank credit cards. Have you been waiting for a price cut on the Google Pixel or Pixel XL, then this might be your moment of truth. Time to put the money where your mind is. The latest flagship smartphones from Google’s stable is now avaialble at a discount of up to Rs 29,000. The Pixel’s 32GB variant, which is priced at Rs 57,000, is now available at a cashback discount of Rs 9,000 on Flipkart. The offer is valid on Citi Bank credit cards. Further, Flipkart is offering an exchange discount of up to Rs 20,000 on the smartphone. This takes the total discount that one can avail on the Google smartphone to Rs 29,000. Wait! that means that it is at the same price as the OnePlus 3 which comes for around Rs 28,000 approximately. The 128GB version of Google Pixel, which costs Rs 66,000, can be purchased at Rs Rs 37,000 on the website. The Citibank offer is also available at Reliance Digital, Croma and some other retailers. The Pixel smartphones comes in two screen sizes -- a 5.5-inch and a 5-inch variant. The phones are available in two colours - Quite Black and Very Silver with memory configurations of 32GB and 128GB sizes. The Pixel phones, protected by Corning Gorilla Glass 4, will come with Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor along with a 4GB DDR4 RAM unit. In terms of camera, the phones will sport a 12.3-megapixel rear camera. Other specifications include a 2,770 mAh and 3,450 mAh battery options, latest Bluetooth module, USB Type C and 3.5 mm headphone jack. In the rear, the phone features Pixel Imprint, the fingerprint sensor. “The Pixel is powered by a battery that can charge up your phone for up to seven hours in just 15 minutes,” Sabrina Ellis, a Google executive, said during the launch. The Pixel smartphones also comes with Google Assistant to aid users to have a natural conversation with Google to find answers or get things done on the go. tags Google Google Pixel Discount on Google Pixel Pixel discount Pixel XL discount more from tech Your OnePlus 3 and 3T to have improved camera, smart Wi-Fi switcher and more Feb 10, 2017 21:08 IST GST Council will have to decide on Apple’s make in India demands, says govt Feb 10, 2017 20:51 IST Recommended for you Presenting sponsor co-sponsor partner India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Health & fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs ‘BSF jawan Tej Bahadur Yadav has 500 Facebook friends from Pakistan’ Feb 11, 2017 08:22 IST Maha CM Fadnavis says no danger to his govt, confident of full term in office Feb 11, 2017 07:57 IST UP election: How Shamli’s Thanabhawan seat will test Akhilesh Yadav’s politics Feb 11, 2017 07:50 IST Uttar Pradesh election Live: Phase 1 begins, faulty EVMs delay voting in parts of... Feb 11, 2017 09:00 IST UP election: What’s at stake for BSP, SP, BJP and RLD in crucial ‘make or break’... Feb 11, 2017 06:57 IST ‘Religion’, ‘animal thirst’ cited as reasons to approve infra projects in wildlife... Feb 11, 2017 01:29 IST Uttar Pradesh election: Voting today for 1st phase in the big battle of the bal... Feb 11, 2017 07:09 IST Trump, Abe pledge deeper trade and security ties between US-Japan Feb 11, 2017 01:04 IST US President Trump promises action ‘very rapidly’ after travel ban halted Feb 11, 2017 02:05 IST Trump says conversation with China’s Xi was ‘very warm’ Feb 11, 2017 00:34 IST Brazil threatens striking police with prosecution as death toll tops 120 Feb 11, 2017 00:02 IST Travel ban ruling is ‘a disgraceful decision’: Donald Trump Feb 10, 2017 23:16 IST Muslim woman denied teaching job for wearing Hijab wins discrimination case in ... Feb 10, 2017 21:42 IST Boko Haram ambush kills eight soldiers in NE Nigeria Feb 10, 2017 21:24 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Cafe owners irked as rooftop shutdown at Connaught Place hits businesses Feb 11, 2017 08:33 IST AAP govt and Delhi education: A look at the hits, misses and future plans Feb 11, 2017 08:15 IST Two years of AAP: Govt push puts schools back on learning curve Feb 11, 2017 08:18 IST Maha CM Fadnavis says no danger to his govt, confident of full term in office Feb 11, 2017 07:57 IST UP election: How BJP changes its narrative within 50 kms, from Hindutva to secu... Feb 11, 2017 07:42 IST After Versova mangrove destruction case, Mumbai suburban collector ready with action... Feb 11, 2017 01:11 IST Mumbai: Get ready to pay up to 200% more for parking Feb 11, 2017 01:10 IST Chhagan Bhujbal money laundering case : Former MET employees want to turn appro... Feb 11, 2017 01:06 IST Bar council approves syllabus for Maharashtra’s law entrance examination Feb 11, 2017 01:03 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors Can the low-key Akhilesh Yadav win the high-stakes UP battle? Feb 11, 2017 06:56 IST Green card blues are here to stay . Feb 10, 2017 21:17 IST Who’s afraid of the Naga Mothers? . Feb 10, 2017 21:21 IST JNU a year after: Belying predictions, campus politics is thriving. Here’s why Feb 10, 2017 17:39 IST SWOT analysis: Panneerselvam has the strength to defeat Sasikala, but his weaknesses... Feb 10, 2017 20:51 IST Live cricket score, India vs Bangladesh, Day 3 live: BAN 41/1, trail by 646 Feb 11, 2017 08:42 IST Live cricket score: India vs Bangladesh Test, Day 3 - Onus on Ishant, Ashwin Feb 11, 2017 08:45 IST Blind cricket World T20: India beat Sri Lanka by 10 wickets to enter final Feb 11, 2017 01:35 IST Why Virat Kohli scores bigger hundreds when he is India captain Feb 10, 2017 22:45 IST Wriddhiman Saha, Ajinkya Rahane ride Virat Kohli’s ‘hammer the ball’ ploy Feb 10, 2017 21:16 IST football tennis other sports ht gifa Edinson Cavani fires as Paris Saint-Germain FC defeat FC Girondins de Bordeaux Feb 11, 2017 08:56 IST Live cricket score, India vs Bangladesh, Day 3 live: BAN 41/1, trail by 646 Feb 11, 2017 08:42 IST Live cricket score: India vs Bangladesh Test, Day 3 - Onus on Ishant, Ashwin Feb 11, 2017 08:45 IST Australian teen suspended from professional tennis after match-fixing allegation Feb 11, 2017 00:03 IST Blind cricket World T20: India beat Sri Lanka by 10 wickets to enter final Feb 11, 2017 01:35 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Karan Johar on ADHM apology video: Was terrible to face camera, speak on nationalism Feb 11, 2017 08:44 IST Shah Rukh Khan, Aamir Khan in a selfie for first time in 25 years. More pics in... Feb 11, 2017 08:42 IST Never watched porn to research for my character in Sexaholic: Shama Sikander Feb 11, 2017 08:22 IST Grammy Awards to include first-ever transgender ‘trophy girl’ Feb 10, 2017 21:15 IST I got stuck in a rut on TV, says Ronit Roy Feb 11, 2017 08:20 IST sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch weekend Now, a ‘miracle pill’ for the treatment of high blood pressure Feb 11, 2017 08:48 IST Anjali Lama, first transgender model at LFW, moves to Mumbai: Never been so busy Feb 11, 2017 08:59 IST Barking up the right tree: Review of The Book of Indian Dogs by S Theodore Bask... Feb 11, 2017 08:43 IST The truth about Afzal Guru: Excerpt from Sunetra Choudhury’s new book Feb 11, 2017 09:03 IST What are you doing on Valentine’s Day? Bet you can’t beat the mosquito Feb 10, 2017 21:15 IST Your OnePlus 3 and 3T to have improved camera, smart Wi-Fi switcher and more Feb 10, 2017 21:08 IST GST Council will have to decide on Apple’s make in India demands, says govt Feb 10, 2017 20:51 IST WhatsApp gets two-setep verification for Android, iPhones and Windows Feb 10, 2017 20:33 IST Apple’s 10th anniversary iPhone 8 may support wireless charging Feb 10, 2017 20:31 IST BHIM app registration crossed 140 lakh: Prasad Feb 10, 2017 19:46 IST Facebook, Twitter, Whatsapp are all selling you to be able to sell to you Feb 10, 2017 13:13 IST Waiting for Nokia’s return? You might be able to buy a handset without a flash sale... Feb 09, 2017 17:11 IST From 2018, single exam for engineering and architecture across India Feb 10, 2017 21:10 IST IIM Kozhikode Post Graduate Programme batch records 100% placements Feb 10, 2017 16:47 IST Directors of 10 IIMs, including IIM Bangalore, appointed Feb 11, 2017 00:02 IST Medical admissions in Gujarat to be given on pro-rata basis under NEET: Govt Feb 10, 2017 15:25 IST Meet students from IIM Lucknow who refused jobs to chase their dreams Feb 10, 2017 15:13 IST Celebrating splendour and class at the ‘21 Gun Salute’ vintage car rally Feb 10, 2017 19:55 IST Muzaffarnagar riots: Three years on, no conviction in gang rape cases Feb 10, 2017 17:11 IST As campaigning draws to a close, Uttar Pradesh gears up to vote Feb 09, 2017 19:43 IST Preparations on for the Jallikattu bull-taming event Feb 08, 2017 21:01 IST Jat protests: Clamour for reservation grows Feb 08, 2017 16:31 IST Candidate arrives on ‘arthi’ to file his nomination Feb 10, 2017 15:39 IST 49 bull-tamers injured during Jallikattu in Madurai Feb 10, 2017 12:30 IST Congress leaders react to PM Modi’s ‘raincoat’ remark Feb 09, 2017 18:40 IST On the Move: Boatmen of UP grapple for identity Feb 09, 2017 11:28 IST PM Modi: SP is housing goons, women safety in UP is threatened Feb 08, 2017 17:50 IST business ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories
M Saturday, Feb 11 2017 | Updated at 05:12 AM EST Stay Connected With Us F T R Opinion Academics Students Special Reports Sports Finance Tech Career College Feb 06, 2017 08:52 AM EST By Jordan Pine, UniversityHerald Reporter HTC 11 With Snapdragon 835 And Nougat 7.1.2; Killer Specs Too Good To Be True [VIDEO] HTC is planning to launch several smartphones this year, but the HTC 11 smartphone will not be one of these introductions. (Photo : Photo by David Ramos/Getty Images) A new leak purportedly belonging to the HTC 11 reveals the device as having the latest Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 and running the newest Android Nougat 7.1.2. The leak seems unlikely since Samsung is set to have first dibs on the latest Qualcomm chipset while the Nexus and Pixels have only begun receiving the newest Nougat beta version just this week. A leaked image reportedly posted on Weibo, the popular Chinese microblogging site reveals specs of HTC's second flagship phone. The latest HTC 11 leak reportedly claims to be a screenshot of the devices' About Phone page. The leaks indicate that the newest HTC iteration will have the Snapdragon 835, 6GB of RAM and 128GB of internal storage. The phone will also have the Android Nougat 7.1.2, which Google just announced this week. The latest Nougat beta version has begun rolling out to Google's own devices, the Nexus, and the Pixels. It seems unlikely that HTC as non-Google devices will get it first. Moreover, the leak also revealed the HTC Sense 9.0, which has not been heard of previously. Again, it seems unlikely that HTC will have kept their native technology a secret since it will come as its greatest asset. In the past, the Taiwanese have relied on their own innovations, but recent devices have shown that the company is set to use other company's platform and technology. Hence, the device is also lining up to receive the latest SoC from Qualcomm and most likely from Google too. Another interesting piece of information on the purported HTC 11 leak is the curious configuration of the resolution display. The device will have 1556x2550 pixels, which is uncommon in Quad HD, but may be indicative of a curved display according to Softpedia. The LG G6 and the Galaxy S8 also have unusual resolutions with 2880x1440 pixels. Last month, the Taiwanese company unveiled the HTC U Ultra as its first flagship phone powered by the Snapdragon 821, Ray Arena reported. Recently, the company has just announced that it will skip the MWC 2017. The primary reason for the delayed launching of the unofficial HTC 11 is because the Snapdragon 835 is not yet available. Samsung's foundry arm is tasked to manufacture the premium chipsets, which explains why the Samsung Galaxy S8 will get to feature it first. HTC has always been in the forefront of the latest technology including the latest SoC and the Taiwanese are willing to wait before unveiling another flagship device. The HTC 11 is expected to be unveiled by the second half of 2017. Tags HTC 11, HTC 11 leaks, htc 11 snapdragon 835, HTC 11 Android Nougat 7.1.2, HTC 11 Release, HTC 11 About Phone page, HTC 11 on Weibo © 2016 University Herald, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles HTC 11 Skipping MWC; HTC Lining Up For Snapdragon 835 Way Behind Samsung [VIDEO] NVIDIA Shield News: NVIDIA Shield TV Review; Android 7.0 Nougat Rolls Out To NVI ... Samsung Galaxy C5 Pro Leaked Release Date, Specifications, Promo: What Else You ... BeatsX Full Review and Bonuses: Here's What Awaits Consumers Google Nexus 6P Receives February 2017 Security Patch; Improvements, Fixes Detai ... Join the Conversation Must Read Placing Disadvantaged Students in Quality Schools Improve Loan Repayment Rate [Video] Feb 09, 2017 AM ESTPlacing disadvantaged students in schools with graduates who are preferred by employers will enable them to find good jobs and pay back their student ... Google's New AI System Can Restore Even The Most Unrecognizable Image Feb 09, 2017 AM ESTGoogle has refined its AI with a new system that is able to identify blurred and pixelated images by enhancing the resolution. ... NASA Gets Help From European Space Agency For 2021 Manned Orion Mission Feb 09, 2017 AM ESTThe European Space Agency has expressed its support for NASA's Orion mission. ... How Millennials Use Facebook Live And YouTube To Enhance Public Speaking And PR Skills Feb 09, 2017 AM ESTMillennials are using a lot of digital platforms are consciously using social media to develop certain skills. ... Most Popular GTX 1080 Ti Performance could be Slower than Vega Card with 25% of Improvements; Expect Launch at E3 Feb 08, 2017 AM ESTGTX 1080 Ti is expected to bring massive improvements and it should face a competition from AMD Vega 10, as many have reported. ... iPad Air 3 With iOS 10 & Expanded Stylus Coming To Retailers As Air 2 Stocks Disappear From Shelves Feb 10, 2017 AM ESTAn official release date for the iPad Air 3 hasn't been announced by Apple yet. There are some signs, however, that the tablet entering the market is ... Apple Watch 3 Killer Features: Can Charge While Being Worn and Will Have Always-On Display Feb 10, 2017 AM ESTApple is planning big things for their new smartwatch. Speculations claimed that the wearable device will have an improved battery life and a portable ... Galaxy Note 8: Here's A Handful Amount of Samsung's Dedications to Bring The Most Powerful Device in 2017 Feb 10, 2017 AM ESTEarly Fall this year, tech crowds can expect a Galaxy Note 8 shipped with a lot of significant upgrades. ... iOS 10 Jailbreak News, Pangu Status: The Good and The Bad News Feb 09, 2017 AM ESTCheck out the latest update on iOS 10 jailbreak and the possibility of a stable version rollout ... ‘Dragon Ball Super’ Episode 78, 79 Spoilers: Goku To Stop Tournament's Potential Destruction of Universes; Episode 79 Synopsis Revealed [VIDEO] Feb 10, 2017 AM ESTThe "Dragon Ball Super" episode 78 will continue the Universe Survival Arc. In this episode, the destructive competition will finally kick off, but ... The Internet of Things And The Security Challenge Feb 10, 2017 PM ESTThe Internet of Things devices are growing but so are he risks; thus, ways how to improve and strengthen security is becoming a challenge. ... Oracle Warns Developers About The End Of Java Plugins, Urges To Look For Alternatives Feb 09, 2017 AM ESTOracle Reminds Java Developers That Soon They Won’t Have a Browser to Run Applets. ... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Specs, Rumors: Latest Render Reveals Single Camera Setup, S Pen Stylus, Keyboard Feb 10, 2017 PM ESTCustomers of Samsung’s smartphone series might probably get a glimpse of the highly-anticipated S8 flagship in the upcoming Mobile World Congress ... Cheers To More BlackBerry License Partnerships! New Cloud-Based Communication Platform Introduced For Developers Feb 09, 2017 PM ESTDevelopers can now incorporate messaging, video, voice, and other features on a third-party application in the most secure way possible via the new ... Get Our FREE Newsletters Stay Connected With Us F T R About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Copyright © 2017 UNIVERSITY HERALD All rights reserved. Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of our Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy.
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. To CNNMoney business culture gadgets future startups To CNNMoney Facebook, Google to help fight fake news ahead of French elections by Ivana Kottasova   @ivanakottasova February 6, 2017: 9:40 AM ET What to do about viral 'fake news' Google and Facebook are partnering with journalists to help prevent fake news stories from spreading during France's presidential election. Google News Lab and the non-profit First Draft News have launched a verification project called "CrossCheck" that will help French newsrooms identify and quickly debunk hoaxes, rumors and other false claims. At least 17 major news organizations are taking part in the project, including Le Monde, Agence France-Presse (AFP), Liberation, BuzzFeed and France Medias Monde, which manages Radio France Internationale and TV station France 24. Google (GOOGL, Tech30) and Facebook (FB, Tech30) will provide the journalists with tools to help identify misleading content. Google Trends and CrowdTangle, a Facebook tool that monitors social networks, will be used to scan for problematic stories. Google will also train students from France's leading journalism schools in advanced search techniques that can be used to identify fake news. The students will add context to each false claim and create a live feed of shareable report cards on the CrossCheck website. The feed will be overseen by the Agence-France Presse. The public will also be able to submit questions and links to disputed stories. Their questions will be answered on a dedicated website. Related: Did fake news influence Italy's referendum? Google and Facebook both confirmed their participation in the project, but did not provide additional details. The first round of French elections will be held on April 23. Marine Le Pen, leader of the far right National Front party, is well positioned to advance to the second round of the presidential contest. She is not, however, currently favored to triumph in the second round runoff. Google and First Draft News partnered on a similar project during last year's U.S. presidential election. The initiative, called Electionland, was aimed at reporting evidence of voter suppression during the contest. Related: How Europe's elections could be hacked Misleading stories and flat out fake news have plagued social media during major elections around the world. Facebook, Google (GOOGL, Tech30) and other companies have been under intense criticism over their approach to the problem. Facebook is now attaching warning labels to made-up stories in some markets, and the company has taken steps to undercut the business model used by fake news publishers. Related: Syrian refugee takes Facebook to court over fake news First Draft News partners with newsrooms and other organizations to help them find, verify and publish content sourced from social media. CNN is a member of its partner network. CNNMoney (London) First published February 6, 2017: 9:40 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending San Francisco is taxing the rich to pay for free community college Nordstrom stock defies Trump Trump faces delicate balancing act between U.S. and foreign airlines Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring credit card balances to a 21-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. AdChoices.
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Mobile Phones Google Pixel gets Rs 29000 discount Mobile Phones Google Pixel gets Rs 29000 discount By Bertila Helena - Feb 6, 2017 The Google Pixel has become the recipient of yet another humongous discount on Flipkart, this time totaling up to Rs 29000. The handset was launched with a number of enticing offers in October 2016 and has regularly been slapped with temporary cuts in the months since then. This time round, Citibank is offering Rs 9000 in cashback to Citi credit card holders who choose to buy the Google Pixel. The amount is supposed to be credited on or before 5 June 2017. This deal is running alongside an exchange offer worth Rs 20000 and a 5% discount for Axis Bank Buzz credit card users. It’s important to note that the maximum Rs 20000 cut is only applicable if a person hands in an iPhone 6S Plus. People looking to buy the Pixel XL are not eligible for the Citibank reduction, but can take advantage of the other 2 schemes mentioned above. Also Read: Google Pixel 2 to come with better camera, cheaper Pixel 2B variant Even Snapdeal is currently running a Citibank offer giving away Rs 9000 in cashback. There’s also a Snapdeal HDFC Bank credit card deal which promises a 5% instant discount and 10X reward points. Regular HDFC Bank credit card customers are eligible for getting 5X reward points. Here’s a quick look at the Google Pixel and Pixel XL’s specifications: – Display: 5-inch FHD/5.5-inch QHD – OS: Android 7.1 Nougat – CPU: quad-core Snapdragon 821 – Camera: 12.3MP rear, 8MP front – Storage: 32GB/128GB – RAM: 4GB – Battery: 2770mAh/3450mAh – Connectivity: 4G, Wi-Fiac, Bluetooth 4.2, USB Type-C, NFC, GPS Once again, you can buy the Google Pixel via Flipkart or Snapdeal priced at Rs 57000 (32GB) or Rs 66000 (128GB). TAGS Google Google Pixel Price specs SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleXiaomi Redmi Note 4X launching on February 14 Next articleLenovo’s affordable Yoga A12 hybrid has a touchscreen keyboard Bertila Helena RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Samsung Galaxy S8 live images leaked Asus ZenFone 3S Max with 5000mAh battery unveiled in India LG G6 invite confirms bezel-less screen 245,174FansLike 13,655FollowersFollow 13,635SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More Apple to kickstart iPhone 8 production earlier than usual Bindu Nair - Feb 8, 2017 0 Samsung Galaxy S8 live images leaked Bindu Nair - Feb 8, 2017 0 Twitter to stop banned trolls from creating new accounts Bindu Nair - Feb 8, 2017 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World selected Business Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Europe selected France Election 2017 Europe Europe Fake news: Facebook and Google team up with French media 6 February 2017 From the section Europe Related Topics France presidential election 2017 Share Share this with Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-38882236 Read more about sharing. Close share panel Image copyright Reuters French journalists are teaming up with Facebook and Google to create a new fact-checking service aimed at tackling the rise of "fake news". Seventeen French newsrooms will be involved in the CrossCheck project, with a focus on the French elections. The news agencies involved include French daily Le Monde, BuzzFeed News and Agence France-Presse. Germany and the US have already agreed measures with Facebook to help tackle the issue. The news organisations operating in France will collaborate with the two technology giants to debunk false information amid an increase in pressure in recent weeks to prevent the spread of fraudulent reports. CrossCheck, a collaborative verification project aimed at helping French voters "make sense of what and who to trust online", will offer users the option to identify and flag news stories as either "real", "satire" or "fake". The project is supported by both Facebook and Google's News Lab. Read more How Facebook is starting to tackle fake news Why the French presidential election matters Video: French candidate appears by hologram Facebook has faced criticism for failing to prevent the republishing of false information on its site during last year's US presidential election campaign. Concerns have now been raised that false information may be distributed on Facebook or promoted on Google in the build-up to the French presidential election, which takes place in April and May. Le Monde said on Monday that the CrossCheck project was "an experiment". Last week, Le Monde introduced a new tool, Decodex, aimed at helping readers check the reliability of information online. "In a digital world where the traceability of information is often confusing, or deliberately garbled," Le Monde wrote on its website, "[we will] provide everyone with good practices for checking their sources." In the US, Facebook is providing users with a service that allows them to highlight fake articles on their feeds as a hoax. Facebook has said that it will also work with organisations such as fact-checking website Snopes, ABC News and the Associated Press to check the authenticity of stories. Last month, Facebook set up an initiative in Germany, where officials had expressed concerns that online "hate speech" could influence the parliamentary elections in September in which Chancellor Angela Merkel is seeking a fourth term in office. How will services like CrossCheck work? The aim is to allow users to "upload" information that they believe to be false The links reported are collected and held within a portal, which news organisations have access to The reports can then be fact-checked and the information verified If two partner media establish that a report is false, it will appear in feeds with a flag If a user then wants to share the content, a window will open with a "fake news" alert Related Topics France France presidential election 2017 Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story Fake news: Czechs try to tackle spread of false stories 2 February 2017 Fake news: Too important to ignore 16 January 2017 Facebook’s fake news crisis deepens 15 November 2016 Top Stories Trump considers issuing new travel ban The US president tells reporters on Air Force One that a "brand new order" may be issued next week. 11 February 2017 Written warning for Labour Brexit rebels 11 February 2017 Hundreds more NZ whales stranded 11 February 2017 Features NHS special Is the health service in a complete mess? Kremlin misinformation? Nato speaks out against viral news outlet Week in pictures Some of the world's most striking news photographs Video Back in control 'How I overcame anorexia and bulimia' Painting by numbers Illuminating facts about the UK's art collection Mother's love A 'powerful demonstration of nurturing' or too much? 10 things Dogs mirror owners' personalities and more news nuggets News navigation Europe Sections Europe France Election 2017 Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World selected World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe selected Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit NI Election 2017 Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
