Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Tech & Gadgets New NVIDIA Shield TV; Digital Assistant, 4k Streaming, and Gaming in One Device By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on January 17 2017 02:29 PM Share Tweet Share Share Email Most media streamers of today offer minimal features like full HD streaming. While this is good news back in 2016, current media trend features better viewing experiences. Especially with the advent of high-speed internet and 4K HDR streaming, living room entertainment has never looked more enticing than before. Unfortunately, only a few devices offer a complete 4K streaming enjoyment plus more. Good thing there is the new NVIDIA Shield TV. The upgraded streaming device from NVIDIA now offers 4K HDR streaming capability as well as PC-like gaming. To cap it off, it also features Google’s newest digital assistant. 4K HDR Streaming The NVIDIA Shield TV can deliver the richest 4K visual experience with more than three times the performance of other streamers on the market. It also comes with a number of video streaming services like the Amazon Video in 4K. In addition to this, Netflix, YouTube, VUDU, and Google Play Movies are also available to stream media from. PC-like gaming Apart from being a very capable video streamer, the NVIDIA Shield TV also doubles as a gaming device. The current game line up includes Assasin’s Creed Syndicate, For Honor, Watch Dogs 2, and countless others. On top of these, more games are also scheduled to come out for the NVIDIA Shield TV. These include The Witness, Tomb Raider, and Shadowgun Legends to name a few. NVIDIA Shield TV (via nvidia.com) Do more with Google Assistant Because the NVIDIA Shield TV runs on Android OS, the media streaming device also supports the Google Assistant. NVIDIA is the first to integrate hands-free Google Assistant on the TV. With the Google Assistant, users can search video contents, control video playback, as well as control Smart Home Devices. NVIDIA Shield TV Pricing The NVIDIA Shield TV comes in two different versions, the standard 4K HDR streamer and the HDD equipped NVIDIA Shield TV Pro version. Both come out of the box with an NVIDIA wireless controller and remote. The NVIDIA Shield TV is priced at $200 while the Pro with a 500GB HDD is set at $300. Both devices are available for pre-order in North America, Canada, and selected European regions. The NVIDIA Shield TV will become available in stores later this month. For more updates on the NVIDIA Shield, be sure to check us out at TheBitBag. READ ALSO: With A $300 Price Tag, Is the Nintendo Switch Worth It? Related Items:Google Assistant, NVIDIA SHIELD TV, PC-like Gaming Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Playstation Vue Now Available On NVIDIA SHIELD TV How To Add Google Assistant Without Spending A Cent About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Stardew Valley Nintendo Switch Release In Late 2017 Confirmed! PS4 And Xbox One Bug Fixes, Co-Op Update, And More Details Announced Overwatch Year Of The Rooster Event: Kawaii Mei And D.Va Skins Revealed! What We Know So Far Battleborn Winter Update Around 15GB! What To Expect From The New PS4, Xbox One, And PC Patch Resident Evil Revelations 3: What Fans Want Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Super Mario Odyssey Release Date And Gameplay: Every Detail We Know About The Game It wouldn’t be a Nintendo console if there wasn’t a Super Mario title. The... Overwatch Year Of The Rooster Event: Kawaii Mei And D.Va Skins Revealed! What We Know So Far Recently, the official Overwatch Twitter confirmed an upcoming Chinese New Year Event this coming... Injustice 2 Characters: Poison Ivy, Brainiac, Robin, Bane, And Joker Revealed In New Trailer! Green Lantern Confirmed Fans of the hit DC game Injustice 2 has something major to look forward... Destiny Update: Bug Fixes In January 17 Hotfix For PS4 And Xbox One Bungie recently released an update for Destiny and the patch includes a few bug... Resident Evil 7 Review: Famitsu Scores The Game Lower Than Resident Evil 6! On Par With Umbrella Corps Resident Evil 7 is about to be released soon and it’s an exciting start... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon ps4 google Ubisoft Samsung Playstation 3 The Division mobile gaming no man's sky featured PC iOS EA Editors Pick facebook pokemon sun and moon playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones Blizzard games NBA 2k17 Pokemon Go Update snskid NBA Trade Rumors About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Access provided by My Account Log Out Join Log In Latest News Education Health & Behavior Living Money Politics & Law Autism Cerebral Palsy Down Syndrome Intellectual Disability About Email Sign-Up Advertise Contact Search Jobs Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest RSS Menu The Premier Source for Developmental Disability News Skip to content Latest News Jobs Email Sign-Up Search Facebook Twitter Search... Close 1 Mom Sues After Girl With Special Needs Fed Bleach 2 Trump Education Pick Seemingly ‘Confused’ About IDEA 3 Justice Department Pushes Law Enforcement On ADA Compliance 4 $12 Million Community Planned For Young Adults With Autism 5 Cafe Helps Transition-Age Students — And Serves Good Lattes 6 Google Adds Details On Accessibility 7 Feds Set Disability Hiring Quota 8 Chuck E. Cheese’s Eyes Autism Market 9 Supreme Court May Boost FAPE Mandate 10 Trump Exploring Panel On Vaccine Safety Google Adds Details On Accessibility by Shaun Heasley | January 17, 2017 Google Maps is now including information about accessibility at businesses. (Thinkstock) Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email A small change to Google Maps could make a big difference for people with disabilities. Alongside information about a business’s hours, telephone number and address, the search giant is now including details about whether or not the location has a wheelchair-accessible entrance. “It’s a step toward providing more information about the accessibility of places around the world,” said Elizabeth Davidoff, communications manager for Google Maps. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below The new feature launched late last year and is available globally, Davidoff said. Accessibility details are based on submissions from users. “For the most part, our users submit feedback on whether a place has an accessible entrance, and once enough data is gathered, we’re able to note that a particular location has a wheelchair accessible entrance,” Davidoff said. Business owners can also submit information about accessibility through Google My Business. Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Find a Job Executive Director Direct Support Professional Director of Community Living Medicaid Service Coordinator Director of Program Services View all jobs Post a Job More in Living Comments DISABILITY SCOOP WELCOMES COMMENTS, THOUGH ONLY A SELECTION ARE PUBLISHED. WE LOOK FOR SUBMISSIONS THAT ARE THOUGHTFUL, ON-TOPIC AND ADD NEW IDEAS OR PERSPECTIVE. PLEASE KEEP YOUR REMARKS BRIEF AND REFRAIN FROM INSERTING LINKS. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read Next Politics & Law Mom Sues After Girl With Special Needs Fed Bleach The mother of a 10-year-old with special needs is suing for negligence and "intentional infliction of emotional distress" after her daughter was tube-fed bleach at school.January 19, 2017 Education Trump Education Pick Seemingly ‘Confused’ About IDEA Under sharp questioning from senators, the nominee to lead the U.S. Department of Education suggested that it should be up to states to decide whether schools must follow the IDEA.January 18, 2017 Politics & Law Justice Department Pushes Law Enforcement On ADA Compliance Federal officials are highlighting the responsibilities of everyone from police to courts and attorneys in ensuring that people with developmental disabilities are treated fairly.January 17, 2017 View More Stories © 2017 Disability Scoop, LLC. All Rights Reserved. View this article online at https://www.disabilityscoop.com/2017/01/17/google-adds-details-accessibility/23185/ Sign up today for the Disability Scoop Newsletter Your email here Thanks for your interest Please check your email for instructions to complete your sign-up. © 2008-2017 Disability Scoop, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Advertise Sign up for our newsletter Get the latest developmental disability news from Disability Scoop sent straight to your inbox. Autism Down Syndrome Intellectual Disability Cerebral Palsy And More… E-mail Address: No thanks × You're reading of free articles this month. This is your last free article this month. Get unlimited Disability Scoop access starting at just $5 Join Today Logged in as Already a member? Log In Close Log In   Log In Forgot password? Don't have an account? Join Today
Please Update your browser Your browser is out of date, and may not be compatible with our website. A list of the most popular web browsers can be found below. Just click on the icons to get to the download page. press enter to search Video 30°C DKI Jakarta, Indonesia 30°C Partly Cloudy Dry and mostly cloudy throughout the day. Wed 26℃ - 32℃ Thu 25℃ - 32℃ Fri 25℃ - 31℃ Sat 26℃ - 30℃ Home NEWS PULSE MULTIMEDIA MOST VIEWED MOST SHARED news NEWS politics world national city Business SE ASIA COMMUNITY COMMUNITY Youth OPINION OPINION ACADEMIA INTERVIEW JPLUS TRAVEL TRAVEL News Destinations VIDEO VIDEO VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM PAPER EDITION PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER JPLUS BALI BUZZ JOBS politics world national city News Business Tax office threatens to probe Google case News Desk The Jakarta Post Jakarta | Tue, January 17, 2017 | 11:26 am Batik prints add an Indonesian touch to Google logo display at Google Indonesia's headquarters. (Kompas.com/Oik Yusuf) Topics Google tax Dispute Share this article  share on facebook  share on twitter  share on google plus  share on Linkedin  share on whatsapp  comment  share on email share this article follow Us    The Jakarta tax authority has threatened to start a legal investigation into the tax case of Google Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd if the Internet giant fails to hand over transaction data of the company, an official has said. “If there is any indication of delaying tactics, we will raise the issue to an investigation level, involving police and prosecutors,” said Jakarta Directorate General of Taxation head Muhammad Haniv as reported by tempo.co on Tuesday. With the handover of Google’s transaction data, the government expects to know the advertisement contract data and the company’s server. The government believes that Google owes Rp 337.5 billion (US$25.28 million) tax plus Rp 3 trillion in penalties as the Directorate General of Taxation estimates that Google’s revenue reached Rp 6 trillion for 2015. Haniv said Google argued to the tax office that it needed time because there was a lot of electronic data that had to be handed over to the government. But Haniv suspected that Google might be worried that all of its activities in Indonesia would be uncovered. Late last year, the government gave Google the chance to negotiate. But negotiations have so far been fruitless. “The world’s approach in dealing with Google has ended up with settlements not based on the accurate tax calculations,” Haniv added. He called on Google to hand over the data by late January. He believed that Google would agree to do so before the government started a legal investigation. (bbn) Related News Govt starts investigating Google tax case Indonesia among the worst mercantilists? Big taxpayers, MSMEs targeted in amnesty’s third phase You might also like : NU, Muhammadiyah suffer setbacks over their roles in society ‘Syringe terror’ prompts Papua Police to intensify security Agus could win in West, East Jakarta, Ahok in Central, North Jakarta: Pollster Government to ban violent, anti-Pancasila mass organizations: Minister most viewed most shared Telkom to launch US$199.7m satellite in February Reports: Mark Zuckerberg to visit Indonesia to discuss fake news Jokowi installs new Air Force chief of staff Indonesia widens arms for refugees Nope, Lindsay Lohan didn’t convert to Islam Zoo defends conditions following video of sun bears begging for food FPI leader Rizieq Shihab to testify in Ahok’s hearing Indonesia to secure ownership of 111 islets Agus to prioritize dialogue in handling intolerant groups Activists apply for judicial review of relaxation of mineral export ban follow us       NEWS     JOBS   TRAVEL   LIFE   More Stories SE Asia Indonesia told to strengthen role in ASEAN Academia Vincent Lingga - COMMENTARY: Economic fundamentals key in coping with unexpected Life Eating spicy food can prolong life: Study Travel Respecting the dead in Toraja TRY A DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTION Subscribe to our Newspaper Join the discussions Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. NEWS BUSINESS POLITICS WORLD NATIONAL CITY PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER ACADEMIA INTERVIEW OPINION TRAVEL NEWS DESTINATIONS MULTIMEDIA VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM LIFE LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT ART & CULTURE TECHNOLOGY PEOPLE HEALTH PARENTS BOOKS SOUTHEAST ASIA JOBS COMMUNITY YOUTH News     TRAVEL   Jobs   Our partners kompas.com tribunnews.com kontan.co.id Asia News Network Catch Asia! Media Network About Cyber Media Guidelines Contact Advertise Paper Subscription © 2017 PT. Niskala Media Tenggara
Gigjets Technology Gaming Computers Phones Software and Apps Tablets Connect With Us: X Search this site: Search for: X Navigate Here: Sitemap X Home » Software and Apps » Google Nexus 6 Brings Unexpected Problem with the Latest Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Google Nexus 6 Brings Unexpected Problem with the Latest Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update By Wayne Westerberg / January 12, 2017 / Software and Apps No Comments on Google Nexus 6 Brings Unexpected Problem with the Latest Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update 300 Back in December 2016 Google launched its latest Android 7.1.1 Nougat operating system to its Pixel lineup and then after a couple of weeks it arrived to other Nexus devices as well. While most of the Nexus brand received the major update, one smartphone seemed to be forgotten. Nexus 6 was the last one in the pack to receive the update and the reason for its delay is because there was an unexpected Android 7.1.1 Nougat bug which affected only Nexus 6. The bug has been squashed and Google launched the update to Nexus 6 during late December. While Nexus 6 owners were happy to receive the update, they soon found out that Android 7.1.1 Nougat didn’t only bring a bunch of new features, but also an annoying bug as well. Reports from Google’s Product Forum are showing that once the new operating system is installed, the device’s speaker starts malfunctioning. This happens especially when Nexus 6 users put their calls on speakerphone because the audio gets distorted and their voices start echoing. Sadly, the only solution available right now is to mute the microphone during the speakerphone conversation. This can be rather annoying and it’s only a short term solution. While this can avoided by simply not placing speakerphone calls, Nexus 6 users are certainly upset to see that Google has yet to launch an OTA (over-the-air) fix. The Android community is speculating that because Nexus 6 is getting close to reaching the three year milestone Google is going to completely stop rolling out software updates. The only thing Nexus 6 users can do at the moment is to wait for Google to respond and announce if an update will be coming or not. During this period, the best advice we can give Nexus 6 owners is to just try and avoid placing speakerphone calls. Related Tagged as: Android 7.1.1 Nougat, Google, nexus 6 Recommended stories you may like: Google Nexus 6P Is Affected By Major Echoing Issue LG V20 Major Update Rolling Out by T-Mobile Google Nexus 7 Tutorial – How To Install Lineage 14.1 Nexus 6P Is Now Compatible With Lineage OS Get Lineage OS On Nexus 5 Right Now Google Pixel XL Tutorial – Enabling Stereo Speakers Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Gets December Security Patch Update Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P Updated with Important Security Exploit Fixes Google Nexus 5 Continue to Inspire Developers to Create Custom ROMs Android 7.1.1 Nougat Comes with Issues on Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Nexus 6, Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P Guide to Get Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Android 7.1.1 Nougat Causes Nexus 6P To Enter A Bootloop Mode Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Updates Comes With In-Car Bluetooth Bug Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P January’s Security Patch Ahead Of Schedule Fixed Privacy Issues Nexus 6 On Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Has Speakerphone Echo Issues Google Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Fixing the Wi-Fi Bug Google Nexus 6P Is Affected By Major Echoing IssueJanuary 19, 2017 iPhone 6S vs Nexus 6P – Is Android The Right Choice?January 19, 2017 LG V20 Major Update Rolling Out by T-MobileJanuary 19, 2017 Perception Confirmed to go live on PS4January 19, 2017 iPad Pro 2 vs Lenovo Miix 720 – Best Specs and Features ComparisonJanuary 18, 2017 Google Nexus 7 Tutorial – How To Install Lineage 14.1January 18, 2017 iPad Pro 2 To Be Launched In MarchJanuary 18, 2017 Nexus 6P Becomes One of the Top Durable SmartphonesJanuary 18, 2017 Nexus 6P Is Now Compatible With Lineage OSJanuary 18, 2017 Nexus and LG Have Two Smartwatches Ready To Be LaunchedJanuary 18, 2017 Get Lineage OS On Nexus 5 Right NowJanuary 18, 2017 Google Is Leaving Nexus 6 and 6P Fans BehindJanuary 18, 2017 LG Nexus 5X Google’s Most Unsuccessful DeviceJanuary 17, 2017 Nexus 6P vs LG V20 vs Zenfone AR – Which One Is Worth It?January 17, 2017 Google Pixel XL Tutorial – Enabling Stereo SpeakersJanuary 17, 2017 © GigJets 2016
Gigjets Technology Gaming Computers Phones Software and Apps Tablets Connect With Us: X Search this site: Search for: X Navigate Here: Sitemap X Home » Software and Apps » Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P IBM X-Force Reports Major Security Issue Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P IBM X-Force Reports Major Security Issue By Christopher McCandles / January 12, 2017 / Software and Apps No Comments on Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P IBM X-Force Reports Major Security Issue 151 Nexus devices bring a bunch of advantages to the table, but the most important one of them is the fact that Google is the company directly in charge of this brand. This means that Nexus owners are going to receive major software updates ahead of everyone. While this sounds great, it can sometimes backfire because the operating hasn’t gone through all the required testing processes. A recent report from the security analyst team known as IBM X-Force has brought to light that Google somehow overlooked one major flaw in Android Nougat’s security. A major threat managed to slip through the cracks and it allowed hackers to get access to the targeted device using Google’s Android Debug Bridge. The security team stated that only Nexus 6 and 6P devices were the only ones affected by this issue. In case readers are wondering why this security flaw is considered as such a huge threat towards users, that’s because hackers could access to all of the device’s information. We’re not talking only about text messages and contacts, hackers actually could track individual users by checking their GPS location or even place calls. Seeing how huge this issue was, Google quickly launched January’s security patch which was designed to fix exactly this problem alongside other minor threats. In fact, Google moved so fast that no one knew about this issue until IBM X-Force’s report came out. On the bright side, there aren’t any reports to suggest that this method was used by someone. The reason behind that is that hackers would have been required to get physical access to the targeted device and connect it to a PC via USB. Nonetheless, all smartphone users should be careful not to connect their devices to unknown PCs. Related Tagged as: Android 7.1.1 Nougat, Google, nexus 6, Nexus 6P Recommended stories you may like: Google Nexus 6P Is Affected By Major Echoing Issue LG V20 Major Update Rolling Out by T-Mobile Google Nexus 7 Tutorial – How To Install Lineage 14.1 Nexus 6P Is Now Compatible With Lineage OS Get Lineage OS On Nexus 5 Right Now Google Pixel XL Tutorial – Enabling Stereo Speakers Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Gets December Security Patch Update Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P Updated with Important Security Exploit Fixes Google Nexus 5 Continue to Inspire Developers to Create Custom ROMs Android 7.1.1 Nougat Comes with Issues on Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Nexus 6, Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P Guide to Get Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Android 7.1.1 Nougat Causes Nexus 6P To Enter A Bootloop Mode Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Updates Comes With In-Car Bluetooth Bug Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P January’s Security Patch Ahead Of Schedule Fixed Privacy Issues Nexus 6 On Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Has Speakerphone Echo Issues Google Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Fixing the Wi-Fi Bug Android One Is Coming To The US MarketJanuary 19, 2017 Tekken 7 Release Date to be Announced Next WeekJanuary 19, 2017 Google Nexus 6P Is Affected By Major Echoing IssueJanuary 19, 2017 iPhone 6S vs Nexus 6P – Is Android The Right Choice?January 19, 2017 LG V20 Major Update Rolling Out by T-MobileJanuary 19, 2017 Perception Confirmed to go live on PS4January 19, 2017 iPad Pro 2 vs Lenovo Miix 720 – Best Specs and Features ComparisonJanuary 18, 2017 Google Nexus 7 Tutorial – How To Install Lineage 14.1January 18, 2017 iPad Pro 2 To Be Launched In MarchJanuary 18, 2017 Nexus 6P Becomes One of the Top Durable SmartphonesJanuary 18, 2017 Nexus 6P Is Now Compatible With Lineage OSJanuary 18, 2017 Nexus and LG Have Two Smartwatches Ready To Be LaunchedJanuary 18, 2017 Get Lineage OS On Nexus 5 Right NowJanuary 18, 2017 Google Is Leaving Nexus 6 and 6P Fans BehindJanuary 18, 2017 LG Nexus 5X Google’s Most Unsuccessful DeviceJanuary 17, 2017 © GigJets 2016
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Google Pixel cracking audio is hardware-based after all JC Torres - Jan 16, 2017 12 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Google might have an angry mob at its doorsteps if this latest revelation about the Google Pixel will be confirmed to be the final word about the smartphone. Already riddled by bugs or hardware issues, the first “made by Google” smartphone might end up looking like a rushed disaster, though to a lesser extent than the Galaxy Note 7. That’s because the cracking audio problems reported by some users are, according to a “top-tier” Googgle Support specialist, is actually caused by hardware and, therefore, can’t be fixed through software alone. Last month, the Google Pixel’s list of defects was increased by one when users started noticing static or cracking sounds under certain circumstances. Those circumstances mostly revolve around playing music or videos at max volumes. It was initially speculated to be simply an audio issue and, indeed, installing some third party ROM with a “fix” seems to have banished the cracking away. “Not so fast!”, says the unnamed Google Support rep. According to him/her, the issue is actually caused by hardware on a select “few” devices. This went contrary to a previous Google Tech Support promise that a software update will be coming to fix the problem. Apparently, what the earlier fix simply did was really limit the maximum volume that the speakers could reach, thereby preventing the issue from being triggered in the first place. Perhaps more worrying is that the support rep claims that Google isn’t offering any refund for affected devices. It will only honor the warranty service, which could mean replacing the device with a new one. But as the original report indicated, even replacement units were similarly affected. And since Google isn’t saying exactly which select builds are known to exhibit the issue, current and future owners are left in the dark. The Google Pixel should be the company’s crowning glory in the Android smartphone market. For the most part, it still is. But it has started to show its warts and might also be revealing Google’s style of customer service in the process. SOURCE: Reddit Tags AndroidgoogleGoogle PixelPhonessmartphone Must Read Bits & Bytes 5 games that’ll make Nintendo Switch a must-have QCY Q29 Wireless Earbuds Review: AirPods on a budget The FTC just sued Qualcomm for being anti-competitive Nokia 6 is almost here: here’s why you’ll want one Folding Surface Phone teased in new Microsoft patent Latest Headlines Here are all of the Samsung devices getting Nougat updates Jan 19, 2017 LG Music Flow to get Google Home, Multiroom next month Jan 19, 2017 Resident Evil 7 biohazard will be a Play Anywhere title Jan 19, 2017 Intel Baby Canyon NUC: Kaby Lake, Thunderbolt 3, Optane-ready Jan 19, 2017 Minecraft for Windows 10 Mobile will no longer be updated Jan 19, 2017 Latest Reviews QCY Q29 Wireless Earbuds Review: AirPods on a budget Jan 18, 2017 NVIDIA SHIELD TV Review (Gen2, 2017) Jan 16, 2017 NVIDIA SHIELD Controller Review (Gen 2, 2017) Jan 16, 2017 2017 Cadillac CT6 Platinum AWD Review: Luxury, reinvented Jan 11, 2017 The McLaren 570S is my favorite car of 2016 Dec 30, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Friday, January 20, 2017 As of 2:20 AM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video News ‘Google tax’ to be effective in Australia starting July 1 By Frenalyn Untalan on January 17 2017 2:32 PM 0 0 0 0 Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull addresses the media during a news conference in Woolloomooloo, Sydney, November 14, 2016. AAP/Sam Mooy/via Reuters The Turnbull government is planning to enforce a 40 percent penalty on profits artificially diverted from Australia by multinational companies. This will be made possible through a so-called “diverted profits tax,” which is more popularly known as “Google tax.” It will be effective starting July 1. The Google tax will work alongside the Multinational Anti-Avoidance Law (MAAL). The latter came into effect in Jan.1. Google tax will focus on entities that have a yearly income of $1 billion or more that shift profits to offshore associates through related-party transactions with insufficient economic substance. These are the same entities that lessen tax paid on profits generated in the country by more than 20 percent. An exposure of the bill was released by the government in November, which was welcomed by the Tax Justice Network (TJN). According to the TJN, the mere way to effectively end many of the tax-minimising strategies of multinational enterprises is to look at them as unitary firms, rather than separate entities. The MAAL, on the other hand, focuses on company tax structures that intend to avoid having a taxable presence in the country. Offering a wider scope than the MAAL, the Google tax is expected to be a more powerful tool to combat tax avoidance by multinationals. Some of the largest companies operating in the land down under were criticised by the public for their profit-shifting behaviour and Google tax could potentially resolve this issue. Last year, senior executives from Google, Apple and Microsoft utilised a senate inquiry to defend these corporate entities. It allowed the majority of the revenue from their operations in the country to be taxed in a lower cost offshore jurisdiction. Australia is the second country in the world to introduce Google tax. The first was the United Kingdom in April 2015. “It would reinforce Australia’s position as having amongst the toughest laws in the world to combat corporate tax avoidance,” Federal Treasurer Scott Morrison said. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Sussan Ley to pay taxpayer-funded trips Australian Tax Office remains offline Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 ‘The Bold And The Beautiful’ spoilers for Jan. 13: Seduction games move into full swing; Liam plays the destiny card 0 Shares 2 'Days of Our Lives' spoilers for Jan 16 - 20, 2017: A familiar character will rush to save Hope 0 Shares 3 Feng Shui 2017 tips for home: Year of the Fire Rooster 0 Shares 4 Golden State Warriors vs Cleveland Cavaliers live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time 0 Shares 5 Microsoft Surface Pro 5 to have upgraded Bluetooth, Wi-Fi & camera 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Behind-the-scenes video 0 Shares 7 ‘Outlander’ season 3: cookie monster on the loose 0 Shares 8 ‘Twin Peaks’ season 3 air date, teaser, cast: All that you need to know 0 Shares 9 ‘Vikings’ season 4 episode 18: Bjorn is rising to fame 0 Shares 10 'The X-Files' might soon return with a new season 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Toyota quits operations in Australia AI Group's survey reveals CEOs business outlook in 2017 Lily Camera shuts down, refunds available ANZ revamps issuance policy of replacement cards OpenText director reveals user context is key to achieving workplace efficiency Airbus flying car on experimental stage More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance Patients with nectrotising fasciitis now in stable condition in Sydney hospital, public assured of no risk SA health closes Royal Adelaide Hospital ward Vape explodes on man's face, causes second-degree burn Bombs found after explosions heard, fire broke out in Adelaide unit Queensland coroner to investigate 1972 'overdose' of Shirley Brifman Apex gang members accused of violent crimes to be deported More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Golden State Warriors vs Oklahoma City Thunder live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time Adam Gilchrist offers Steven Smith tips ahead of Australia's tour of India Nick Kyrgios acknwoledges mental problems after Australian Open meltdown Magic Johnson could assume role in Los Angeles Lakers front office Carmelo Anthony refuses to waive no-trade clause, tired of 'drama' with New York Knicks Ben Simmons likely to debut for Philadelphia 76ers post All-Star break More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Nintendo Switch’s Joy-Con controllers are amazing additions to the console Samsung Galaxy S7 vs LG G5: Camera comparison [VIDEO] Nintendo Switch: Non exclusivity and storage problems Apple iPhone 8 can be reportedly submerged underwater for half an hour 2016 hottest year on record, was the 'year of extremes' 'The Last Of Us 2': Joel hints at his own death More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design ‘Vikings’ season 4: Ubbe is a reflection of Ragnar ‘The Bold And The Beautiful’ spoilers for Jan. 18: Quinn implores Ridge to confess about their kiss; Liam gives Steffy an ultimatum 'True Detectives' slated to return with a third season ‘New Girl’ season 6, episode 13 spoilers, recap: ‘Cece’s Boys’ ‘NCIS’ season 14 episode 13 spoilers, promo: Jimmy Palmer the hero ‘Suits’ season 6: Mike and Harvey back together More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Download: The Google App Is Adding A Google Assistant Reset Command – Android Headlines Posted on January 16, 2017 by Android Headlines The Google App is adding a Google Assistant reset command so that users can wipe the slate clean on their unique identifiers for services that are linked to Google Assistant. This is a function that was found referenced within the code to the most … You may soon be able to pay for things with Google AssistantDigital Trends Latest Google app beta adds option to manually set country-specific Search region9 to 5 Google Siri, Google Assistant And The Offline World Of Artificial IntelligenceHuffington Post India Android Police all 9 news articles …read more wrote 25149 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News ‘Overwatch’ Is Smartly Planning A Chinese New Year Event, ‘Year of the Rooster’ – Forbes LinkedIn debuts new desktop version with chatbots, new search and more – TechCrunch New iPads Might Not Launch Until Sometime in the Second Half of 2017 – Mac Rumors Panasonic wants to expand Tesla partnership to sensors for self-driving – TechCrunch Netflix Beats Subscriber Count Target By 36% As Growth Strategy Pays Off – Forbes Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Tuesday, 17 January 2017 | MYT 8:00 AM YouTube ‘Super Chat’ lets users pay to pin comments on live streams Better visibility: With Super Chat, YouTube users can pay to pin their comments to live stream chat windows. — Google Google is set to launch a new service for YouTube letting users pay a few dollars to pin comments or questions to live streams broadcast by famous content creators.  As well as getting comments noticed, it offers YouTubers a new way of monetising their online activities.  The idea is to connect content creators and fans during live stream events broadcast on the platform, during which viewers can interact with YouTubers by asking questions or leaving comments via a chat function.  To boost visibility – especially if there are hundreds or even thousands of people watching – YouTube's new "Super Chat" function will allow viewers to pay a few dollars to pin a message in pride of place at the top of the chat window. "Super Chat" messages will stay pinned at the top of the chat for up to five hours for maximum visibility, grabbing the attention of other viewers, as well as creators, who can reply at their leisure.  Users choose the amount they pay to pin their "Super Chat" message. The more they pay, the longer the comment will be pinned.  YouTube is already launching a beta with YouTube creators iHasCupquake (beauty, 5.2 million followers), Alex Wassabi (comedy, 2.2 million) and Great Library (videogames, 1.4 million).  The new service rolls out more widely from Tuesday, Jan 31 for creators in 20 countries looking to monetise their activities. "Super Chat" replaces "Fan Funding," allowing viewers to make donations to YouTubers, which closes Feb 28. — AFP Relaxnews You May Be Interested CIA unveils new rules for collecting information on Americans India to consider Apple's request for incentives with 'open mind': minister For white-collar staff, AI threatens new workplace revolution Giving nasi lemak extra oomph with wild boar curry Six simple steps to feng shui your home Purple should be your favourite CNY colour Others Also Read Asean travel fair to promote region to the world Help Bajau Laut to have a place to call home Be firm with telemarketers advertisement Latest News Six Coolpad workers detained in patent dispute with former employer Huawei Toshiba woes intensify on reports of US$6bil writedown, shares plummet Snap Inc hires Jennifer Park Stout as head of global policy Panasonic aims to move Tesla auto partnership beyond batteries: CEO US exchanges rent helicopter, drape banner in pursuit of Snapchat IPO Most Viewed in Tech Six Coolpad workers detained in patent dispute with former employer Huawei Pokémon Go: New update fixes GPS drift Panasonic aims to move Tesla auto partnership beyond batteries: CEO Upcoming 2017 MacBook Pros could get latest-gen Intel Core Kaby Lake processors Japan clears up confusion over high-tech toilets The Bentley Continental Supersports gets its own smartwatch For white-collar staff, AI threatens new workplace revolution Bikeshare cycles dumped en masse in China China to develop prototype super, super computer in 2017 Toshiba woes intensify on reports of US$6bil writedown, shares plummet Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D) Navigating Kuala Lumpur's traffic during rush hour can be chaotic. What is the preferred navigation system to beat the jam?
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Newsletter VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 Honor Magic Galaxy S7 edge Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: New research report claims Pixel demand still high at Verizon stores Newsby John Callaham3 days ago 19 866 26 It’s been close to three months since Verizon Wireless started selling the Google Pixel and Pixel XL. However, it appears that there is still a lot of retail demand for the Android Nougat phones even after the busy holiday shopping period of 2016 concluded. See also: Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 4 days ago Fierce Wireless reports that, according to a new paper from Wave7 Research, 9.5 percent of recent sales from 50 Verizon carrier stories were for Google’s Pixel devices. It also notes that most of the regular Pixel models are still out of stock and most new shipments of the Pixel XL won’t happen until sometime in March. Wave7 Research also noted that unlocked Pixel phones were also being regularly activated by other carriers that are not directly selling the devices. It stated, “At AT&T/T-Mobile/Sprint stores, 39% of reps (13 of 33) are aware of an average of ~2 Pixel activations each at these 13 stores.” In particular, T-Mobile reached out to those unlocked Pixel owners early on, offering them bill credits for 24 months that totaled $325 if they signed up for T-Mobile’s ONE unlimited plan. So far, Google has yet to reveal any specific shipment numbers for the new Pixel phones. It’s possible we could get that information later this month as part of the quarterly financial statements from Google’s parent company Alphabet. Fiscal statements are scheduled to be revealed on Thursday, Jan. 26.   News Verizon, Google Pixel, Google Pixel XL, Verizon Wireless Google Pixel, Google Pixel XL, Verizon, Verizon Wireless  Fierce Wireless John Callaham Deals 88% Unblock All: Lifetime Subscription $313 $39 88% PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597 $69 80% Brain.fm: Lifetime Subscription $199.99 $39 Pay What You Want: Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,573.00 $35 Show 19 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Bluetooth Speaker soundguys   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2016 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 4 days ago56 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News   Last year’s worst passwords were just as bad as ever 16 minutes ago   PSA: Galaxy S7 defaults to Full HD after Nougat update, here’s how to c... 2 hours ago   Ex-Huawei employees arrested for leaking secrets to LeEco and Coolpad 3 hours ago   The Nokia 6 took one minute to sell out 4 hours ago   EA brings action title WarFriends to Android, download it for free today 5 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Newsletter Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Newsletter © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Menu Search Search Media Movies Waxword Alonso Duralde Steve Pond Deal Central Toronto Festival Movie Reviews Box Office Sundance TV Ratings TV Reviews Media Media Alley Hollywood, D.C. Awards Oscars Emmys Golden Globes SAG Awards Events The Be Conference Events Power Women Breakfast ShortList TheGrill Awards, Foreign Screening Series Features OscarWrap Hidden Figures OscarWrap 20th Century Women OscarWrap Dark Horses 2016 OscarWrap Moonlight ‘STRANGER THINGS’ DAVID HARBOUR Fall TV 2016 EmmyWrap Kit Harington EmmyWrap Emilia Clarke EmmyWrap Sarah Paulson EmmyWrap Hello and Goodbye Fall TV 2015 More Tech Culture Reviews Videos Photos Powergrid Sundance Facebook Twitter Instagram Search Search Facebook, Amazon, Netflix, Alphabet Q4 Earnings Preview: What to Watch For The four “FANG” stocks are set to start reporting earnings this week — and Wall Street and Hollywood are watching Matt Pressberg | January 16, 2017 @ 4:30 PM TheWrap Hollywood will take a break from awards season to intermittently focus its gaze on the stock market over the next three weeks, as Wall Street’s four erstwhile darlings with serious content ambitions — Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Google parent Alphabet — will report their fourth-quarter and full-year earnings. Investors will be scrutinizing those reports closely after all four mega-corporations ended last year with a whimper, underperforming the Dow Jones industrial average after a torrid 2015. However, Wall Street still looks to Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Google — also known as the “FANG” stocks — to get a sense of what some of the biggest companies at the nexus of technology and media are focused on and, more importantly, what’s working. Here’s what investors will be looking for when this Big Four reports: Facebook (Feb. 1, close of market) Also Read: Facebook Hires Campbell Brown to Lead News Partnership Team What to watch for: dealing with “fake news,” video ads Actual fake news with incorrect facts and a false premise, not just news branded fake because it makes people uncomfortable, has been a major headline of America’s post-election autopsy. Facebook, where 62 percent of Americans get news at least occasionally, has implied a little bit of culpability through a new fact-checking protocol and its hiring of experienced journalist Campbell Brown to work with media organizations. But more germane to Wall Street is Facebook’s recent decision to allow mid-roll ads in videos posted by publishers, which would play after a video is viewed for at least 20 seconds. That ought to help publishers make more money off Facebook traffic — which many have complained about — as well as entice legitimate news sources to post more of their content on the social network. Investors will pay close attention to any update Facebook has on new ad products, especially after the company’s chief financial officer warned of a slowdown in ad revenue during last quarter’s earnings call. Also Read: 'Man in the High Castle' Lands Season 3, New Showrunner Amazon (Jan. 26, close of market) What to watch for: Amazon Web Services, new Prime Video markets Hugely profitable cloud computing division Amazon Web Services and expectedly huge holiday shopping numbers will be where most investors’ eyes are when Amazon reports earnings, but they’ll also pay attention to its burgeoning Prime Video content empire. As it was last year (and as is fellow streaming behemoth Netflix), Amazon is expected to be one of the most aggressive buyers at Sundance and elsewhere as it looks to lock down exclusive content to entice viewers to sign up for its subscription video service. Last month, Amazon Prime Video launched in 242 countries, giving it a wider footprint than even Netflix. And if Amazon shares more data that shows its content ambitions are proceeding nicely, that could give investors another reason to buy into what’s already an e-commerce and cloud computing force of nature. Also Read: Netflix in January: What's Coming and What to Watch Before It's Gone (Photos) Netflix (Jan. 18, close of market) What to watch for: Subscribers, international growth At last January’s Consumer Electronics Show, Netflix announced its expansion into 130 countries, bringing it to 190 in all — but like Amazon Prime Video, not China. One year on, investors will want to see what kind of dividends that global rollout is paying. Analysts at investment bank William Blair are expecting Netflix to top 100 million subscribers worldwide in 2017, with more than half coming from international markets. And with Netflix announcing on its last earnings call that it was planning on spending $6 billion on content in 2017, that global growth needs to happen fast to pay for all that programming. Netflix added 3.6 million subscribers during the last quarter, with 3.2 million being non-U.S., which should provide a benchmark to measure international growth. Also Read: Netflix Teases Lily Collins as Anarchist in Bong Joon Ho's 'Okja' (Photos) Netflix’ original series continue to garner critical acclaim, which ought to help attract subscribers. “Stranger Things” and “The Crown” were both nominated for best TV drama at this year’s Golden Globes, and “The Crown” and lead actress Claire Foy picked up trophies. Google (Alphabet Inc.) (Jan. 26, close of market) What to watch for: mobile search, YouTube, Android TV Also Read: Top Google Searches of 2016: Beyonce, Trump, Prince, 'Pokemon Go' Better-than-expected mobile advertising numbers helped Google’s parent company beat expectations when it reported third-quarter earnings, and given the way this year’s election season kept people glued to their phones, investors are expecting continued strength in mobile ads. But as viewers migrate from big cable packages to watching internet video, YouTube is also becoming a bigger part of Alphabet’s success. Alphabet Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat said “YouTube revenue continues to grow at a very significant rate” on the last earnings call, and investors will want to see if that continues, especially with Facebook making a heavy push into video and streaming TV alternatives like DirecTV Now and Sling emerging. Google is also developing its own smart TV platform, Android TV, and as streaming continues to develop, it will be worth noting if Alphabet shares any updates on Android TV — which is still not compatible with several major video apps and services, including DirecTV Now. 10 Biggest Billion-Dollar Entertainment Deals in 2016 (Photos) Media and entertainment dealmakers returned in full force this year after a quiet 2015, as there were nine mergers and acquisitions valued at more than $1 billion -- from Chinese buyers such as the Dalian Wanda Group to AT&T, which agreed to acquire Time Warner for $85 billion. Here's a rundown of the biggest. Various 10. Disney buys a minority stake in BAMTech Price tag: $1 billion In August, the Mouse House announced that it paid $1 billion for a 33 percent stake in streaming video technology company BAMTech, which was spun off from Major League Baseball’s MLB Advanced Media. Disney plans to use BAMTech’s technology to launch a standalone ESPN streaming service – but without the same content as linear ESPN. Disney 9. Dalian Wanda Group buys Dick Clark Productions Price tag: $1 billion The real estate and entertainment conglomerate owned by China’s richest man continues to snap up showbiz companies by the billion, acquiring the Golden Globes and American Music Awards producer for a cool $1 billion earlier this month. Dick Clark Productions 8. Rovi acquires TiVo Price tag: $1.1 billion Video technology firm Rovi Corp., bought the pioneering live-TV recording tech company for $1.1 billion in a deal that was finalized in September. After the deal was complete, Rovi adopted the better-known TiVo name. Getty Images 7. AMC Theatres buys Carmike Cinemas Price tag: $1.2 billion Wanda-owned AMC Theatres acquired Carmike, the U.S.’ fourth-largest exhibitor, forming the biggest theater chain in the country with more than 600 theaters. That surpasses Regal Entertainment, which operates 565 locations. AMC/Carmike 6. AMC Theatres buys Odeon & UCI Cinemas Price tag: $1.2 billion AMC also added Odeon & UCI Cinemas, Europe's biggest chain, to its ever-expanding suite of cinemas. AMC will rename the company to Odeon Cinemas Group and maintain its London headquarters. AMC/Odeon & UCI 5. Dalian Wanda Group buys Legendary Entertainment Price tag: $3.5 billion Wanda was responsible for the first megadeal of 2016, when it acquired the “Jurassic World” production company for $3.5 billion. Legendary lost $500 million in 2015, but its action-packed fare such as “Warcraft” is popular in China’s fast-growing movie market. Legendary/Wanda 4. Comcast's NBCUniversal buys DreamWorks Price tag: $3.8 billion The blowout success of animated films like “Zootopia” and “Finding Dory” was one of the stories of 2016, and NBCU doubled down on the genre by adding the “Kung Fu Panda” and “Shrek” studio to its fold. DreamWorks 3. Lionsgate merges with Starz Price tag: $4.4 billion The “Hunger Games” studio and premium cable channel announced their merger plans in June, a year after telecom billionaire and major Starz shareholder John Malone bought a stake in Lionsgate. Starz will become an independently run subsidiary of Lionsgate once the deal is officially approved. Lionsgate/Starz 2. Verizon buys Yahoo Price tag: $4.8 billion – or maybe less The embattled Internet 1.0 company finally found its lifeboat, selling its core business to Verizon for $4.8 billion in July, eight years after rejecting a $45 billion bid from Microsoft. But after the extent of Yahoo’s 2014 hack was revealed, Verizon was pushing for a $1 billion discount, and has been taking a second look at the deal. Verizon/Yahoo 1. AT&T agrees to acquire Time Warner Price tag: $85.4 billion AT&T agreed to buy Time Warner, combining two century-old companies to create a content and distribution powerhouse in the biggest media deal since the ill-fated 2000 AOL-Time Warner merger. One caveat: Donald Trump, who has been an outspoken critic of Time Warner’s CNN, had threatened to block the deal. However, a Wall Street-friendly Republican Congress could provide a smoother path. AT&T/Time Warner Previous Slide Next Slide 1 of 11 Rewind 2016: From China’s Dalian Wanda Group to AT&T, deep-pocketed buyers were chasing content all year Media and entertainment dealmakers returned in full force this year after a quiet 2015, as there were nine mergers and acquisitions valued at more than $1 billion -- from Chinese buyers such as the Dalian Wanda Group to AT&T, which agreed to acquire Time Warner for $85 billion. Here's a rundown of the biggest. View In Gallery Show Comments Related Content Media Facebook Hires Campbell Brown to Lead News Partnership Team By Brian Flood | January 6, 2017 @ 9:38 AM TV CES 2017: Streaming TV Enters the Age of Amazon By Matt Pressberg | January 3, 2017 @ 8:00 PM Media Facebook Plans to Start Buying Original Video Content By Reid Nakamura | December 14, 2016 @ 11:16 AM Most Popular TV Oscar Host Jimmy Kimmel: I Hope Matt Damon Loses Media Marla Maples, Tiffany Trump Want Free Hair and Makeup for Inauguration TV Chefs Alice Waters, Jacques Pepin Say ‘Top Chef’ Does ‘Disservice’ to Cooking TV ‘Will & Grace’ to Return to NBC for 10-Episode Run Movies ‘Rogue One’ Shows Disney Still Doesn’t Really Get ‘Star Wars’ (Commentary) Information Masthead Newsletter Subscription About Us OscarWrap 2017 OscarWrap 2016 OscarWrap 2015 EmmyWrap 2016 EmmyWrap 2015 CannesWrap 2016 CannesWrap 2015 Fall TV Preview Press Releases Contact Advertise With Us Jobs Featured Blogs Waxword Steve Pond Alonso Duralde Media Alley Party Report Hollywood, D.C. TheGrill Conference Obits Hello! Hollywood Connect Facebook Twitter YouTube
Gigjets Technology Gaming Computers Phones Software and Apps Tablets Connect With Us: X Search this site: Search for: X Navigate Here: Sitemap X Home » Phones » Nexus 6P vs. iPad Pro 9.7 Inch – Which Tablet is Worth Your Money? Nexus 6P vs. iPad Pro 9.7 Inch – Which Tablet is Worth Your Money? By Wayne Westerberg / January 12, 2017 / Phones, Tablets No Comments on Nexus 6P vs. iPad Pro 9.7 Inch – Which Tablet is Worth Your Money? 175 It’s a known fact by now that the tablet market isn’t as competitive as the smartphone one. The reason behind this is that there isn’t such a high demands for tablets and tech manufacturers are not inclined to refresh their lineups. Also, another reason to why tech fans are not asking for newer tablets is because smartphones have gotten better with each year and they fit everyone’s needs. It looks like every major tech company has a flagship smartphone that’s able to take a tablet any given day at least in the hardware department. Today we’re going to test that by taking Google’s Nexus 6P and compare it against Apple’s iPad Pro 9.7 inch. Hardware Performance We have chosen Apple’s iPad Pro 9.7 is because it’s one of the most popular tablets available on the market right now and also because it’s considered as being a contender for the best tablet title. Google’s device on the other hand has a reputation for always being able to provide users with stable performances under any circumstances including heavy usage. Huawei, the manufacturer behind Nexus 6P equipped the device with Qualcomm’s Snapdragon MSM9884 Snapdragon 810 processor which clocks at 2.0GHz. The chipset is also paired with 3GB of RAM and a rather large 3450 mAh battery that lasts for days on end. The smartphone comes in the following variants 32GB/64GB and 128GB. Apple didn’t shy away from equipping its tablet with its own A9X 640-bit processor which has been clocked at 2.3GHz. The processor is coupled with 4GB of RAM and a M9 motion coprocessor. iPad Pro 9.7 also comes in three storage variants and they are 32GB/128GB and 256GB. The device features a 27.5 Wh battery which lasts for 24 hours under steady use. It’s pretty clear that the tablet has won this hardware performance fight, but it’s safe to say that Nexus 6P definitely is able to hold its own. We can expected that 2017’s flagship devices will be able to put up an even bigger fight than Nexus 6P. Related Tagged as: Apple, Google, iPad Pro 9.7, Nexus 6P Recommended stories you may like: Google Has Forgotten About Nexus 6P Android One Is Coming To The US Market iPhone 6S vs Nexus 6P – Is Android The Right Choice? iPad Pro 2 vs Lenovo Miix 720 – Best Specs and Features Comparison iPad Pro 2 To Be Launched In March Nexus 6P Becomes One of the Top Durable Smartphones LG Nexus 5X Google’s Most Unsuccessful Device Nexus 6P vs LG V20 vs Zenfone AR – Which One Is Worth It? Google Pixel Lineup Is Selling Very Well Nexus 6P Is Ridden With Software Issues – What’s Next To Do? Google Is Slowly Killing Nexus 6P Honor 5X vs. Honor 6X – Huawei’s Best Comparison Nexus 6 Users Angry at Google for not Satisfying their Needs Nexus 6P vs. Nexus 5X – What Sets Them Apart? Google Nexus 5X vs Samsung Galaxy J7 – Which One Is Better? Huawei Honor 6X Completely Outshines Nexus 6P in a Simple Comparison Google Has Forgotten About Nexus 6PJanuary 19, 2017 Android One Is Coming To The US MarketJanuary 19, 2017 Tekken 7 Release Date to be Announced Next WeekJanuary 19, 2017 Google Nexus 6P Is Affected By Major Echoing IssueJanuary 19, 2017 iPhone 6S vs Nexus 6P – Is Android The Right Choice?January 19, 2017 LG V20 Major Update Rolling Out by T-MobileJanuary 19, 2017 Perception Confirmed to go live on PS4January 19, 2017 iPad Pro 2 vs Lenovo Miix 720 – Best Specs and Features ComparisonJanuary 18, 2017 Google Nexus 7 Tutorial – How To Install Lineage 14.1January 18, 2017 iPad Pro 2 To Be Launched In MarchJanuary 18, 2017 Nexus 6P Becomes One of the Top Durable SmartphonesJanuary 18, 2017 Nexus 6P Is Now Compatible With Lineage OSJanuary 18, 2017 Nexus and LG Have Two Smartwatches Ready To Be LaunchedJanuary 18, 2017 Get Lineage OS On Nexus 5 Right NowJanuary 18, 2017 Google Is Leaving Nexus 6 and 6P Fans BehindJanuary 18, 2017 © GigJets 2016
Close Skip to main content The Guardian Change editions from the US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business headlines US news world news science US politics business opinion opinion home Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher opinion home Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS arts culture home books music art & design tv & radio stage culture home books music art & design tv & radio stage life lifestyle home fashion lifestyle home food recipes love & sex lifestyle home fashion lifestyle home food recipes love & sex What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out apps jobs crosswords video apps jobs crosswords video Facebook Twitter soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Australian Open 2017 Heather Watson defeats Stosur in Australian Open first round - as it happened Heather Watson defeats Sam Stosur 6-3, 3-6, 6-0 in Melbourne Brit progresses to Australian Open second round as Stosur flounders Updated Britain’s Heather Watson celebrates after defeating Australia’s Samantha Stosur in their first round match at the Australian Open in Melbourne. Photograph: Andy Brownbill/AP Russell Jackson at Melbourne Park @rustyjacko Tuesday 17 January 2017 01.28 EST First published on Monday 16 January 2017 22.34 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 1.19am EST 01:19 Heather Watson knocks Sam Stosur out of the Australian Open! 1.08am EST 01:08 Watson breaks again! 12.47am EST 00:47 Heather Watson breaks early in the third set! 12.31am EST 00:31 Sam Stosur takes the second set to level it! 11.52pm EST 23:52 Stosur breaks early in the second set! 11.37pm EST 23:37 Heather Watson takes the first set! 11.25pm EST 23:25 Watson breaks again! Live feed Show 1.28am EST 01:28 The final analysis Heather Watson’s dream start is Sam Stosur’s nightmare today. While the Australian grabs her kit and nicks off Watson hangs around to whoop it up and sign a few autographs, and well she might after that third-set demolition. It fell away very quickly for Stosur. The Australian hit 35 winners to Watson’s 21 but also 47 unforced errors to 23, erring so often when the heat was on. Winning only 55% of her points on first serve certainly didn’t help either. She briefly stirred in the second set, which she claimed 6-3, but it was one-way traffic in the third and she couldn’t wait to get off the court in the end. On an energy-sapping 36-degree Melbourne afternoon she’s been turfed from her home slam. That’s all from me, but thanks for following along. Heather Watson is through to the second round of the Australian Open and will face either American Jennifer Brady or Belgium’s Maryna Zanevska. Here’s Kevin Mitchell’s match report: Heather Watson dumps Samantha Stosur out of Australian Open Read more Updated at 1.53am EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.19am EST 01:19 Heather Watson knocks Sam Stosur out of the Australian Open! 3rd set: Heather Watson defeats Sam Stosur 6-3, 3-6, 6-0 With one final break of serve, Sam Stosur is done for and Heather Watson has progressed to the second round with a convincing disposal of the Aussie. Stosur managed thre crashing forehand winners in the last game to lead that count 21-7, but she’s endured a nightmare third set otherwise and concedes the break, set and match with another unforced error. This 6-3, 3-6, 6-0 victory is a huge boost for the Brit, who progressed to the second round and sends a local hope crashing to a quite dispiriting defeat. I’ll be back soon with more stats, but the final set scoreline says much. Updated at 1.19am EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.13am EST 01:13 3rd set: *Sam Stosur 0-5 Heather Watson (*denotes next server) Watson played a delightful lob in Stosur’s last service game and lets fly another here to go up 15-0, but with an unlucky net roll that’s soon 15-30. She regroups well enough and Stosur nets to hand her game point. The Brit continues to struggle on her first serve but eventually holds. She’ll prevail here. Heather Watson is throwing herself into the task against Sam Stosur. Photograph: Issei Kato/Reuters Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.08am EST 01:08 Watson breaks again! 3rd set: Sam Stosur 0-4 Heather Watson* (*denotes next server) The other thing Heather Watson has going for her is 20:20 vision, it seems. Stosur appears to fire down an ace at the start of this game but the Brit reviews it on the suspicion it was long and indeed it is. She’s a little flustered otherwise but Stosur recovers to 30-0 before getting the rough end of a ragged rally, then transgressing with a double fault. An artless forehand later and the Aussie is facing another break point, but pulls out a wondrous forehand winner to save it. Watson laughs, because it’s all she can do, but then unleashes a beauty of her own to win another break point. Stosur isn’t done and save both it and another, and again her service game is nothing short of an ordeal, so this match hits its two-hour mark. There’s also some real drama here when a line challenge goes horribly against Watson, and she’s right to be peeved because Stosur is given a replay rather than penalised for netting her return of the contentious shot. Finally, after the best part of 20 minutes, Watson breaks. She’s home and hosed. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.50am EST 00:50 3rd set: *Sam Stosur 0-3 Heather Watson (*denotes next server) Earlier in this match Stosur was really wailing on herself but now there’s a kind of muted sense of resignation to her fate, I fear. At 30-15 on serve Watson forces her opponent to miscue again and Stosur cries a frustrated “Nooooo!” towards the heavens. It’s no cinch but Watson holds serve after yet another unforced error from the Aussie. That’s 40 to Watson’s 18. Samantha Stosur is staring down the barrel of a first round exit at the Australian Open. Photograph: Aaron Favila/AP Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.47am EST 00:47 Heather Watson breaks early in the third set! 3rd set: Sam Stosur 0-2 Heather Watson* (*denotes next server) The saga continues. Having had Watson on the rack for much of the last service game but failing to break, Stosur now gives her opponent a significant opening on her own at 0-30. Watson thumps a backhand long, but Stosur does the same with a forehand to gift the Brit two break points early in the decider. Watson needs only one, playing a quite brilliant forehand down the line after a hell of a chase. She’s in the box seat now. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.43am EST 00:43 3rd set: *Sam Stosur 0-1 Heather Watson (*denotes next server) New set, new mood for this match? Maybe. Stosur has a +9 differential for winners but also a +16 differential for unforced errors, and commits a few on this opening Watson service game, letting the Brit slip out to 40-15 before charging her way back into it with a pair of rallies in which she’s just brutalising her opponent. Watson has a chance to close it out but Stosur produces the shot of the match, charging to her right and sliding into a superb forehand winner down the line. Sheesh. It’s an epic struggle for her but Watson finall holds serve. Heather Watson of Great Britain serves against Samantha Stosur of Australia. Photograph: Clive Brunskill/Getty Images Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.31am EST 00:31 Sam Stosur takes the second set to level it! 2nd set: Sam Stosur 6-3 Heather Watson* (*denotes next server) Sam Stosur is hauling herself back by the brink here in the first round of the Australian Open and takes this second set 6-3 in () minutes against Britain’s Heather Watson. In this game the Aussie benefitted from a few unforced errors from her opponent to bring up two set points, which she claims at the first attempt by slapping a cross-court forehand winner. It took her 54 minutes in this set but she’s back on level terms. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.27am EST 00:27 2nd set: *Sam Stosur 5-3 Heather Watson (*denotes next server) Watson holds but it’s a close run thing. Her first serve continues to trouble her (53% now, but she does tend to win the point when she does nail it), but she’s going to make the local serve it out for the set. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.23am EST 00:23 2nd set: Sam Stosur 5-2 Heather Watson* (*denotes next server) A good combination of Australian tennis superstar tics here by Stosur, who gives herself a Lleytonesque ‘come on’ at one point in this service game, then pulls out the old Pat Rafter finger blow a few serves later. ‘Sorry mate’ and a chequered headband can’t be far off. Anyway, she’s up against it in a long, gripping service game, giving up her first break point with a desperately unlucky net roll after a spirited rally. A colossal first serve saves the day but she’s forced to retrieve another few break points and it’s all very tense, so Watson slams her racket down in frustration. Finally Stosur seals it with an ace. Samantha Stosur of Australia puts on an ice vest to deal with the Melbourne heat. Photograph: Joe Castro/AAP Updated at 12.24am EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.11am EST 00:11 2nd set: *Sam Stosur 4-2 Heather Watson (*denotes next server) Watson has to be careful of the momentum change here, and moves to 30-0 with decent authority on her serve. Stosur is livid with herself when another mis-hit forehand flies out and she nets next point to hand a cheap service game to the Brit. It’s still the Australian’s set to lose but Watson is making her earn it. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.08am EST 00:08 2nd set: Sam Stosur 4-1 Heather Watson* (*denotes next server) Stosur continues to serve well enough, but some of the rest is a bit shonky in this game; at one point she races in to the net for another easy put-away but botches it so badly you can hardly believe it. An ace sets up game point and she appears to have the better of a muscular rally before again mis-hitting a cross-court forehand to make it deuce. That pattern keeps repeating, but she holds with a big ace. One other thing worth mentioning: it’s bloody hot in Melbourne today. Fine for me, sitting in the shade, but it’s 36 degrees celsius with not a hint of a breeze inside this arena. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.01am EST 00:01 2nd set: *Sam Stosur 3-1 Heather Watson (*denotes next server) This is a tough one for Watson; if she forces Stosur into rallies she knows that unforced errors are a likelihood, but just as often she’s belting winners. The Brit controls this service game well, racing out to a 40-0 buffer before Stosur goes long with a backhand put-away, which had bobbed up off the net. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.56pm EST 23:56 2nd set: Sam Stosur 3-0 Heather Watson* (*denotes next server) I’ve no idea where this came from but Stosur is suddenly sizzling along, and Watson’s plight is given its best visual representation when she gets herself in a tangle trying to change direction, falling to her backside on the baseline. A couple of swipes later and and the Aussie leads 40-0, but falters twice in testing rallies to bring her opponent back into it. Eventually she holds, and the crowd is getting behind her a little more now. Heather Watson is now facing a sterner challenge against Australian Sam Stosur. Photograph: Clive Brunskill/Getty Images Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.52pm EST 23:52 Stosur breaks early in the second set! 2nd set: *Sam Stosur 2-0 Heather Watson (*denotes next server) Now an opening for Stosur after Watson cracks a backhand long to make it deuce, and another fades wide across the court to hand the Australian a break point. Is this the start of a counter-punch? Watson hammers a very opportune ace but then a line challenge goes against her and she’s facing a break again. She nets! Stosur lives! Other scores: Rafael Nadal leads Florian Mayer 6-3, 5-4. Dominika Cibulkova has taken the first set 7-5 against Denisa Allertova. Marcos Baghdatis leads Mikhail Youzhny 5-2 in the first. In other news: Marcos Baghdatis and Mikhail Youzhny are both still a thing. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.45pm EST 23:45 2nd set: Sam Stosur 1-0 Heather Watson* (*denotes next server) Margaret Court Arena is deathly quiet as Stosur serves to get the second set under way. She’s clubbing the ball about as usual and gives herself a determined “come on!” when she cracks a forehand winner to make it 30-15, but this isn’t going to plan so far for the local hope. She needs to forget about the first set altogether but can’t when she blasts another unforced error to make it deuce, then another when she had a chance to hold. Unforced error count: 16-6 against the Aussie. Stosur holds but it’s a battle. Samantha Stosur of Australia in action against Heather Watson. Photograph: Joe Castro/AAP Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.37pm EST 23:37 Heather Watson takes the first set! 1st set: *Sam Stosur 3-6 Heather Watson (*denotes next server) Now a mini-wobble for Watson, who goes from 30-0 to 30-30 with a couple of errant forehands, but Stosur nets a point later to hand her set point. She arches her back, rocks into her service motion and sends an ace straight down the middle! Can’t get much more authoritative than that. She’s taken the first set in 33 minutes and Sam Stosur is in all sorts of trouble in round one. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.33pm EST 23:33 1st set: Sam Stosur 3-5 Heather Watson* (*denotes next server) An interesting stat: Stosur is going at 87% with her first serve to Watson’s 52%, and still trails. Perhaps more telling is that the Australian leads the unforced error count 10-4 as this game gets under way. On serve she’s soon slapping her thigh at another misfire but stays relatively calm to serve hard and wide, then belts an ace straight down the middle to make it 40-15. An easy put-away volley at the net then goes awry. More murmurs. Watson nets in the next rally, so Stosur holds. “C’mooooon Sam!” cries one forlorn-sounding fan. Updated at 11.33pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.28pm EST 23:28 1st set: *Sam Stosur 2-5 Heather Watson (*denotes next server) Nothing is going right for Stosur at the moment and even her best groundstrokes are being sent back with interest, so she gives Watson a taste of her own medicine and charges the net with brief success. At 30-15 on her second serve, the Brit watches a forehand return sizzle past her. Brief murmurs. But Watson holds when another Stosur forehand flies long. Stosur takes a seat, straps on an ice vest and has a good hard think about it all. She’s in a spot of bother here. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.25pm EST 23:25 Watson breaks again! 1st set: Sam Stosur 2-4 Heather Watson* (*denotes next server) I’m rating this about a 6.7 on the Stosur wobble-meter now. Again she’s a bit of a mess on serve and despite one winner to lift he spirits, hands Watson two break points. The Australian nets to concede the first. Oh dear. It. Is. Happening. Heather Watson of Great Britain plays a backhand in her first round match against Samantha Stosur of Australia . Photograph: Clive Brunskill/Getty Images Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.20pm EST 23:20 1st set: *Sam Stosur 2-3 Heather Watson (*denotes next server) Watson returns with a double fault but regathers herself to construct a smart little rally, at the end of which she puts away a volley at the net, adding the variety of an overhead smash a point later to reach a 30-15 buffer. Then a big first serve down the middle, which Stosur barely touches. Stosur nets to gift her the game. It’s currently very hard to predict the way this one is going to go. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.17pm EST 23:17 Watson breaks back! 1st set: Sam Stosur 2-2 Heather Watson* (*denotes next server) This is better from Watson, who goes on the attack now against Stosur’s serve and draws an error by working the angles. The Aussie soon clatters a big backhand winner down the line to stir her home crowd a little but misses a duplicate next up to make it 30-30. With an errant, off-balance forehand she’s suddenly offered up a a break point and concedes it with a wide backhand. Hmm. Now the wobble. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.13pm EST 23:13 1st set: *Sam Stosur 2-1 Heather Watson (*denotes next server) Watson’s seriously under the cosh here and comes off the worse from a baseline rally of quite brutal power, crying in frustration as she biffs another forehand out. Stosur nets a sliced backhand and then wallops an artless forehand long to make it 30-15 and allow her opponent to settle just a touch, but Watson then does the inexplicable and tries a drop shot from beyond the baseline when the situation demanded a cross-court forehand. It doesn’t clear the net. Against the tide she holds serve but it’s not exactly convincing. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.09pm EST 23:09 1st set: Sam Stosur 2-0 Heather Watson* (*denotes next server) Now an emphatic start to Stosur’s service game when she rifles a forehand metres past the reach of Watson for the winner. At 30-0 the Brit tries to fight fire with fire but her own attempted cross-court winner flies long and wide before Stosur holds with ease. I don’t want to speak too soon, but she means business today. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.07pm EST 23:07 Stosur with an early break of serve 1st set: Sam Stosur* 1-0 Heather Watson (*denotes next server) Watson gets us under way on serve and forces Stosur wide for a backhand error to start. The Aussie regroups quickly and is stroking the ball beautifully in a rally but cracks a forehand long to make it 30-0 for Watson. Stosur makes a move, sending Watson sprinting all over the court in an entertaining rally and lobbing her to draw level at 30-30. The break point is opened up a point later when Stosur gets everything behind an angled forehand and the Brit can’t retrieve it, and with another unforced error Stosur has the early break. Perfect start for her. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.01pm EST 23:01 Elsewhere at Melbourne Park right now Rafael Nadal leads Florian Mayer 5-2 in the first set on Rod Laver Arena, Serena Williams has just accounted for Belinda Bencic in a tough two-setter, Britain’s Kyle Edmund leads Santiago Giraldo 3-1 in the first, and Aussie Alex Bolt trails two sets to one against Yoshihito Nishioka of Japan. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.56pm EST 22:56 Both players are out on court Big cheers for Stosur, muffled clapping for Watson, who fares worse on the cheer-ometer than the chair umpire. That’s a bit rough. Watson wins the toss and elects to...hmm...it’s not quite clear yet. I’m sure there will be an announcement on that soon. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.49pm EST 22:49 Heather Watson trivia The Brit has won singles titles in some delightfully obscure locations as far as the pro tennis circuit goes, including Frinton, Monterrey and Wrexham. Residents of Frinton, Monterrey and Wrexham, please do not write in with abuse. Watson also attended the Nick Bollitieri Tennis Academy, which really should have been spun into a movie franchise if you ask me. A bit of make-up and Steve Guttenberg clearly could have played Bolletieri, too. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.42pm EST 22:42 Preamble Hello all and welcome to this round one Australian Open encounter between local veteran and world No21 Sam Stosur and Great Britain’s Heather Watson, who is currently 81 in the rankings but for all her undoubted potential, has never progressed beyond the third round of a grand slam. That’s also her best result in Melbourne – back in 2013. What can we expect here? It’s a psychological drama, basically. Stosur could and should win it, but just as likely won’t. Her path to her home grand slam has been first round losses at Brisbane and Sydney. Not ideal. “I can’t change it,” the Australian said this week. “It is what it is. I’m not going into my first round freaking out that I haven’t had more than two matches.” But then the minute she even utters the words “freaking out” we all start, well, freaking out on her behalf. Watson has lost to the Australian both times they’ve squared off, but knows she’s half a chance here. In the meantime I’m watching the tailend of a match in which the utterly predictable has happened: Milos Raonic and his Johnny Lawrence headband have ruthlessly dispatched Dustin Brown 6-3, 6-4, 6-2 in a little over 90 minutes. Can we test him to make sure he’s really a Canadian? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.39pm EST 18:39 Russell will be here shortly. In the meantime, check out the latest on Alex De Minaur, who has proved something of a local sensation in the first two days of the Australian Open. Hot property Alex De Minaur a breath of fresh air at Australian Open Read more Updated at 10.29pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close Topics Australian Open 2017 Australian Open Samantha Stosur Heather Watson Tennis Australia sport Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Sports › Australian Open 2017 back to top soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Text Size A A A Subscribe Login Politics Politics Home Federal Provincial Cities International Policy Policy Home Aboriginal Ag & Food Economy & Finance Energy & Environment Foreign & Defence Health Care & Aging Industry & Trade Justice & Security Public Service Opinions Opinions Home Michael Harris Susan Delacourt Tasha Kheiriddin Alan Freeman Brent Rathgeber L. Ian MacDonald Jonathan Manthorpe Editorial iPolitics Briefs Briefs Home Morning Brief Evening Brief Opinion Brief The Drilldown The Sprout *NEW* The Lunchbox iPoliticsLive iPoliticsLive Home Upcoming Events Past Events Calendar Search Site My Account Curb the smug, Canada — we’ve got a racism problem too, say panelists Heyman sad to leave community built through cultural diplomacy Morning Brief: Thursday, January 19, 2017 Clippings: Thursday, January 19, 2017 Opinion Brief: Wednesday, January 18, 2017 Login Politics Politics Home Federal Provincial Cities International Policy Policy Home Aboriginal Ag & Food Economy & Finance Energy & Environment Foreign & Defence Health Care & Aging Industry & Trade Justice & Security Public Service Opinions Opinions Home Michael Harris Susan Delacourt Tasha Kheiriddin Alan Freeman Brent Rathgeber L. Ian MacDonald Jonathan Manthorpe Editorial iPolitics Briefs Briefs Home Morning Brief Evening Brief Opinion Brief The Drilldown The Sprout *NEW* The Lunchbox iPoliticsLive iPoliticsLive Home Upcoming Events Past Events Subscribe Only $ 17 .50 /montly About iPolitics Work With Us Subscribe Plans & Pricing Advertising Site Feedback Contact Alpheus Web Design & Development by Atomic Motion So what the hell was Trudeau thinking? iPolitics Insights We’re going to pay heavy for the PM’s klutzy approach to conflict of interest Tasha Kheiriddin Published Monday, January 16th, 2017 Prime Minister Justin Trudeau meets with the Aga Khan on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Tuesday, May 17, 2016. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick Written by Tasha Kheiriddin Published Monday, January 16th, 2017 Featured News Facebook Twitter Are you a prime minister looking to get away this winter? All those Google hangouts and holiday announcements making you feel overworked? Consider escaping to Bell Island in the Bahamas! Privacy, luxury and room for your friends and guests! Helicopter transport included! Cost: one investigation by the ethics commissioner, $500 in fines under the Conflict of Interest Act, several pounds of political capital, one missed retreat at Davos and unlimited cups of coffee on your BONUS cross-Canada tour! Open wide the wallets, taxpayers of Canada. What started as an airfare-only trip for PM Justin Trudeau and friends to the Bahamian retreat of the Aga Khan has morphed into a costly cause célèbre — and we’ll all be footing the bill. First off, there’s the cost of an investigation by Ethics Commissioner Mary Dawson, to be taken from her annual $7.1 million office budget. This week, Dawson announced that she has “commenced an examination under subsection 44(3) of the Act to determine whether Mr. Trudeau has contravened sections 11 and 12 of the Act in connection with his recent stay at and travel to the Aga Khan’s privately owned island. I will also examine whether Mr. Trudeau may have contravened his obligations under sections 6 and 21 of the Act.” Section 11 prohibits office holders from accepting gifts that might be seen to influence the recipient in an official power, duty or function, unless the gift is part of protocol or is from a relative or friend. Section 12 prohibits a public office holder from travelling in a private or non-commercial aircraft unless it’s a requirement of the job or has been approved prior to takeoff by the commissioner. These sections matter because the Aga Khan is the founder and director of an organization that is a federally registered lobbyist — the Aga Khan Foundation. That organization received over $47 million from the federal government in 2016, as well as funds from Global Affairs Canada for various humanitarian projects in the developing world, according to Charity Intelligence Canada. The Foundation also will receive $55 million from 2016 to 2020 for Global Affairs’ Health Action Plan for Afghanistan project. Even if these allocations have nothing to do with the vacation, an appearance that they do would be enough to breach the Act, since section 11 states that gifts that “might be seen” to influence the recipient are prohibited. This road trip exercise has nothing to do with ‘connecting’ with average Canadians, and everything to do with bringing Icarus’s image back down to earth after too much time spent hobnobbing with billionaire foreigners. You can add to this the costs (which we don’t yet know) of Trudeau’s pan-Canadian ‘listening tour’. The PMO announced the tour on January 6 — oddly enough, just as his Bahamas vacation was coming under fire back home. “We see this as part of a concerted effort to remain connected to Canadians, at home in their communities,” said PMO Communications Director Kate Purchase. “The prime minister wants to hear from them how they are feeling at the start of 2017, what their concerns and anxieties are and what we can do to help alleviate that.” Good grief. Didn’t the prime minister do that just over a year ago, during the federal election? And then just months later, on a CBC special? Did Canadians’ answers change between then and now? Is his memory really that bad? Please don’t insult us. This road trip exercise has nothing to do with “connecting” with average Canadians, and everything to do with bringing Icarus’s image back down to earth after too much time spent hobnobbing with billionaire foreigners, in the Bahamas and at a succession of Liberal fundraisers. What we’ve learned from this imbroglio is that the PM — and the PMO — showed a shocking lack of judgment in accepting the gift of a free Bahamas holiday in the first place. Commons sense and a cursory glance at the Act (or even the Ethics Commissioner’s website) would have told Trudeau that this was not above board. Case in point: In 2015, Dawson took to task Dr. Linda Vennard, a Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) commissioner for Alberta and the Northwest Territories, for accepting a bouquet of flowers and a box of chocolates from representatives of companies licensed by the CRTC to operate two radio stations commercially branded as RED FM, including one in Calgary. The gift came on her birthday. You have to to assume it cost considerably less than a Bahamian holiday. The Vennard ruling is interesting for another reason: It went on to say that she had only met these representatives a few times — and that for that reason, “a birthday gift under such circumstances is unusual and unexpected.” This, and the “friend” exemption in the Act, may well be why Trudeau keeps hammering on the point that he has known the Aga Khan since childhood. “He was a pallbearer for my father’s funeral. He has known me since I was a toddler.” It would have been very easy for Trudeau to ask Dawson for advice on the trip beforehand. It’s also likely she would have told him to stay away, based on a very simple reading of the statute. That’s probably not the answer Trudeau wanted — so maybe it was easier not to ask. The views, opinions and positions expressed by all iPolitics columnists and contributors are the author’s alone. They do not inherently or expressly reflect the views, opinions and/or positions of iPolitics. Loading Articles About the Writer Tasha Kheiriddin 347 Articles Written Tasha Kheiriddin is a well-known political writer and broadcaster. After practising law and a stint in the government of Mike Harris, Tasha became the Ontario director of the Canadian Taxpayers... Other Articles by Tasha Kheiriddin With Leitch and O'Leary, Conservatives are flirting with catastrophe Monday, January 9th, 2017 Conservatives, race and the chicken-and-egg question Monday, December 19th, 2016 An overstuffed agenda and a steep learning curve: Trudeau in 2016 Monday, December 12th, 2016 What 'lock her up' says about the state of Conservative politics Monday, December 5th, 2016 Wave goodbye to electoral reform, people Monday, November 28th, 2016 Close Form
Toggle navigation Oped Opinion News Post Editorial National World Sports Business Entertainment Weird Health Sci-tech Magazine HOME LATEST PRINT OPINION E-PAPER HOT TOPICS Hot Topics Panama Leaks Pak-India Ties Donald Trump CPEC Pak vs Aus Print Story X Print Story World concerned over fake stories on social media Home / Today's Paper / Top Story / World concerned over fake stories on social media By Sabir Shah January 17, 2017 Print : Top Story 0 0 Facebook slated for failing to check spread of fake news stories, especially after 2016 US presidential polls; critics claimed Trump would not have won if Facebook had not helped spread what they claim to have been fake stories which were biased in his favour; US president-elect blatantly attacked CNN recently for airing ‘fake news’ about his Russia links LAHORE: Just days after American President-elect Donald Trump had openly attacked CNN for airing what he dubbed was a ‘fake news’ on an unverified intelligence dossier on his Russia links, the British Minister of State for Digital and Culture Policy, Matt Hancock, asked the bosses of country’s newspaper industry to join him in discussions about the issue of attaching paramount importance to accuracy while filing and publishing reports. It is imperative to note that British newspapers are currently fighting government proposals that would force them to pay legal costs in libel cases even if they emerge triumphant in courts! However, the condition of paying legal costs even in successfully-contested libel cases applies to newspapers who are not signatories to the state-backed regulations. It must be noted here that apart from the “Guardian” and the “Financial Times,” which claim of having their own self-regulation mechanisms, a major chunk of UK’s print media outlets have instead signed up to a system of ‘self-regulation’ under the Independent Press Standards Organisation, which had become operational in September 2014. In one of its recent editions, “The Guardian” states: “Ministers have summoned media bosses for talks on “accuracy” in journalism amid growing concern over the rise of fake news. Earlier this week, the US   president-elect, Donald Trump, attacked CNN as “fake news” for reporting on an unverified intelligence dossier about his links to Russia. ‘BuzzFeed’ published it in full while acknowledging that it could not vouch for its veracity. Facebook also announced a project to build stronger ties with news organisations following allegations that it was responsible for propagating falsehoods during the US election.” The newspaper further reports: “The UK government’s decision to hold talks on the issue follows Hancock’s statement to the House of Commons last November that ministers were “considering the implications of the dissemination of fake news on social media sites.” The News Media Association has previously warned ministers that Google and Facebook were unfairly making money out of journalism produced by its members.” “The Guardian” has quoted Lynne Anderson, the News Media Association’s deputy chief executive, as saying: “There is now an urgent need to look at the value chain of digital news, and the industry is ready to play a full part in working towards finding a solution which sees the content creators fairly rewarded for their investment in news production. The recent debate around fake news has again highlighted the vital importance of the quality journalism produced by news media publishers which underpins democracy by holding power to account.” The prestigious British newspaper adds: “Ashley Highfield, chief executive of the NMA, met Hancock late last year to discuss threats to newsgathering organisations from online platforms which earn considerable advertising revenues from displaying journalism produced by the traditional news media. Hancock told parliament: “There is a huge challenge in maintaining high-quality journalism when advertising revenues increasingly go to the platform, but the costs fall on the content provider or newspaper.” Research on the barrage of criticism haunting social networking websites in recent past Research conducted by the “Jang Group and Geo Television Network” reveals that while criticism against the relatively well-regulated news channels and newspapers all over the world, including Pakistan, has continued unabated for many decades, it is actually the outlandish social media -- especially popular websites such as Facebook and Twitter — that are now being slated by people globally because of the massive grey area surrounding the ownership of content posted on these sites. All social networking services — often labelled as “Gutter Press” by more infuriated and harsh critics -- claim they have an intricate set of terms and conditions, but when it comes to ownership of content, it is often a grey area. While this might not be such a significant concern among personal users, it can be problematic for public figures and celebrities both. Similarly, unregulated content posted on these websites can be embarrassing for businesses, which use social media marketing as a way to advertise their products and services. As the virtual world becomes ever more ubiquitous, a lot of people are spending even more time using social media than they do actually interacting with people in the real world, citing loneliness and general mistrust as they key reasons. There is no doubt that while many governments and local authorities around the planet rely on Facebook and other social networks like Twitter and Google etc to investigate crimes and obtain evidence to help establish a crime, provide location information, establish motives, prove and disprove alibis, and reveal communications, these websites have been accused of serving as public platforms used to incite terrorism, rape, child pornography and violence. Due to paucity of space, let us take the case of Facebook only, when it comes to its failure in checking or curbing the spread of fabricated news stories: Quite recently, Facebook was vehemently criticized for not doing enough to limit the spread of fake news stories on their site, especially after the 2016 American Presidential polls, where some writers had claimed Donald Trump would not have won if Facebook had not helped spread what they claim to have been fake stories that were biased in his favour. This is what the National Public Radio (NPR), an American privately and publicly funded non-profit membership media organization that serves as a national syndicator to a network of 900 public radio stations in the United States, had reported on November 17, 2016: “NPR got the official version of how the company censors and leaves up content this summer when Facebook's head of policy, Monika Bickert, agreed to a phone interview. We spoke with 10 current and former employees’ total, on the record and on background, for this investigation. It's hard to remember this sometimes, but Facebook has never claimed to be a free-speech platform. The company is trying to create a safe space where, unlike on Twitter, people can share without being trolled or shamed. Bickert is in charge of setting the content policies. She explained that when a user reports a piece of content that might be offensive, the company exercises its power to censor with precision. However, three of Bickert's former colleagues tell a very different story of how Facebook deals with controversial content. They and others declined to be named for fear of job repercussions (at Facebook or at their current employers, also Internet companies), but their descriptions are consistent with each other.” The NPR had continued saying: “When a user flags a post on Facebook — whether it's a picture, video or text post — it goes to a little-known division called the "community operations team." In 2010, the sources say, the team had a couple hundred workers in five countries. Facebook found it needed more hands on deck. After trying crowd sourcing solutions like CrowdFlower, the company turned to the consulting firm Accenture to put together a dedicated team of subcontractors. Sources say the team is now several thousand people, with some of the largest offices in Manila, the Philippines, and Warsaw, Poland.”   Facebook security issues: On July 28, 2010, the BBC had reported that renowned British Security Consultant Ron Bowes had used a piece of code to scan Facebook profiles to collect data of 100 million profiles. The data collected was not hidden by the user's privacy settings. The security consultant then published the list online. This list, which has been shared as a downloadable file, contains the URL of every searchable Facebook user's profile, their name and unique ID. Bowes said he published the data to highlight privacy issues, but Facebook claimed it was already public information. The BBC had said: “On the ‘Pirate Bay,’ the world's biggest file-sharing website, the list was being distributed and downloaded by more than 1,000 users. In a statement to BBC News, Facebook said that the information in the list was already freely available online.”   Here follows the Facebook version, as quoted by the BBC “People who use Facebook own their information and have the right to share only what they want, with whom they want, and when they want. No private data is available or has been compromised. In this case, information that people had agreed to make public was collected by a single researcher and already exists in Google, Bing, other search engines, as well as on Facebook.” (Reference: The July 28, 2010 edition of the BBC)   A lawsuit that claimed Twitter, Facebook and Google were liable for fanning terrorism On June 18, 2016, an esteemed American magazine “Fortune” had reported: “The family of a victim of the Paris terrorist attacks in November of 2015 has filed suit this week against Twitter, Google, and Facebook, claiming that the platforms have “knowingly permitted the terrorist group ISIS to use their social networks as a tool for spreading extremist propaganda.” The suit describes this as “material support” for terrorism, saying that without social media, the growth of ISIS “would not have been possible. The lawsuit was filed by Reynaldo Gonzalez, whose daughter Nohemi Gonzalez was a student at California State University, Long Beach, spending a semester abroad last fall. As described in the suit, she was eating at a restaurant on the Rue de Charrone when gunmen attacked, killing her.” The magazine had stated: “According to the new suit, ISIS controlled an estimated 70,000 Twitter accounts, “at least 79 of which were ‘official.’” Despite what appears to be open-ended legal protection, Twitter has recently accelerated efforts to quash terrorist dialogue, suspending 125,000 accounts since the middle of last year. In a statement earlier this year, Twitter said it has worked to “strike a balance” between freedom of speech and opposing terrorism. However, an array of legal experts says that the suit has little chance of moving through the courts. Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act, enacted in 1996, establishes that user-generated content on digital platforms cannot be used in proceedings against the platforms.”     0 0 World concerned over fake stories on social media was posted in Top Story of TheNews International - https://www.thenews.com.pk on January 17, 2017 and was last updated on January 17, 2017. This news story is related to Print/179782-World-concerned-over-fake-stories-on-social-media/ - breaking news, latest news, pakistan ne. Permanent link to the news story "World concerned over fake stories on social media" is https://www.thenews.com.pk/print/179782-World-concerned-over-fake-stories-on-social-media. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. More From Top Story SC seeks record from PM in Panama case World leaders credit PML-N govt with Pak progress Rabbani, Ayaz, Shah, Aitzaz, Fazl receive fake bank receipts So-called pious got loans written off, says Shahbaz CJ asks if it is not child labour What Nawaz likes for himself, he rejected the same in Zardari’s case Proceedings of parliament can be reviewed: SC Inflation reduced, foreign investment, economy strengthened: PM Pak efforts to swap Afia with Afridi come to naught If PM given immunity, Gilani’s sentence to go: Khursheed Foreign pressure not to be accepted on IWT: Asif Obama warned Pakistan on terrorists’ havens: envoy Senate adopts resolution against Modi Imran tenders unconditional written apology to ECP PML-N has taken biggest U-turn in PanamaLeaks case: Imran Determining the enemy Kamila Hyat Testing uncertain waters Imtiaz Alam Coalition politics Saleem Safi How the left was lost Shahzad Chaudhry The cold war option Iftekhar A Khan Challenges ahead Zarefah Baroud National World Sports Business Weird Technology Entertainment Video Gallery Magazines Facebook Blog Twitter Google Plus Photo Gallery Print Edition Top Story Opinion World Sports National Contact Us Classified How to Advertise About Us RSS Videos E-Paper Back Issues THE NEWS INTERNATIONAL - COPYRIGHT @2017 THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISEMENT POLICY | PRIVACY POLICY | CONTACT US
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › sports › NBA NHL soccer MLS NFL MLB home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close NBA Cleveland Cavaliers 91-126 Golden State Warriors: NBA – as it happened Curry (28 points), Thompson (26) and Durant (21) lead Warriors Green logs triple-double with 11 points, 13 rebounds, 11 assists Updated Stephen Curry had 14 points, 10 assists and zero turnovers as the Warriors raced to a 78-49 half-time lead. Photograph: Ben Margot/AP Bryan Armen Graham in New York and Arielle Retting at Oracle Arena Monday 16 January 2017 23.16 EST First published on Monday 16 January 2017 19.00 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 10.37pm EST 22:37 Full-time: Cleveland 91-126 Golden State 9.15pm EST 21:15 Half-time: Cleveland 49-78 Golden State 7.56pm EST 19:56 Probable starters Live feed Show 11.16pm EST 23:16 That’s all for now. Thanks as always for following along with us and be sure to read the full report of tonight’s game below. See you in June: Warriors lay waste to Cavaliers in potential finals preview Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.37pm EST 22:37 Full-time: Cleveland 91-126 Golden State The Warriors never trailed, leading by as many as 39 points in a lopsided 126-91 win. It’s Cleveland’s most lopsided defeat since a 117-78 loss to the Boston Celtics in April 2015. Top scorers for the Dubs were Curry (28 points), Thompson (26) and Durant (21), but surely the star of the game was Draymond Green, who finished with 11 points, 13 rebounds, 11 assists and a career-high five blocked shots for his 17th career triple-double. (Perhaps not coincidentally, the Warriors are 17-0 in those games.) Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.27pm EST 22:27 Cleveland 83-121 Golden State 3.33, 2nd quarter This is ... something. The Warriors are minutes away from snapping their four-game losing skid against the Cavaliers, a streak that includes their come-from-ahead loss on Christmas and the fifth, sixth and seventh game of the NBA finals. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.15pm EST 22:15 Cleveland 77-111 Golden State 6.39, 4th quarter Thompson drains another three, the Oracle Arena crowd is on their feet, Cleveland calls timeout and I do believe that’s curtains. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.11pm EST 22:11 Cleveland 77-104 Golden State 9.40, 4th quarter The Warriors missed 12 straight shots over more than eight minutes – allowing the Cavaliers to pull within 22 points – but Iguodala breaks the drought with a basket in the paint. Moments later Green grabs a rebound that seals his third triple-double of the season: 11 points, 10 rebounds, 10 assists. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.00pm EST 22:00 Cleveland 71-95 Golden State, end of 3rd quarter The Cavaliers used a 15-1 run to end the third quarter. But the Warriors, who have led by as many as 36 points, still lead big with 12 minutes left. Warriors PR (@WarriorsPR) The Warriors have 31 assists, recording their league-best 28th 30-assist game this season (no team has more than eight such games). January 17, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.50pm EST 21:50 Cleveland 58-94 Golden State 3.35, 3rd quarter There still more than 15 minutes left in regulation, but Draymond Green (eight points, nine assists, five blocked shots) and Zaza Pachulia (four points, 13 rebounds) both leave the game to standing ovations. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.44pm EST 21:44 Cleveland 58-89 Golden State 5.48, 3rd quarter When it rains, it pours: Cleveland’s Kevin Love is struggling with lower back tightness and will not return. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.32pm EST 21:32 Cleveland 49-84 Golden State 10.48, 3rd quarter The second half begins and the Warriors pick up right where they left off in the first, rattling off six quick points on threes by Thompson and Curry. That stretches the lead to 35 points and prompts a quick timeout by Cleveland’s Tyronn Lue. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.27pm EST 21:27 Here’s a look at the half-time stats. Durant is pacing all scorers with 19 points, but it’s Curry who’s leading the charge with 14 points, 10 assists and zero turnovers. Golden State’s 78 points are the most allowed by the Cavaliers in a first half since January 2011. Warriors PR (@WarriorsPR) HALFTIME: Warriors 78, Cavaliers 49. Box score: pic.twitter.com/EAkArF4TP7 January 17, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.15pm EST 21:15 Half-time: Cleveland 49-78 Golden State The ball winds up in Curry’s hands after a broken play and, of course, he calmly drains a 27-footer at the buzzer to send Golden State into the locker room with a 29-point lead. It’s Cleveland’s largest half-time deficit of the season. NBA (@NBA) #DubNation ends the half in style! End of 2 on @NBAonTNT:@warriors: 78@cavs: 49#NBARapidReplay pic.twitter.com/IN5NgagM7c January 17, 2017 Hardwood Paroxysm (@HPbasketball) GOOD NIGHT SEE YOU IN JUNE January 17, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.08pm EST 21:08 Cleveland 46-65 Golden State 3.10, 2nd quarter A dunk by Durant and a three-pointer by Thompson get the crowd fired up. But then Curry looks to pull up for a three before finding a cutting Durant along the baseline, who stuffs it home, and the noise is deafening. Another timeout for Cleveland. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.05pm EST 21:05 Cleveland 41-56 Golden State 4.21, 2nd quarter Lots of talk on social media off the double technical. Here’s the official ruling: NBA Official (@NBAOfficial) Replay Review (Game Crew): if Green committed a flagrant foul in Q2 of #CLEatGSW. Ruling: Flagrant 1 on Green. Contact deemed unnecessary. January 17, 2017 And here’s the view from the chattering class: sam esfandiari (@samesfandiari) Two separate discussions -yes lebron flopped and played it up to refs -yes that's smart. He's a superstar and draymond has a rep January 17, 2017 Greg Anthony (@GregAnthony50) Go look at the definition of the rule, if you're asking me if it was flagrant 30 yrs ago I'd say absolutely not but in today's game it is https://t.co/nE29Xfhd5K January 17, 2017 Hardwood Paroxysm (@HPbasketball) That’s a HOF, dual-fine-worthy flop from James. January 17, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.52pm EST 20:52 Cleveland 35-52 Golden State 6.55, 2nd quarter LeBron is fouled hard by Green while running a fast break and there’s a bit of a dust-up near midcourt as Cleveland’s Richard Jefferson steps to Green. The officials will review it to detemine if Green will pick up an extra penalty, while Green insists it was a flop. It looks like the refs will call a flagrant one on Green and technicals on both Green and Jefferson. Perhaps Green’s history with the Cavs was held against him? Updated at 8.55pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.46pm EST 20:46 Cleveland 26-48 Golden State 9.22, 2nd quarter An 11-4 run by the Warriors to open the quarter with contibutions from Green, Livingston and Iguodala has stretched the Golden State lead to 22. The Warriors have hit their last eight shots. The Cavs call another timeout and need to stop the bleeding somehow to keep this one from getting out of hand. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.34pm EST 20:34 Cleveland 22-37 Golden State, end of 1st quarter An Iguodala three-pointer off a Curry feed extends Golden State’s lead to 33-20 and makes it 13 assists on 14 field goals for the Warriors. LeBron answers with a two, but then Curry bangs a 26-footer for the final basket of the quarter to send the crowd to their feet. A dream start for the Warriors. Warriors PR (@WarriorsPR) Warriors vs. Cavaliers first quarter box score: pic.twitter.com/Bg5PupfHy6 January 17, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.26pm EST 20:26 Cleveland 14-24 Golden State 3.58, 1st quarter The Cavaliers were fortunate to only be trailing 18-14 as the Warriors had missed seven of their first nine shots from beyond the arc, including a few wide-open looks. But they weren’t going to miss all night. Iguodala and Curry bang threes on back-to-back possessions and just like that, the Warriors have opened their first double-digit lead of the night. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.14pm EST 20:14 Cleveland 4-9 Golden State 7.20, 1st quarter Irving gets the Cavaliers on the board, but Draymond Green finishes a fast break started by Pachulia to answer. Shumpert closes it to 9-4, but then Irving picks up his second foul less than six minutes into regulation as we pause for a TV timeout. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.09pm EST 20:09 Cleveland 0-7 Golden State 10.26, 1st quarter And we’re off! And the Warriors waste no time, sprinting out of the gate with seven quick points from Curry (a two), Thompson (a three) and Durant (a two). Cavaliers coach Tyronn Lue has seen enough and calls a timeout. A high-flying start for the hosts. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.06pm EST 20:06 Arielle Retting Tensions are already running high inside Oracle Arena. LeBron James and Kyrie Irving were met with boos and taunts when they stepped onto the court, though there are plenty of Cleveland fans in the stands trying to drown them out. With Kevin Durant scoring off a steal and dunking all within the first two minutes, Roaracle is louder than ever. And it’s only getting started. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.59pm EST 19:59 Stephen Curry will be honoring the outgoing president with his sneakers tonight. Stephen Curry (@StephenCurry30) Honoring our President Barack Obama today on court! He embodies the inspiration, faith & hope Dr. King stood for! We R Forever Grateful! #44 pic.twitter.com/TYc24JaWEu January 16, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.56pm EST 19:56 Probable starters Here’s a look at tonight’s probable starters. Cleveland’s JR Smith (right thumb surgery) and Chris Andersen (torn right ACL) are out. Cleveland F LeBron James (25.8 ppg; 7.8 rpg; 8.3 apg) F Kevin Love (21.2 ppg; 11.0 rpg; 1.7 apg) C Tristan Thompson (7.3 ppg; 9.8 rpg; 0.8 apg) G Iman Shumpert (7.1 ppg; 2.7 rpg; 1.7 apg) G Kyrie Irving (23.8 ppg; 3.5 rpg; 5.7 apg) Golden State F Kevin Durant (26.0 ppg; 8.6 rpg; 4.7 apg) F Draymond Green (10.7 ppg; 8.6 rpg; 7.7 apg) C Zaza Pachulia (5.6 ppg; 5.7 rpg; 2.1 apg) G Klay Thompson (21.3 ppg; 3.7 rpg; 2.0 apg) G Stephen Curry (24.7 ppg; 4.3 rpg; 5.9 apg) Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.38pm EST 19:38 Hello and welcome to tonight’s game between the Cavaliers and Warriors. It’s the second of two regular-season meetings between the teams – Cleveland won 109-108 in Cleveland on Christmas – and a rematch of the last two NBA finals. The Warriors (34-6) have the league’s best record and rank first in scoring (117.5 ppg), field-goal shooting (.499), assists (31.2), blocks (6.1) and steals (9.4). But the Cavaliers (29-10) have the NBA’s best player in LeBron James, and the four-time Most Valuable Player has been at his scintillating best against the Warriors. Consider that in 17 games against Golden State since the start of the 2014-15 season (including the postseason), James is averaging 31.6 points, 11.6 rebounds, 7.7 assists, 1.9 steals and 1.4 blocks with 13 double-doubles and three triple-doubles. Tip-off is just over 20 minutes away. Plenty more to come. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.39pm EST 12:39 Bryan will be here shortly, in the meantime here’s David Gendelman on the evolution of the NBA’s big man: Last week, late in the first quarter of an NBA game in Detroit, Michigan, Myles Turner, the Indiana Pacers’s 20-year-old 6ft 11in center, popped out to the top of the three-point line and hit a 25ft jump shot with an arc so high the cameraman had to raise the viewing angle to follow it. Less than a minute later, he hit another one from the same spot. Both shots were so smooth that neither of them even skimmed the rim. The field goals were no anomaly. Turner is shooting 41% from the three-point line, well above the league average of 35%. More than a thousand miles west in Denver, Colorado, Nikola Jokic, the Denver Nuggets’ 21-year-old 6ft 10in center, stood with his back to the basket, 15ft away, and threw a no-look, over-the-shoulder pass to a cutting team-mate for a wide-open lay-up. The pass, more common in a Harlem Globetrotters game than an NBA one, was nothing new for Jokic. A three-minute YouTube compilation posted to the site last month highlights dozens of them. “Jokic actually has some flair,” said former NBA coach George Karl, whose controversial memoir about his life in basketball, Furious George, was published this week. “He throws some balls that only guards think about throwing.” You can read the full article here: Size matters: the evolution of the NBA big man Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close Topics NBA Cleveland Cavaliers Golden State Warriors Basketball US sports Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Sports › NBA Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Advertisement Home News Mobile PC & Tablet Operator Apps Gaming TV & Audio Accessories Home appliance Camera Digital Compare Mobile PC & Tablet Reviews Mobile PC & Tablet Apps TV & Audio Home appliance Camera Accessories Gaming First Cut Gallery Mobile PC & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera Accessories Videos Mobile PC & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera Accessories App Web Gaming Product finder Mobiles Tablets Laptop Camera Tv Refrigetator forum Recharge Top 5 Mobile Pc & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera How To Mobile PC & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera App Hindi Micromax Vdeo 4 with 4G VoLTE, 4000mAh battery launching soon By: Rishi Chawla, The Mobile Indian, New Delhi Last updated : Tuesday, January 17, 2017 - 11:38 As of now there is no information on its pricing and availability. Just yesterday, Micromax Vdeo 3 was spotted on Micromax's official website, now another Vdeo series smartphone has been found listed on company's website with full specifications, which is dubbed as Micromax Vdeo 4. As of now there is no information on its pricing and availability. However, we would expect this smartphone to be officially announced very soon. Being a 4G VoLTE smartphone, Vdeo 4 comes bundled with Jio sim which will enable users to avail free data and voice calling under the Happy New Year offer which is now valid till March 2017. Apart from that, Google's video calling app, Duo, has also been preloaded onto the device. The Micromax Vdeo 4 features a 5-inch (1280Ã—720) HD IPS display with Corning Gorilla Glass protection and is powered by a 1.1GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 (MSM8909) processor, which is paired with Adreno 304 GPU. It comes with 1GB of RAM and 8GB of internal storage, which can be further expandable up to 32GB via microSD. The smartphone runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system. The Vdeo 4 gets its strength from 4000mAh battery, which claims to deliver upto 24 hours talktime and up-to 350 hour of standby time. On the camera front, it has 8-megapixel rear camera with LED flash, and a 2-megapixel front-facing camera for selfies. Besides, the smartphone offers Dual SIM, 4G VoLTE, WiFi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0, GPS, a microUSB port. Micromax Vdeo 4 Micromax Vdeo 4 Micromax Vdeo 4 specs Micromax Vdeo 4 features Micromax Vdeo 4 price Micromax Vdeo 4 availability Micromax Vdeo 4 launch Micromax mobiles Android 6.0 Marshmallow Micromax Vdeo 3 Micromax Vdeo 3 First Published : Tuesday, January 17, 2017 - 11:21 Similar News Micromax Vdeo 3, Vdeo 4 launched at Rs 5,749 and Rs 6,249 respectively Micromax Vdeo 3 reportedly available offline at Rs 5,749 Micromax Vdeo 3 spotted online with 5 inch display and 4G VoLTE Micromax and Uber partners to provide one-touch mobility experience Will Jio Sim, Google Duo app propel adoption of the latest smartphones from Micromax? Micromax partners with OYO for hotel booking Hot Trend on TMI Lava A50, A55 launched at Rs 3,999 and Rs 4,399 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 launched in India starting at Rs 9,999 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro-First Tango Project Phone launching in India today at Rs 29,990 LG G6 to be unveiled on February 26 at MWC OnePlus 3 now receiving OxygenOS 4.0.2 update, fixes Google PlayStore issue Sony Xperia XA successor surface again Advertisement Product Finder Advertisement Hot Trends on TMI Xiaomi Redmi Note 4-Review Lava A50, A55 launched at Rs 3,999 and Rs 4,399 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 launched in India starting at Rs 9,999 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro-First Tango Project Phone launching in India today at Rs 29,990 LG G6 to be unveiled on February 26 at MWC Latest on TMI 01 Lava A50, A55 launched at Rs 3,999 and Rs 4,399 02 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 launched in India starting at Rs 9,999 03 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro-First Tango Project Phone launching in India today at Rs 29,990 04 LG G6 to be unveiled on February 26 at MWC 05 OnePlus 3 now receiving OxygenOS 4.0.2 update, fixes Google PlayStore issue Latest Mobiles Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace Rs.8490 Lenovo P2 3GB RAM Rs.16999 Lenovo P2 4GB RAM Rs.17999 Swipe Konnect Grand Rs.2799 Samsung Galaxy J1 4G Rs.6890 Xolo Era 2X 2GB RAM Rs.6666 Advertisement   Know Us about us Advertise Contact Us Privacy Policy Articles News Reviews How To Top 5 Device Finder Mobiles Tablets Laptop Camera Tv Refrigetator CONTACT US Contact Us Copyright © 2017 the mobile indian.
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 4:41am Fri 20 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Inland Revenue Department audits Microsoft By Jonathan Underhill 4:48 PM Tuesday Jan 17, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Company Taxation Economy Technology IRD has focussed on global technology companies in recent years. Photo / Janna Dixon Microsoft New Zealand, the local unit of the world's biggest software company, is being audited by the Inland Revenue Dept over transfer pricing, a practice that can be used by multinationals to minimise tax. The transfer pricing audit covers Microsoft NZ's accounts for the years 2013 to 2015 and comes as the IRD widens its net to require all foreign-owned firms with annual turnover of more than $30 million to submit an annual basic compliance package which details group structure, financial statements and tax reconciliations. The threshold was previously $60m in annual sales, involving 600 taxpayer groups of which half were foreign owned and lowering the bar will add a further 300 foreign-owned companies. A Microsoft spokesman said the company was "currently working with the IRD to complete the transfer pricing audit of the company as required, there is nothing more we can share about that at this time". Microsoft "complies with the law and we pay our taxes in New Zealand. We believe tax is an issue that should be addressed at the global level, but having said that, we abide by the laws in all jurisdictions in which we operate," he said. Microsoft NZ's immediate parent is based in Luxembourg. Last year, the department launched a number of audits of the tax arrangements of global technology firms and the Herald reported at the time that an IRD briefing to Revenue Minister Michael Woodhouse said the audits were triggered by "anomalies" thrown up by close monitoring of multinationals. The briefing was from IRD manager of international revenue strategy John Nash, who told the Herald that such audits could be "fairly intense trench warfare" and would take several years to resolve. Continued below. Related Content Who are the 8 richest people? All men, mostly Americans The iPhone at 10: A decade later, is the smartphone's golden era over? Kirsty Keating: Top tax tips for the year ahead Transfer pricing refers to the prices that divisions of a large company charge each other for goods and services and has been used by multinationals to shift profits to low-tax jurisdictions from countries with higher tax rates. Australia is among nations planning to introduce a diverted profits tax, commonly known as the "Google tax". The Guardian reported today that Australia's coalition government could impose a 40 per cent penalty on profits that are artificially diverted from Australia by multinationals. Executives at Microsoft, Google and Apple were hauled before an Australian Senate inquiry in 2015 to explain why they should be able to divert earnings to lower-cost countries. More Economy The Economy Hub Business Videos Business Toolbox More Liam Dann Microsoft New Zealand says in its 2016 financial statements, released this week, that its directors and their legal advisers "believe we have adequately assessed and provided for our tax positions. The ultimate outcome of the tax audit cannot be reliably estimated at this time". IRD's Nash was not immediately available. A spokesman said it was widely known that the IRD had focussed on global technology companies in recent years and pointed to the Multinational Enterprise Compliance Focus Document, a guide that sets out the requirements of the nation's tax law. "Information gathered is closely examined based on a detailed risk assessment and any anomalies are brought up with the taxpayer for an explanation," the department says. "Audits can be triggered when Inland Revenue is not satisfied with the response and believe further investigation is required." "Audits can be triggered when Inland Revenue is not satisfied with the response and believe further investigation is required." IRD Microsoft NZ had net profit of $8.1m in 2013 after paying tax of about $3.9m, on revenue of $78.5m. That year it got $56m of revenue from related parties and had deposits with related parties of $28m. It owed other members of the Microsoft group about $5.6m. In 2014 the company paid $4.6m of tax for a profit of $9.3m on sales of $86.8m. That year, revenue received from other group members rose to $60.9m and deposits with related parties had jumped to $40.4m. The New Zealand unit of Microsoft chalked up another year of sales and profit growth in 2015. Sales rose to $96m and after tax of $5.2m was paid to IRD, profit rose to about $11m. Some $69.5m of revenue came from related parties and Microsoft NZ had $41.7m of deposits with other members of the group. A note to its accounts says that all debt and advances "are interest bearing and repayable on demand". The parent Microsoft's 2016 annual report says its effective tax rate was lower than the US federal statutory rate "primarily due to earnings taxed at lower rates in foreign jurisdictions resulting from producing and distributing our products and services through our foreign regional operations centres in Ireland, Singapore and Puerto Rico". Microsoft is in the process of settling with the US Internal Revenue Service over audits of its tax years back to 2004 and in 2012 the IRS reopened the audit for 2004 to 2006. "As at June 30, 2016, the primary unresolved issue relates to transfer pricing, which could have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements if not favourably resolved," the company said. Outside of the US, "our operations in certain jurisdictions remain subject to examination for tax years 1996 to 2016, some of which are currently under audit by local tax authorities," it said, adding that the outcome wasn't expected to be material. - BusinessDesk By Jonathan Underhill Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Firefighters 'drinking' before critical audit A firefighter appeared drunk and others could not demonstrate basic critical skills during… Hawke's Bay Today Man rescued after rolling quad bike A 40-year-old man was flown to hospital after he rolled a quad bike on a Hawke's Bay… Bay of Plenty Times Boy flown to hospital after tree fall A 9-year-old boy was flown to hospital this afternoon after suffering abdominal injuries… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Holden reveal the final Aussie Commodores they'll ever make Holden Commodore V8 fans await the three end-of-the-line LS3 eight-cylinder limited edition… Viva Fun things to do this weekend Film, music, and shopping suggestions for the weekend ahead True Commercial Colliers research: 10 predictions for 2017 Colliers International’s Research team has released its Top 10 Predictions for 2017… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf03 at 20 Jan 2017 04:41:00 Processing Time: 510ms
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Mobile & Tabs Micromax Vdeo 3, Vdeo 4 phones with 4G VoLTE launched: Here are the specs Micromax Vdeo 3, Vdeo 4 phones with 4G VoLTE launched: Here are the specs Micromax has introduced two new smartphones its Vdeo series with the Vdeo 3, Vdeo 4 By: Tech Desk | Updated: January 17, 2017 10:18 am Micromax Vdeo 3, Vdeo 4 smartphones have been listed online by the company. Here are the specifications. Micromax has introduced two new smartphones its Vdeo series with the Vdeo 3, Vdeo 4. Both phones are now listed online on the company’s website. Micromax has so far not confirmed the pricing, and availability of new phones, although like the earlier Vdeo 1 and Vdeo 2 smartphones these are 4G VoLTE smartphones with a focus on video calling. Micromax had launched the Vdeo smartphones in December 2016, and these phones come with the Google Duo app pre-installed in them. In terms of specifications, Vdeo 4 comes with a big battery at 4000mAh with Micromax promising a standby time of 350 Hours and talktime of 24 Hours. Vdeo 4 has a 5-inch display with 1280×720 HD display resolution, and comes with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 MSM8909 processor clocked at 1.1Ghz. The rear camera is 8MP, while the front camera is 2MP and it is capable of 720p video recording. The RAM is 1GB, while the storage is 8GB, of which around 4GB is available to users. The smartphone supports a microSD card with 32 GB as limit. This is a dual-SIM smartphone with WiFi, GPS and Bluetooth. Bands supported are 850/900/1800/1900MHz 900/2100MHz. It runs Android Android 6.0 Marshmallow; sensors on the list are Gravity, Proximity, Light, Accelerometer. Also read: Micromax Vdeo range with 4G VoLTE launched in bid to regain market share The Vdeo 3 smartphone also comes with a 5-inch screen size with HD 720 resolution. Dimensions of this phone are 145 x 73 x 8.3 mm and it weighs 155g. The processor on the Vdeo 3 is clocked at 1Ghz and is a cortex-A53, the phone comes with 1GB RAM+ 8GB storage, which is again expandable to 32GB. This runs an older Android Lollipop OS (5.1) and has an 8MP rear camera with flash, while the front camera is 2MP. It is capable of recording HD resolution videos. This is also a 4G VoLTE dual-SIM smartphone with support for 850/900/1800/1900MHz bands, along with WiFi, GPS and Bluetooth. However, the battery is smaller on the Vdeo 3 at 3050mAh with Micromax claiming a standby time of 550 hours. Micromax’s Vdeo series has so far been priced at under Rs 5000, and the highlight of these phones is the 4G VoLTE capabilities coupled with video-calling via the Google Duo app. Micromax is pitching these smartphones at first times users, who can get a 4G phone at a budget. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Tags: Micromax Best of Express Tamil Nadu: Jallikattu protesters keep up pressure, govt mulls options EntertainmentEXCLUSIVE Shah Rukh Khan on Raees: Chose him because he is real, not sexy EntertainmentPriyanka Chopra on Donald Trump presidency: I am an Indian, are you scared? EntertainmentSwami Om on Bigg Boss 10 finale: I will break Salman Khan's bones EntertainmentRangoon's Ye Ishq Hai: Kangana, Shahid song envelopes you Must Read SportsIndia vs England Live Score SportsDhoni scores 100, first since leaving captaincy SportsYuvraj scores first ODI ton since 2011 WC TechnologyXiaomi Redmi Note 4 review+video: Here comes the dependable one TechnologySamsung Galaxy S8 leaked glass panels hint at minimal bezels TechnologySamsung to LG, companies are betting big on foldable smartphones LifestyleDeepika Padukone looks 'fierce and hot' at The Late Late Show With James Corden Jan 19: Latest News Australian Open: Serena Williams steamrolls Lucie Safarova to reach third round BMC polls: Shiv Sena’s promises show it has failed to run administration, says NCP Jharkhand: 1 Cong, 3 JMM MLAs suspended for unruly behaviour in Assembly last year Controversial RJD leader Shahabuddin’s sharpshooter Mohammad Kaif gets bail LG Anil Baijal instructs Traffic Police to decongest city’s roads                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Gigjets Technology Gaming Computers Phones Software and Apps Tablets Connect With Us: X Search this site: Search for: X Navigate Here: Sitemap X Home » Software and Apps » Nexus 6 On Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Has Speakerphone Echo Issues Nexus 6 On Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Has Speakerphone Echo Issues By Christopher McCandles / January 12, 2017 / Software and Apps No Comments on Nexus 6 On Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Has Speakerphone Echo Issues 160 Many Nexus owners were happy when Android 7.0 Nougat was released for their devices, but their excitement quickly ended when they started experiencing all kinds of problems. Later, Android 7.1.1 update came with fixes for most of the bugs, but the Nexus 6 owners complain about echoes and noises in the speakerphone. A user who posted on Google’s forum said that “After flashing the factory image for 7.1.1. Using speakerphone in calls the audio drops out,” while the person on the other end hears “squealing and noise.” Many users posted on the same thread that they’re facing the same problem, while others contributed with more information in the Android Open Source Project thread, saying that the upper portion of the speaker stopped working. Another guy has mentioned that they had this problem when using apps such as Duo and Hangouts, but everyone agrees that this update has messed with the microphone, affecting the speakerphone sound. But, is there a solution to this problem? Users don’t want to wait until Google will release a new update that will fix the speaker issue, so they are trying all kinds of improvisations. A user came up with the idea to merely mute the mic, although it’s hard to imagine that anyone is able to conduct a phone conversation this way. Other users didn’t have second thoughts and immediately reverted to Android 7.0, only to realize that there are still issues associated with this build. A Google Project Manager has responded at the Android support thread, but he only instructed users to report the bug. But it’s good to know that Google has acknowledged the problem and the development team is doing its best to find a solution. For now, users are not advised to update to 7.1.1, because aside from the speakerphone echo, it has other bugs related to Bluetooth connectivity, as well as battery problems. Related Recommended stories you may like: Google Nexus 7 Tutorial – How To Install Lineage 14.1 Nexus 6P Is Now Compatible With Lineage OS Get Lineage OS On Nexus 5 Right Now Google Pixel XL Tutorial – Enabling Stereo Speakers Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Gets December Security Patch Update Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P Updated with Important Security Exploit Fixes Google Nexus 5 Continue to Inspire Developers to Create Custom ROMs Android 7.1.1 Nougat Comes with Issues on Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Nexus 6, Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P Guide to Get Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Android 7.1.1 Nougat Causes Nexus 6P To Enter A Bootloop Mode Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Updates Comes With In-Car Bluetooth Bug Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P January’s Security Patch Ahead Of Schedule Fixed Privacy Issues Google Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Fixing the Wi-Fi Bug Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P IBM X-Force Reports Major Security Issue Google Nexus 6 Brings Unexpected Problem with the Latest Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Nexus 6 Install Steps Available for Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update iPad Pro 2 vs Lenovo Miix 720 – Best Specs and Features ComparisonJanuary 18, 2017 Google Nexus 7 Tutorial – How To Install Lineage 14.1January 18, 2017 iPad Pro 2 To Be Launched In MarchJanuary 18, 2017 Nexus 6P Becomes One of the Top Durable SmartphonesJanuary 18, 2017 Nexus 6P Is Now Compatible With Lineage OSJanuary 18, 2017 Nexus and LG Have Two Smartwatches Ready To Be LaunchedJanuary 18, 2017 Get Lineage OS On Nexus 5 Right NowJanuary 18, 2017 Google Is Leaving Nexus 6 and 6P Fans BehindJanuary 18, 2017 LG Nexus 5X Google’s Most Unsuccessful DeviceJanuary 17, 2017 Nexus 6P vs LG V20 vs Zenfone AR – Which One Is Worth It?January 17, 2017 Google Pixel XL Tutorial – Enabling Stereo SpeakersJanuary 17, 2017 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Gets December Security Patch UpdateJanuary 17, 2017 Google Pixel Lineup Is Selling Very WellJanuary 17, 2017 Nexus 6P Is Ridden With Software Issues – What’s Next To Do?January 16, 2017 Mazda CX-5 Just Made an Appearance at the LA Car ShowJanuary 16, 2017 © GigJets 2016
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business . Inland Revenue audits Microsoft NZ over transfer pricing Jonathan Underhill Tuesday January 17, 2017 5 Share Microsoft chief executive Satya Nadella Play NBR radio on Microsoft New Zealand, the local unit of the world's biggest software company, is being audited by the Inland Revenue Dept over transfer pricing, a practice that can be used by multinationals to minimise tax. The transfer pricing audit covers Microsoft NZ's accounts for the years 2013 to 2015 and comes as the IRD widens its net to require all foreign-owned firms with annual turnover of more than $30 million to submit an annual basic compliance package which details group structure, financial statements and tax reconciliations. The threshold was previously $60 million in annual sales, involving 600 taxpayer groups of which half were foreign owned and lowering the bar will add a further 300 foreign-owned companies. A Microsoft spokesman said the company is "currently working with the IRD to complete the transfer pricing audit of the company as required, there is nothing more we can share about that at this time". He said Microsoft "complies with the law and we pay our taxes in New Zealand. We believe tax is an issue that should be addressed at the global level, but having said that, we abide by the laws in all jurisdictions in which we operate." Microsoft NZ's immediate parent is based in Luxembourg. Last year, the department launched a number of audits of the tax arrangements of global technology firms and the NZ Herald reported at the time that an IRD briefing to Revenue Minister Michael Woodhouse said the audits were triggered by "anomalies" thrown up by close monitoring of multinationals. The briefing was from IRD manager of international revenue strategy John Nash, who told the Herald that such audits could be "fairly intense trench warfare" and would take several years to resolve. Transfer pricing refers to the prices that divisions of a large company charge each other for goods and services and has been used by multinationals to shift profits to low-tax jurisdictions from countries with higher tax rates. Australia is among nations planning to introduce a diverted profits tax, commonly known as the "Google tax". The Guardian reported today that Australia's coalition government could impose a 40 percent penalty on profits that are artificially diverted from Australia by multinationals. Executives at Microsoft, Google and Apple were hauled before an Australian Senate inquiry in 2015 to explain why they should be able to divert earnings to lower-cost countries. Microsoft New Zealand says in its 2016 financial statements, released this week, that its directors and their legal advisers "believe we have adequately assessed and provided for our tax positions. The ultimate outcome of the tax audit cannot be reliably estimated at this time." IRD's Nash wasn't immediately available. A spokesman said it was widely known that the IRD had focussed on global technology companies in recent years and pointed to the Multinational Enterprise Compliance Focus Document, a guide that sets out the requirements of the nation's tax law. "Information gathered is closely examined based on a detailed risk assessment and any anomalies are brought up with the taxpayer for an explanation," the department says. "Audits can be triggered when Inland Revenue is not satisfied with the response and believe further investigation is required". Microsoft NZ had net profit of $8.1 million in 2013 after paying tax of about $3.9 million, on revenue of $78.5 million. That year it got $56 million of revenue from related parties and had deposits with related parties of $28 million. It owed other members of the Microsoft group about $5.6 million. In 2014 the company paid $4.6 million of tax for a profit of $9.3 million on sales of $86.8 million. That year, revenue received from other group members rose to $60.9 million and deposits with related parties had jumped to $40.4 million. The New Zealand unit of Microsoft chalked up another year of sales and profit growth in 2015. Sales rose to $96 million and after tax of $5.2 million was paid to IRD, profit rose to about $11 million. Some $69.5 million of revenue came from related parties and Microsoft NZ had $41.7 million of deposits with other members of the group. A note to its accounts says that all debt and advances "are interest bearing and repayable on demand." The parent Microsoft's 2016 annual report says its effective tax rate was lower than the US federal statutory rate "primarily due to earnings taxed at lower rates in foreign jurisdictions resulting from producing and distributing our products and services through our foreign regional operations centres in Ireland, Singapore and Puerto Rico". Microsoft is in the process of settling with the US Internal Revenue Service over audits of its tax years back to 2004 and in 2012 the IRS reopened the audit for 2004 to 2006. "As at June 30, 2016, the primary unresolved issue relates to transfer pricing, which could have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements if not favourably resolved," the company said. Outside of the US, "our operations in certain jurisdictions remain subject to examination for tax years 1996 to 2016, some of which are currently under audit by local tax authorities," it said, adding that the outcome wasn't expected to be material. (BusinessDesk) 5 · Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags IRD irs Post Comment 5 Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified #1 by Anonymous 2 days ago I hope Vodafone is next on the IRD's list. Reply Share Share   0 1 by Mark Hubbard  19 hours ago in reply to Anonymous Why? Vodafone gives me a fantastic deal. 120 GB a month of internet fast enough to watch NetFlix (HD) in the middle of nowhere in the Marlborough Sounds, including all our telephone requirements (free nationwide calling) for just over $100 per month. That's exceptional. If you increase their costs, however, and tax is a huge cost on a firm, then my costs have to go up as a customer, plus they have less to invest in this great technology. Let these companies lower the burden of their costs as much as they can to give the best deals they can, and most innovative products and services, to we consumers; let politicians pull their spending in, lose some of the baubles (and their huge power), and countries compete on tax rates. That's the free, prosperous society. Reply Share Share   0 0 #2 by Paleo Martin 1 day ago A very difficult thing to pin down. But we have to try to ensure that foreign companies pay their fair share of taxes. Will be interesting to see how we progress; bound to be a lengthy affair. Reply Share Share   0 0 #3 by John Naysmith 16 hours ago I agree that it is time all these large companies who are diverting income to countries with low tax rates in order to minimize their taxes need to be brought to account. I understand Australia is taking action to assess the tax which these companies should have been paying in Australia. I believe NZ is also looking at what can be done to ensure that we are achieving our fair share of the Tax due by these companies. My suggestion is to keep it simple. The IRD should assess each of these companies by: 1) Calculating the Percentage based on proportion of sales in NZ (from GST returns filed for the year) divided by the individual Company's sales (obtained from their Annual Report to Shareholders), 2) Apply this Percentage to the Taxable Profit of the Company (as disclosed in The Annual Report to Shareholders) to arrive at the Taxable Profit attributed to sales in NZ, 3) Assess each of the Company's income tax by applying NZ tax on the assessed proportion of Profit calculated as above. I suggest we start with Apple, Alphabet (Google), and Amazon followed by other companies where it is known that income is being diverted to low tax havens. Reply Share Share   0 1 by Peter Idoine  14 hours ago in reply to John Naysmith I understand that the GST returns for MS only represents part of their revenues in NZ. When MS measures the size of the business in NZ. is is more than 2x he revenue than appears in IRD / GST returns... Same goes for several... others.. the Transfer pricing is nevertheless relevant. For NZ revenue (actual vs declared) you need to look at the Global Revenues vs NZ Revenues and consider whether the declared NZ revenue seems fair and accurate. Reply Share Share   0 0 Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7158 0.0031 0.43% AUD 0.9492 -0.0002 -0.02% EUR 0.6747 0.0040 0.60% GBP 0.5812 -0.0002 -0.03% HKD 5.5517 0.0245 0.44% JPY 82.4930 0.7050 0.86% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1203.8 -12.870 2017-01-18T00: Oil Brent 53.9 -1.510 2017-01-18T00: Oil Nymex 51.1 -1.350 2017-01-18T00: Silver Index 17.3 0.120 2017-01-18T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 7059.3 7064.3 7059.3 0.04% NASDAQ 5560.6 5571.5 5555.6 -0.05% DAX 11624.1 11644.9 11599.4 0.06% DJI 19813.5 19824.1 19804.7 -0.12% FTSE 7247.6 7249.6 7247.6 -0.52% HKSE 23104.3 23104.3 23098.3 -0.21% NI225 19082.8 19122.4 18894.4 0.94% ASX 5678.8 5720.9 5678.8 0.24% Most Popular Read Investors warned about $1.6 billion at risk Steel & Tube staffer pays 97% premium to fully paid for shares Xero chairman resigns following Trump appointment Powerhouse chairman quits CEO pay bears little relationship to company performance: British study Commented Xero chairman resigns following Trump appointment Investors warned about $1.6 billion at risk NZ, Israeli business relations seen as sailing through sour diplomatic affairs CEO pay bears little relationship to company performance: British study Inland Revenue audits Microsoft NZ over transfer pricing Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. Financial adviser Michael Warrington on the dramatic change in UDC debenture risks NBR's Jenny Ruth on Jan Cameron's role in the Bellamy's board stoush Business travel expert Andy Jack predicts trends for this year Xero boss Rod Drury on Chris Liddell's role in the Trump administration FNZC economist Chris Green on whether the housing market has turned Only available on Previous article Businesses warn of rising prices Silver Fern Farms not ruling out more closures Next article Powerco eyes price hikes to pay for $1.4 billion network upgrade CEO pay bears little relationship to company performance: British study Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> Inland Revenue audits Microsoft NZ over transfer pricing
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Megaport opens new routes through US, Singapore, Hong Kong The interconnection services provider now has a second route connecting Singapore and Hong Kong, and a new route between the US west coast and Hong Kong. ByCorinne Reichert | January 17, 2017 -- 02:01 GMT (18:01 PST) | Topic: Networking Australian interconnection services provider Megaport has announced opening a new connectivity route between Los Angeles and Hong Kong, as well as a secondary path between Singapore and Hong Kong. Megaport said it has opened the second Singapore-Hong Kong path due to high traffic along this route. Both routes allow enterprise customers to connect directly to Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services (AWS), and Google thanks to Megaport's partnerships, without needing a physical presence of their own in all locations. Latest Australian news ​ATO warns of another outage as it moves to repair last year's 'unprecedented' hardware failure ​Turnbull says Centrelink 'robo' letters are entirely responsible and appropriate ​Arthur Sinodinos claims innovation as Turnbull reshuffles cabinet again Vodafone virtualising core network with Ericsson and Cisco Vodafone voice outage caused by error in planned network maintenance "This link represents a great step forward for Megaport from a growth standpoint, as we not only are enabling a secondary path between Singapore to Hong Kong to keep up with demand, but are also linking two of our key markets," said Megaport CEO Denver Maddux. "Through this new route, we are able to bring together Megaport's backbone in Asia and our terrestrial network in North America, therein providing a more immersive network and a richer fabric through the increased number of customers, partners, and providers on the combined footprint." Megaport also switched on its link on the transatlantic AE Connect 13TB subsea cable connecting New York, London, and Dublin last week under a partnership with the cable's owner, Aqua Comms. The interconnection services provider in October reported revenue of AU$1.8 million for the first quarter of the 2016-17 financial year, up 91 percent "due to organic growth, acquisitions, and execution of key strategic partnerships". As of the end of September, the company had 1,409 ports, 132 datacentre locations, and 83 percent more customers, at 561, in 19 countries. It connected to 13 datacentres in Australia, the United States, and Europe over the July-September quarter, with 40 now present in the APAC region after additions in Perth and Sydney; 33 in North America after additions in Portland and Las Vegas; and 48 in Europe after nine additions in Amsterdam, Dublin, London, and Stockholm. "Partnerships with datacentre operators, internet exchanges, and other channel partners forged in the previous fiscal year are generating revenue," Maddux explained at the time. "Our European acquisitions have contributed not only to our revenue, but to our ecosystem of service providers and strategic datacentres. Combined, we have nearly doubled our revenue run rate from the previous quarter. Our partnership, acquisition, and local go-to-market strategies are coming together to capture market share." During the quarter, Megaport formed a partnership with Digital Realty; formed an Open Alliance agreement with 4Degrees datacentres in Montreal and Quebec City, Canada; and acquired Berlin-based internet exchange operator Peering GmbH for AU$1.9 million, which added 180 customers and 30 datacentres to Megaport's stable. The acquisition of the German internet exchange operator will contribute around AU$4.5 million to Megaport's annual revenue, according to the company. Megaport's AU$3.1 million acquisitions of ECIX and OM-NIX in July last year gave it presence in Frankfurt, Berlin, Munich, Düsseldorf, Nuremberg, and Hamburg, Germany; London, United Kingdom; Vienna, Austria; Stockholm, Sweden; Amsterdam, Netherlands; Dublin, Ireland; Luxembourg; Moscow, Russia; Sofia and Kapitan Andreevo, Bulgaria; Thessaloniki, Greece; Skopje, Macedonia; Bucharest, Romania; and Kiev, Ukraine. Megaport recently raised AU$31 million in capital through a share purchase plan (SPP) in order to continue its global expansion. It also announced signing a deal with non-profit company Amsterdam Internet Exchange (AMS-IX) to exclusively provide multi-cloud connectivity to AMS-IX customers in Hong Kong, the San Francisco Bay Area, and Chicago. In June, Megaport signed Verizon Media Digital Services as a new customer in a "long-term" agreement in the Asia-Pacific region and the United States, along with Fujitsu Australia and New Zealand as a reseller of Megaport services in Australia. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Security Elasticsearch ransomware attacks now number in the thousands Networking BT launches the UK's first mesh network for Whole Home Wi-Fi Networking Megaport brings services to South America via subsea cable Mobility AT&T says it shuttered 2G networks as 'part of our 5G Evolution' × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Health Tips English News Hindi News Education Board Results Classifieds Radio City E-paper #Om Puri #M S Dhoni #Note ban #Kareena Kapoor Khan #Dangal #Bigg Boss 10 DOWNLOAD APP:| Photos Videos Mumbai News Sports Entertainment Menu All Sections News Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News Sports EURO 2016 Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News Life & style Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Test Drive People Culture Special Dear Diana Entertainment Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Wallpapers Photos Videos Mumbai News Mumbai news National Columnists MORE IN NEWS Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News TOP STORIES Ex-cop, who was beaten by armyman brother finally gets justice after 19 yrs Gossip mongers target Pakistani 'chaiwala', suggest he's quit showbiz ToPICs Mumbai news Mumbai crime note ban BMC Jammu and Kashmir Narendra Modi SPORTS Cricket Football Tennis MORE IN SPORTS EURO 2016 Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News TOP STORIES 2nd ODI: MS Dhoni delights, but Virat Kohli disappoints... for practice Andre Agassi: I could be better tomorrow than yesterday ToPICs India vs England Viarat Kohli EPL BCCI Formula One ISL Life & style Horoscope Sunday mid-day Food MORE IN LIFESTYLE Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Test Drive People Culture Special Dear Diana TOP STORIES Mumbai Food: All-veg menu from an Udupi kitchen is simple and satisfying Mumbai food: This Bandra eatery disappoints when it comes to food ToPICs Mumbai food Health & Fitness Technology Travel Relationships Dr. Love Environment Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television MORE IN ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Wallpapers TOP STORIES Vaani Kapoor: What didn't work for 'Befikre' was probably me Harshvardhan Kapoor: How is Diljit Dosanjh a debutant? ToPICs Kareena Kapoor Khan Akshay Kumar Shah Rukh Khan Salman Khan Amitabh Bachchan Aamir Khan News Columnists News Mayank Shekhar: Is coke becoming the new beer? By Mayank Shekhar | Posted 17-Jan-2017Now Available on the mid-day iOS App, Download Now Is it pricing or pop-culture that the powder, once the drug of choice for rich or famous, is now just the most regular thing at house parties A serious mainstreaming of dope I could sense only in posh drawing rooms, where the same collegiate types would gladly pass on the blunt at their homes, along with beer or rum. Representation pic My favourite scene from Asif Kapadia’s Amy (2015), the documentary on the death and times of rock-star Amy Winehouse, is when the drug-addict Winehouse, who’s been forced to go clean, is crying backstage while her name’s been announced as the winner of a Grammy award. The tears rolling down her eyes aren’t because of happiness, but complete despair as she mentions: What’s the point of being sober at a moment like this, you can’t even enjoy it. It is one of those rare public admissions of the wonderful rush and absolute joy that drugs offer (even if momentarily) to make them worth the side effect, life-long addiction. My own dim view on the subject, which was quite in line with the popular one, got formed as a kid in the late ‘80s, watching a frightening, anti-drugs college-campus show on Doordarshan called Subah, with the shot of the actor Salim Ghouse (who until a Google search, I thought, was Naveen Andrews), fighting imaginary demons with knives in his hand, staggering into the sea from the beach, grim expression on his face, pupils of the eyes dilated. It was a scary and depressing sight. He was high on drugs (with all sorts of substances clubbed into one generic term), and you knew you just had to just stay away from it all your life. That is, until, like everyone else, I got to college, and stepped into my neighbours’ rooms, floating in a purple haze, slight psychedelic lighting, alternate rock on the speakers, and marijuana being swiftly stuffed into Rizlas, by “roll scholars” diligently at work, sitting in mattresses on the floor. They did it while concealing and advertising that fact. Dope was stuff of urbane cool—something we saw in movies as well, representing both sloth and rebellion, and often, pure existentialist humour (Friday, Trainspotting, Lock Stock And Two Smoking Barrels etc.). No Bollywood movie, post 2000, could aim at being dark and alternative without a shot of someone rolling a joint—almost as the anti-dote to happy Yashraj heroes, heroines in designer wear, knocking back tequila shots with salt and lemon, on ‘amavas ki raat ka Valentine’s Day’ in Dil Toh Paagal Hai (1997). A serious mainstreaming of dope—whether hash (charas), or marijuana (ganja)—I could sense only in posh drawing rooms, where the same collegiate types, many of them several years my senior, in corporate jobs, with wives, school-going kids, would gladly pass on the blunt at their homes, along with beer or rum. Merely the quality of dope was perhaps significantly better—for some reason, always Malana Cream. This is when I’d left college and moved to Mumbai, roughly around 2001-02, when the first tourist attraction for me was the Bandra ATM where actor Fardeen Khan had been caught buying coke. It was a huge scandal. We also revelled in exchanging judgmental stories about Bollywood and cricket stars, who somebody or the other had watched (or so they said), snorting cocaine in bathrooms of exclusive night-clubs. It seemed like such a big deal. Cut to 2017. What was the price of coke when I’d moved to Mumbai? Around Rs 5,000 per gram. What is it now? The same. By purchasing power parity, that’s a drop in the rate to half—if not far more. I recently saw someone order a gram for Rs 2,000. Must be dandruff, not that anybody knows better. But I’m sure the consumers were feeling something to insist on ordering another round. Is this Pablo Escobar’s Medellin Cartel ‘cocainenomics’ at work, where the market is flushed with an unlimited supply of coke, with retailers being allowed to fix prices as per demand? Or is this plain investment in the future of a party-drug that, by virtue of becoming almost as expensive as booze at a posh bar (because the price of the latter has gone up exponentially), offers much better value for money? As a drug, coke is anyway a lot closer to alcohol, and unlike dope, goes well with it, if you only raised the attained confidence levels, and Dutch courage to the power of 2. Either way, I’ve hardly walked into a house party over the past couple of years without being offered coke on the platter. And you see this at the movies, inevitably. Anurag Kashyap’s hero in Raman Raghav 2.0 pulls lines, rather than rolling gareeb joints. This isn’t cock in the snook at a Yashraj hero, even as the latest one, Ranveer in Befikre, would rather polish six-packs of beer with his love-interest. The ‘normalizing’ of the chemical substance is just as applicable to Karan Johar’s Ae Dil Hai Mushkil, with Ranbir, Anushka. Look closely. Nobody gets a drink in that film. Everyone holds a bottle of water, mixed with MDMA, moving to EDM. One certainly noticed a spike in consumers of meth after Breaking Bad. Most moved on from that drug soon, thankfully. But I’m just randomly observing and am sure cocaine is slowing turning into the new beer, and it’s not a temporary Narcos effect. It’s just always there, at the side or centre table, with plates being warmed in the microwave—no more hidden stuff for few addicts who pooled in. Once these guys grow old, I’m sure one of these mothers will tell their adult children’s friends to make sure they don’t leave before having some, “Beta tumhare liye plate garam karke rakha hai!” Okay. Maybe not! Mayank Shekhar attempts to make sense of mass culture. He tweets @mayankw14. Send your feedback to mailbag@mid-day.com Tags: Columnists Mayank Shekhar Opinion favourite scene Asif Kapadia Amy documentary death rock-star Amy Winehouse drug-addict Winehouse clean backstage winner Grammy award Mumbai Related Stories Clayton Murzello: India's big domestic problem Columnists News | 19-Jan-2017 mid-day editorial: Strike off moral policing from the syllabus Columnists News | 19-Jan-2017 Isabella Rossellini sports fashion designer Sonam Dubal's design Columnists News | 19-Jan-2017 Ranjona Banerji: When you run out of cash and hope Columnists News | 18-Jan-2017 mid-day editorial: World's not a dangal, leave Zaira alone Columnists News | 18-Jan-2017 Boys will be boys Columnists News | 18-Jan-2017 PHOTO VIDEO Pics: Sidharth Shukla-Rashami Desai's sizzling chemistry at TV show launch Ooh La Lana! WWE Diva flaunts sexy curves in these 30 pictures Photos: Salman Khan returns from Jodhpur to Mumbai 15 'peach' perfect photos of Priyanka Chopra at People's Choice Awards 2017 62 going on 16: These photos of Rekha prove she is 'forever young' Bollynews Fatafat: Producer of 'Chennai Express' Karim Morani, accused of rape and blackmail Wow! Salman's ladylove Iulia hums his film's songs Bollywood lets its hair down at Javed Saab's birthday! Harshvardhan Kapoor and Vaani Kapoor strike a style statement You May Like MORE FROM JAGRAN 0 Comments Leave a Reply Name * Email * Comment (You have 500 characters left) Enter the text as shown in the image * TrEnding Now you can soon find nutritional value of your food on app Health News|18-Jan-2017 Photos: Shah Rukh Khan, Shweta Bachchan at Karan Johar's book launch Bollywood News|17-Jan-2017 Photos: Malaika Arora, Amrita Arora at Kareena Kapoor Khan's home Bollywood News|17-Jan-2017 Photos: Sunny Deol with sons Karan and Rajvir at Mumbai airport Bollywood News|17-Jan-2017 Watch video: The Virat Kohli shot that got the cricket fraternity saying 'wow' Cricket News|17-Jan-2017 Shocking Video: 2-year-old Indian-origin boy burned by nanny in US Crime News|17-Jan-2017 Parsi woman in Dubai desperate to return to Mumbai with twin sons National News|17-Jan-2017 'Raees' actor's family gets food poisoning after drinking expired juice National News|17-Jan-2017 Supreme Court nod to terminate 24-week-old foetus citing medical reasons National News|16-Jan-2017 'Dangal' girl Zaira Wasim apologises in open letter after being trolled National News|16-Jan-2017 Photos: 'Yeh Hai Mohabbatein' actress Karishma Sharma strips for shoot Bollywood News|16-Jan-2017 Trending Most ReaD Most Commented Is Kim Sharma cheating on her husband with this celebrity? Bollywood News|4 hours Vaani Kapoor: What didn't work for 'Befikre' was probably me Bollywood News|19-Jan-2017 Hilarious Video: This teacher proves why English is a funny language Hatke News|5 hours Twitterati hail 'superstar' Dhoni and 'rockstar' Yuvraj's vintage show Cricket News|3 hours Parsi woman in Dubai desperate to return to Mumbai with twin sons National News|17-Jan-2017 'Dangal' girl Zaira Wasim apologises in open letter after being trolled National News|16-Jan-2017 Amaal Mallik lashes out at 'unfair awards' in an angry Facebook post Bollywood News|16-Jan-2017 'Bigg Boss 10': Om Swami claims Salman Khan has AIDS Television News|18-Jan-2017 Imagica accident: Injured mother-daughter duo in Mumbai hospital ICU National News|06-Feb-2014 CBSE cbse nic in Class 10th X Board Result 2014 to be declared today on www cbse nic in at 4 PM National News|20-May-2014 Online auto rickshaw permits: Results of 7 RTOs declared National News|26-Feb-2014 CBSE Results 2015: CBSE 10th Board (cbse.nic.in) X Class Results declared at 2 PM today, 28th May at cbseresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|28-May-2015 2014 MHADA lottery: Flats in Virar will be ready only in Dec '15' National News|07-Feb-2014 See More Latest News   Home Mumbai News Entertainment Crime Sports Life & Style Photos Videos GET Updates from mid-day.com View Site Map Network: Hindi News | Gujrati News | Urdu NewsCopyright © 2017 Mid-Day Infomedia Ltd. All rights reserved. About Us | Advertise with us | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Contact Us | Corporate Go to top
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Rain tapers off in Bay Area, but two more storms on the way Bernie Sanders campaign reportedly owes Solano County cities more Worst commutes in recent Bay Area history, based on 511 data 48 Hills journalist ejected from SFPD news conference News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: CA Clean Energy The Latest: Trump Treasury pick defends foreclosure handling The Latest: Snow, ice headache for eastern Oregon won't ease North Dakota landowners sue over Dakota Access easements ECB keeps stimulus on high even as economy picks up Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Kevin Durant gets best of Westbrook as Warriors rout Thunder Warriors’ David West to miss at least 2 weeks with thumb injury Steve Kerr ‘excited’ about Warriors’ room for growth Trevor Plouffe becomes A’s newest third baseman Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Labor Department accuses Oracle of wage discrimination in suit Study shows Facebook’s growth as campaign news source Mark Zuckerberg says VR growth slower than expected For driverless cars, a moral dilemma: Who lives or dies A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Thinking fast: the story of the man behind McDonald’s The latest from Dear Abby ‘Saving Banksy’: street art’s uncertain road to stature ‘Bakery in Brooklyn’ offers a taste of fluff Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog These are the best items at Trader Joe's for 2016, according to Onetime Bay Area fine dining chef ends culinary exile with new Super Duper Burger has global ambitions Top San Francisco restaurants unite for Ichi Sushi fundraiser Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Top 10 home decor trends for 2017 Our favorite Instagram photos of the week - Jan. 14th Underwater towns of Northern California Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Rick Steves: Wandering backstreets of Montmartre Travel Troubleshooter: Amtrak wheelchair-accessible room not safe One Day, One Place: Paddling through heart of Dublin Lower East Side reaching higher as destination Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog $3.495-million tri-level condo steps from the ‘crookedest Stylish roof terrace crowns remodeled three-bedroom Sale fails are up all over the country, San Francisco included Hot Property: ‘Simply perfect’ contemporary awaits in Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Almost 67,000 polluting VW and Audi diesels returned so far A high-performance luxury Bentley SUV Dreams of a red sports car come true Faraday Future claims Tesla-beating supercar Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Are thank-you letters enough? Keep these job search habits in 2017 Choose appropiate gifts for job seekers Hurry up and wait Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.thewrap.com/what-are-the-fang-stocks/ What Are the ‘FANG’ Stocks? A Short Explainer Four tech giants became investor darlings after huge returns during a flat 2015 for the stock market Matt Pressberg, provided by Published 5:26 pm, Monday, January 16, 2017 Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 What Are the ‘FANG’ Stocks? A Short Explainer 1 / 1 Back to Gallery CNBC’s Jim Cramer is known for his voluble stock advocacy, but the “Mad Money” host also made a key contribution to contemporary Wall Street lexicon, as he’s the one who coined “FANG” as a term for the stocks of Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Google parent Alphabet. And those FANG stocks had quite a bite in 2015, when they averaged a robust 83 percent increase — during a year when the S&P 500 actually finished down less than 1 percent. Netflix, which jumped 134 percent in 2015, was the top performing stock in the entire S&P 500. The four FANG companies couldn’t repeat that outsize performance last year, however, as Wall Street hunted for value elsewhere. All four stocks ended 2016 higher than they started it, with Amazon up 11 percent, Facebook up 10 percent, Netflix up 8 percent and Alphabet edging up 2 percent. Still, the FANGs didn’t even perform up to the Dow Jones industrial average, which rose 13 percent last year. Also Read: Facebook, Amazon, Netflix, Alphabet Q4 Earnings Preview: What to Watch For Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Alphabet are all reporting fourth-quarter and full-year earnings over the next three weeks, with Netflix going first after markets close on Wednesday. Investors and media analysts should have a particular interest in the status of Netflix and Amazon Prime Video’s international expansion, as each streaming video service added more than 100 countries last year. And while Wall Street is still playing close attention to the fates of the FANGs, Cramer has moved on to a different, more aviation-inspired acronym. Booting Netflix in favor of Chinese e-commerce and tech giant Alibaba and accounting for Google’s name change, Cramer has a new group of stocks to watch: the FAAAs. Read original story What Are the ‘FANG’ Stocks? A Short Explainer At TheWrap Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. WINTER WEATHER Rain tapers off in Bay Area, but two more storms on the way 30-foot waves could hit Mavericks this weekend Blustery storm closes roads around Northern California Unstable cliff causes closure of major SF road Check weather: Real-time radar and extended forecasts LATEST NEWS Police: Man assaulted wife after dream she was cheating Huge upset at the Australian Open (spoiler) Report: Perry misunderstood energy secretary job Oakland City Council’s startling move on police oversight pacts Durant gets best of Westbrook; Warriors rout Thunder Julian Assange retreats from extradition pledge Michael Flatley set to dance at Trump’s Liberty Ball Feinstein signals she’ll run for re-election in 2018 Video of SFPD shooting shows tensions escalating Worst commutes in recent Bay Area history BART explains why their escalators break so much Your burning BART questions answered BART has 2-year plan to strengthen Transbay Tube 30 missing as avalanche buries luxury hotel in Italy Ice storm paralyzes parts of Oregon, Washington Bay Area events tied to Trump inauguration Tension grips D.C. as Trump backers, protesters arrive Talbot: Growing wealth gap is a recipe for disaster Fed Chair Yellen cites income gap among long-term risks TODAY'S TOP PICKS Gorgeous photos of the Bay Are blanketed in fog Movies you'll wish you' watched before the Oscars The future of the gig economy under Trump SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Save 50% on this award-winning writing app trusted by NYTimes... Capture stunning, pro-quality shots with this DSLR Photography... Most Popular 1 Researchers capture amazing video of rattlesnake striking prey 2 Rick Perry reportedly had a completely different idea about... 3 BART says people walking on the left are causing escalators to... 4 Unstable cliff causes closure of major San Francisco road 5 Horoscope for Thursday, 1/19/17 by Christopher Renstrom 6 Kevin Durant gets best of Westbrook as Warriors rout Thunder 7 These are the best items at Trader Joe's for 2016, according... 8 30-foot waves could hit Mavericks this weekend 9 Heavy vehicles try to reach buried hotel where 30 missing 10 The Latest: Trump has late dinner at his DC hotel LATEST NEWS Collapse of burning Tehran high-rise kills 30 firefighters Police: Man assaulted wife after dream she was cheating Huge upset at the Australian Open (spoiler) Report: Perry misunderstood energy secretary job Oakland City Council’s startling move on police oversight pacts Julian Assange retreats from extradition pledge Michael Flatley set to dance at Trump’s Liberty Ball Video of SFPD shooting shows tensions escalating Movies you'll wish you'd watched before Oscars View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Log In 1 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Member Rewards log in Metro Briefs (Jan. 17, 2017) Monday Jan 16, 2017 at 5:35 PM Jan 16, 2017 at 5:35 PM The Record First 'Creek Con' is Saturday STOCKTON — Fans of all things comics and superhero are invited to attend Bear Creek High School’s first Creek Con from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday at the school, 10555 Thornton Road. The daylong convention will feature multiple vendors, comic book artists, movies and cosplay. Creek Con is sponsored by the Bear Creek Educational and Athletic Foundation, which supports more than 20 groups at the school, including all sports. Tickets are $5; kids 10 years and younger are free. Parking is free and on campus. Tickets can be purchased at Al's Comics in Stockton, The Launchpad in Lodi, or online on brownpapertickets.com/event/2748826. Chavez library hosts free classes STOCKTON — The Cesar Chavez Library is offering free computer classes to adults. Basic computer skills, Internet for beginners, and Internet searching using Google classes are designed for those who need basic computer skills and to become familiar with computer terminologies and applications. Anyone 14 and older is welcome to the classes, and there is no need to register. Classes will be held at the library, 605 N. El Dorado St.: • Downloading eBooks and eAudiobooks from OverDrive, 6 to 7:30 p.m. March 6. • Basic computer skills, 10:30 a.m. to noon Feb. 2; 6 to 7:30 p.m. April 10; 10:30 a.m. to noon May 4. • Beginning Microsoft Word, 10:30 a.m. to noon Feb. 23; 6 to 7:30 p.m. March 13; 6 to 7:30 p.m. March 20; 6 to 7:30 p.m. April 24. • Beginning Microsoft PowerPoint, 6 to 7:30 p.m. March 27. For the following classes, participants must know how to use the mouse and keyboard: • Beginning Internet, 10:30 a.m. to noon Thursday; 10:30 a.m. to noon Feb. 9; 10:30 a.m. to noon May 11. • Internet searching using Google, 10:30 a.m. to noon Feb. 16. For the following classes, participants must bring their own mobile devices, such as a smart phone or tablet, to class: • Learning languages with Rosetta Stone, 10:30 a.m. to noon Jan. 26; 6 to 7:30 p.m. April 3. For the following classes, participants must have an existing Gmail account and must know their email account login (both username and password): • Google doc basics, 6 to 7:30 p.m. April 17; 10:30 a.m. to noon May 18. These free classes are provided by the Friends of the Stockton Public Library. — The Record About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Reader Services Subscriptions Subscriber controls Contact us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the editor Corrections Announcements & Obits Story ideas Alerts Email alerts RSS feeds Text Alerts Advertise Media Kit Home Products and services Ad rates Advertising contacts Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. recordnet.com ~ 530 East Market Street, Stockton, CA 95202 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime & Courts Government Education Environment Fitzgerald column Weather Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Prep Football High School Sports College Sports Motorsports Outdoors Pro Sports Auto Racing Entertainment Dining Music Travel Theater Things To Do Calendar Life Family Food & Wine Health & Fitness Home & Garden People Pets Business Agriculture Local Business Retail Opinion Columns Letters Editorials Obituaries Area Deaths More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs myRecord Record Press Club Specialty Publications Member Rewards Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber services Subscribe Email alerts Text Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Here’s the battery that could have saved the Galaxy Note 7 – BGR Posted on January 16, 2017 by BGR Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 was absolutely the most publicized example of faulty battery technology in the history of mobile phones, but exploding batteries aren’t exclusively a Samsung problem. A quick Google search will produce news stories about … Report: Samsung’s Note 7 Battery Probe Says Bad Batteries Were Main ProblemDroid Life (press release) (blog) Galaxy Note 8: Rumors And Implications From The Note 7 Probe ReportValueWalk Reuters: Note7 fires were caused by defective batteries, not a design flaw or firmware issueAndroid Police 9 to 5 Google -iTech Post -Android Headlines -Android Central all 479 news articles …read more wrote 25149 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News ‘Overwatch’ Is Smartly Planning A Chinese New Year Event, ‘Year of the Rooster’ – Forbes LinkedIn debuts new desktop version with chatbots, new search and more – TechCrunch New iPads Might Not Launch Until Sometime in the Second Half of 2017 – Mac Rumors Panasonic wants to expand Tesla partnership to sensors for self-driving – TechCrunch Netflix Beats Subscriber Count Target By 36% As Growth Strategy Pays Off – Forbes Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Express Blog Log: Honor the legacy of MLK Jr.; Don’t Normalize Hate shares eerie PSA The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Rachel Podnar By Rachel Podnar January 16 Follow @rmpodnar Blog Log runs daily in Express and attempts to capture a fraction of noteworthy commentary and interesting topics trending on the web. People on social media share how they honor the legacy of Martin Luther King Jr.  AP photo Anybody who hasn't should read MLK Jr's Letter from Birmingham Jail & watch @ava's documentary "13th" on Netflix. Today isn't just a break. — Ashley C. Ford (@iSmashFizzle) January 16, 2017 @iSmashFizzle shares concrete actions people can take to honor the legacy of Martin Luther King Jr., encouraging Americans to look beyond King’s “I Have a Dream” speech to his defense of civil disobedience in his “Letter From Birmingham Jail.” You can't blindly love MLK's peace w/o also loving his protest. Read 'Letters from Birmingham Jail'. Google it.The PDF is free. #MLKDAY #MLK — Teri Mitchell Porter (@TMitchellPorter) January 16, 2017 One cannot laud MLK's dream without highlighting his critiques of capitalism, militarism, and racialized impoverishment. #ReclaimMLK — #reclaimMLK (@BroderickGreer) January 16, 2017 If nothing else, this election has been a somber reminder that #MLKDAY isn't a nod to history. It's a reminder for the ages. — Hend Amry (@LibyaLiberty) January 16, 2017 Katy Perry produces powerful PSA for #Don’tNormalizeHate Project. Is History Repeating Itself? (Image from video) “Wow, very powerful. … America should be ashamed of that legacy.” K Sebastian Shelton, a commenter on huffingtonpost.com, reacts to a PSA from the #Don’tNormalizeHate project, which was produced by singer Katy Perry. It tells the story of Haru Kuromiya, an 89-year-old Japanese-American who was forced into an internment camp during WWII. In a surprising reveal, the video makes a comparison to the possibility of a Muslim registry being created in our society today. Antonio Brown’s post-game live-stream causes a stir.  Antonio Brown (AP) “If anyone has a ‘get out of jail, free’ card, it would be Antonio Brown. He might be fined for this, but he’ll be just fine.” Palladia1 comments on washingtonpost.com about Steelers star wide receiver Antonio Brown, who posted a live-stream from the team’s locker room after the Steelers beat the Kansas City Chiefs on Sunday night. Brown caught flak for his stream, which showed coach Mike Tomlin calling the team’s next opponent, the Patriots, “a–holes.” Laura Ingraham gets dragged for NYC tweet.  Laura Ingrahm (Getty) .@ditzkoff Love that the worst street she found was very clean with an upright, intact bottle of VSOP brandy. @IngrahamAngle — Tuomio (@TuomoMa) January 14, 2017 @TuomoMa makes fun of a tweet Saturday by conservative radio host Laura Ingraham. “This is Mayor DeBlasio’s New York,” Ingraham wrote. “Trash everywhere. Homelessness on the rise.” The photo she attached with her message, however, showed a very clean street. She took down the tweet after it was ridiculed and parodied. @behindyourback @IngrahamAngle I'm also suffering in FILTHY L.A. pic.twitter.com/fvDRmvdgB3 — DTLA Eric (@DTLAeric) January 14, 2017 Scotland paper calls Trump’s inauguration a “Twilight Zone” episode. Scotland's Sunday Herald wins the internet, not just today but for the next four years. pic.twitter.com/XFvA3aBvc0 — Amy Berg (@bergopolis) January 15, 2017 @bergopolis tweets an image of the Scotland Sunday Herald’s TV listings for this week, which referred to Friday’s inauguration of Donald Trump as the “feature-length opener” of an “interactive virtual reality project” — a production of “The Twilight Zone” — that will unfold over the next four years. express express Get 2016 Olympics updates by email Our best news and analysis from Rio, delivered to your inbox. post_newsletter333 magnet-olympics2016 false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters express express Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Rachel Podnar is a news editor for Express, and writes Blog Log, a daily round-up of internet happenings. Follow @rmpodnar 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Six astonishing things Betsy DeVos said — and refused to say — at her confirmation hearing 2 One by one, 3 utility workers descended into a manhole. One by one, they died. 3 Donald Trump was asked to name one of his heroes. His answer was very, very strange. 4 The 5 craziest hours in the White House 5 The Trump inauguration is shaping up to be Washington’s smallest party in years Inside 'Trump Revealed' Read stories based on reporting for “Trump Revealed,” a broad, comprehensive biography of the life of the president-elect. Reporting archive: Trump’s financial records, depositions and interview transcripts Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game express express Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Newsletter VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 Honor Magic Galaxy S7 edge Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: 10 best sports news apps for Android Apps & Gamesby Joe Hindy3 days ago 2 118 11 4 Sports are among the best entertainment experiences out there. Going to live events is almost always fun because. Championships have a way of making everyone excited because they are so tense. Sports fans are always looking for ways to follow their favorite teams and favorite sports. Thankfully, there’s a great selection of apps that can help you do just that. Let’s take a look att he best sports news apps for Android. Listen to sports podcasts? Check out the best podcast apps for Android! Or create your own sports news feed with the best RSS reader apps for Android! 365Scores [Price: Free / $2.99] 365Sports is one of the better all-encompassing sports news apps. You can find information on a variety of leagues and sports organizations. Overall, it covers most leagues in ten different sports. It has video highlights that you can watch, real-time updates on scores, and look up stats. It also has a really nice feature that lets you see what channels your favorite sporting events are on. The actual news is sourced from local sources. It’s free to download to check out. Download now on Google Play! Bleacher Report [Price: Free] The Bleacher Report is a well-known sports news outlet. The company’s app is also pretty good. There is a variety of news available for most sports teams. In the settings, you can pick your favorite team and have the news show stuff from that team more often. It sources news from local sources, Twitter, Instagram, and other blogs. There are also things like rankings, predictions, and other stats to check out. There is a lot of info in this one and it’s one of the more comprehensive sports news apps. Download now on Google Play! ESPN [Price: Free] ESPN has been one of the go-to sources for sports news for decades. It features scores from most sports organizations along with highlights, analysis, news stories, and more. It also offers access to its various TV channels. You can access those for free as long as you have one of the support cable TV providers. ESPN has also started covering eSports which is a rarity in this business. Their app has improved a lot over time and it’s one of the best sports news apps out there. Download now on Google Play! Google Now [Price: Free] The Google apps is a great source for pretty much everything. The app can quickly find things like news, weather, and even stuff like tracking info for packages you had shipped. Over time, it learns what you like and starts recommending news to you based on those likes. That means spending some time with this app looking up sports scores and news will eventually make the service send you that news automatically. It’s actually pretty awesome. The only downside is that it won’t be as comprehensive as something like ESPN or similar sports news apps. At the very least, the app is free. Download now on Google Play! MSN Sports [Price: Free] MSN Sports is a fairly big app that covers a lot of sports. It boasts coverage of over 150 leagues, including the big ones. Like most sports news apps, you can set a “favorite team”. That gets you more news specifically for that team. It also has a syncing feature so you can get the same content on the web or the mobile app. You can find live scores, highlights, and other content as well. Most sites and channels have sports apps, but MSN seems to have made theirs really well. Download now on Google Play! See also: The best Android apps, ever! 1 week ago theScore sports news apps [Price: Free] theScore is a sports news company. Their company does pretty decent sports news. Their main app was one of the more aggressively progressive efforts in the sports news ecosystem. They embraced new design principles faster than any other sports app. Thus, theScore is one of the best designed sports news apps out there. They’ve also released an eSports app that covers the world of gaming sports. Both have tons of features, the ability to follow the sports and teams that you want, and both are frequently updated to prepare for large sporting events. It’s definitely worth your time. Download now on Google Play! Thuuz Sports [Price: Free] Thuuz Sports is one of the more unique sports news apps. They rank each event from a scale of 0-100 so you can find the most exciting sporting events currently on TV. They also provide a TV schedule so you can find which games are on and where. It doesn’t have the breadth of coverage that many sports apps have, but it does cover the major sports leagues in the US. There is also news, a fantasy tracker, and alerts for your favorite teams. It’s not a traditional experience but a little something different never hurt anybody. Download now on Google Play! Yahoo Sports [Price: Free] Yahoo has long made headlines as the number one competitor of ESPN. Their sports coverage is large and vast. Instead of doing it all on one site, Yahoo has a variety of blogs that cover the particulars of various sports. Thus, you get traditional news and modern style sports blogging all in one spot. It covers a lot of ground, including large events like the Olympics. The app takes a little time to navigate, but it’s an overall positive experience. Download now on Google Play! Individual team apps [Price: Free] Most professional sports teams have their own app. The apps are generally linked to the leagues they’re in and run by their own staff of writers. These are hyper local sports news apps that only give you information about the teams that you like. Additionally, they tend to be more thorough on things like player injuries, events around the city, and things like that. It would take days to list all of the ones available. Thus, your best bet is hitting up the Google Play Store and searching for your favorite sports team. Download now on Google Play! League apps [Price: Free] Like individual teams, sports leagues generally have their own sports news apps. The MLB, NFL, NHL, NBA, and many, many others all have official apps. In addition to news, most of the major sports apps have streaming options where you can pay a monthly or yearly fee and watch actual, live games. We’re sure many of you have tried these apps and some of them aren’t all that great. However, they are great starting points, especially if you’re interested in streaming whole games. Download now on Google Play! Related best app lists: Check out the best fishing apps for Android! Or give one of the best baseball apps a shot! If we missed any of the best sports news apps for Android, tell us about them in the comments! To see our complete list of best app lists, click here. Apps & Games Google Play Store, Best Apps, Yahoo!, Sports Apps, NFL Best Apps, Google Play Store, NFL, Sports Apps, Yahoo! Joe Hindy Hi everyone! I'm Joe Hindy the Android Authority app guy! Deals 88% Unblock All: Lifetime Subscription $313 $39 88% PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597 $69 80% Brain.fm: Lifetime Subscription $199.99 $39 Pay What You Want: Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,573.00 $35 Show 2 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Bluetooth Speaker soundguys   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2016 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 4 days ago56 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News   Last year’s worst passwords were just as bad as ever 13 minutes ago   PSA: Galaxy S7 defaults to Full HD after Nougat update, here’s how to c... 2 hours ago   Ex-Huawei employees arrested for leaking secrets to LeEco and Coolpad 3 hours ago   The Nokia 6 took one minute to sell out 4 hours ago   EA brings action title WarFriends to Android, download it for free today 5 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Newsletter Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Newsletter © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Local News Crime & Public Safety Election 2016 Business Education Farming History State Public Record Nation & World Special Reports George Smith's Columns Sports High School Alabama Auburn Jacksonville State Racing Golf Outdoors Sports Opinion National Sports MLB NBA College Sports NFL Cars Opinion Editorials Columns Hot Blast Insight Bumper Sticker Speak Out Features Food Faith Entertainment Community Celebrations Fitness Humor Small Talk Parenting Health Homes Pets Trending Slideshows Special Publications Vault Anniston Star Store Games Play Games Puzzles Classifieds Obituaries Calendar e-Edition Subscribe Store Place Your Classified Ad Classifieds Jobs Marketplace Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Search 55° Broken Clouds Anniston, AL (36206) Today Rain showers in the morning with thunderstorms developing for the afternoon. High near 70F. Winds SSE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 90%.. Tonight Thunderstorms likely this evening. Then the chance of scattered thunderstorms overnight. A few storms may be severe. Low 59F. Winds SSW at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 100%. Updated: January 19, 2017 @ 6:53 am Full Forecast January 19, 2017 Toggle navigation News Local News Anniston Calhoun County Cleburne County Hobson City Jacksonville Ohatchee Oxford Piedmont Weaver Crime & Public Safety Election 2016 Business Education Farming History State Public Record Nation & World Special Reports Alabama 21 Unseen Alabama George Smith's Columns Sports High School Alabama Auburn Jacksonville State Racing Golf Outdoors Sports Opinion National Sports MLB NBA College Sports NFL Cars Opinion Editorials Columns Hot Blast Insight Bumper Sticker Speak Out Speak Out Submission Features Food Wine Beer Southern Cooking Holidays Fine Dining Faith Religion Roundtable Holidays Entertainment Art Artists in Action Books Movies Music Theater TV Community Spotlight Celebrations Births Engagements Weddings Anniversary Submit Announcement Fitness Humor Small Talk Parenting Health Homes Pets Trending Slideshows Special Publications Vault Anniston Star Store Games Play Games Puzzles Classifieds Obituaries Calendar e-Edition Subscribe Store Close An Uber self-driving Ford Fusion sits at a traffic light on Beechwood Boulevard and waits to turn onto Fifth Avenue in Pittsburgh in September. Alabama lawmakers are meeting this week to consider regulations for autonomous vehicles on public roads. (Darrell Sapp/Pittsburgh Post-Gazette/TNS) Alabama lawmakers to study self-driving cars By Tim Lockette, Star Staff Writer, tlockette@annistonstar.com Tim Lockette Jan 16, 2017 (…) An Uber self-driving Ford Fusion sits at a traffic light on Beechwood Boulevard and waits to turn onto Fifth Avenue in Pittsburgh in September. Alabama lawmakers are meeting this week to consider regulations for autonomous vehicles on public roads. (Darrell Sapp/Pittsburgh Post-Gazette/TNS) Self-driving cars may be years away, but a handful of Alabama lawmakers are meeting this week to figure out how to make the state’s roads ready for robots. State Sen. Tom Whatley, R-Auburn, said autonomous cars are indeed coming, and could change everything from insurance coverage to court funding to alcohol laws. “With a self-driving car, I could get drunk at Damn Yankees, get in my car and say, ‘Siri, take me home,’” he said. “But if there’s a wreck, who’s responsible?” Whatley is the head of the Legislative Committee on Self Driving Vehicles, which will hold its first meeting Thursday in Auburn. The group is tasked with researching rules of the road for the era of robot cars. For years, autonomous cars seemed to inhabit the space between science fiction and the Consumer Electronics Show. Google, Uber and Tesla have all tested autonomous cars on public roads, and Tesla offers an “autopilot” feature on some of its electric cars that can match the speed of other cars on an expressway and keep a car in a lane by itself, according to accounts in the press. So far, only 11 states and the District of Columbia have enacted regulations to govern self-driving cars. In the others, including Alabama, it’s legally risky at best to cruise down the road with your hands off the wheel. But self-driving technology is already here, Whatley said. “Auburn (University) is already testing 18-wheelers going around the track at a facility here,” Whatley said. Researchers are looking for ways to drive big rigs together in groups, Whatley said, almost like a train — an arrangement that could cut down on fuel costs. The Star’s attempts to reach the National Center for Asphalt Technology, where Whatley said the testing is occurring, weren’t successful. Self-driving cars could change life more than most people realize, said Sen. Gerald Dial, R-Lineville, who’s also on the committee. Dial foresees a world in which a car is something you call — like Uber —  rather than own, even in a small town. “It’s coming,” Dial said. “It’s going to happen. In 20 years, you’ll just dial up a car on your phone and it will pick you up and drop you off.” The implications for state law are sizable, and committee members so far have more questions than answers. How would the state pay for district courts, which are mostly funded by traffic fines and the court fees attached to them? How many truckers could lose their jobs? What kind of identification will people carry if almost no one has a driver’s license? And perhaps the biggest question: Who pays when there’s a collision? “Who’s going to be liable if there is a crash?” Whatley said. “Is it the person who’s asleep in the back, or the company that maintains the grid, or the manufacturer of the vehicle?” Dial said the arrival of self-driving cars could reduce car accidents by 90 percent or more. Car companies quote similar numbers, citing statistics on crashes that involved human error. “Imagine what that’s going to do to the repair shops,” Dial said. According to online data from the Center for Advanced Public Safety, 1,040 people were killed in 962 auto crashes in Alabama in 2016. Car companies quote numbers similar to Dial’s citing the number of accidents that are found to have human error as a factor. But Dial and Whatley both acknowledge that when self-driving cars arrive, they’ll share the road — at least at first —  with human drivers. Dial thinks big trucks will be the last allowed on the roadways; Whatley noted that a self-driving Budweiser beer truck completed a test run on Colorado’s interstate highways last year. Committee members say they don’t have a timetable for producing legislation on autonomous cars. “We need to start looking at these issues ahead of time, before they start becoming problems,” Whatley said. Capitol & statewide reporter Tim Lockette: 256-294-4193. On Twitter @TLockette_Star. Tim Lockette Follow Tim Lockette Close Get email notifications on Tim Lockette daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Tim Lockette posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Tim Lockette Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Mobile Apps Live Updates Tweets from https://twitter.com/AnnistonStar/lists/live-updates HOT BLAST: Should the U.S. Senate confirm Jeff Sessions as attorney general? Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-Mobile, has been nominated by President-elect Donald Trump as attorney general. Should the Senate approve his nomination? You voted: Yes No Vote View Results Back Latest E-Edition Anniston Star To view our latest e-Edition click the image on the left. Upcoming Events Jan 19 Fibromyalgia/Lupus support Thu, Jan 19, 2017 @ 12:00 pm Jan 20 Reaching Out International's Mobile Pantry Fri, Jan 20, 2017 @ 11:00 am Jan 20 Reaching Out International's Mobile Pantry Fri, Jan 20, 2017 @ 2:00 pm Jan 22 Reaching Out International's Mobile Pantry Sun, Jan 22, 2017 @ 9:00 am Jan 23 Grief support meeting Mon, Jan 23, 2017 @ 11:00 am Special Publications The Power 20 Marketplace BizBuzz Creative Anniston 4305 McClellan Blvd. , Anniston, AL 36206 256-235-9219 Indigo Designs by Vicki Roy Springwood Inn 1301 Booger Hollow Road, Anniston, AL 36207 843-384-2618 Sunny King Toyota Toyota-Scion Division 2570 US Highway 78 E, Anniston, AL 36207 256-835-0800 A division of Consolidated Publishing 4305 McClellan Blvd. Anniston, AL 36206 Phone: 256-236-1551 Daily Home Jacksonville News Piedmont Journal Cleburne News St. Clair Times Sections News Sports Opinion Features Community Entertainment Slideshows Obituaries The Vault E-Edition Anniston Star Store Print Edition Puzzles Services Calendar Classifieds Place Your Classified Ad About Us Contact Us Advertising Subscription Services Available Carrier Routes Newspapers in Education Newsbank Archives Submit Your News Submit Announcement © Copyright 2017 Annistonstar.com, 4305 McClellan Blvd. Anniston, AL | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy
Reuters BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Facebook moves to head off tougher regulation in Germany Reuters Jan. 16, 2017, 3:18 PM 314 facebook linkedin twitter email print File photo of Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg during a town hall at Facebook's headquarters in Menlo Park, California Thomson Reuters By Caroline Copley and Eric Auchard BERLIN/MUNICH (Reuters) - Facebook is stepping up efforts to head off tougher regulation by Germany, a fierce critic of the social media network operator, saying on Monday it would do more to combat fake news as its chief operating officer met with officials in Berlin. Top German lawmakers are planning legislation this year to force Facebook to remove "hate speech" from its web pages within 24 hours or face fines, a push that could force the social mediagiant to bear more responsibility for content posted by users. Chancellor Angel Merkel, who is running for a fourth term this year, has warned that the Internet is not "a space that is free from the law". Germany's strict libel and slander laws are meant to protect citizens by making it a crime to defame others. More than 218,000 cases involving insults were filed with prosecutors in 2015. But few Internet based cases were prosecuted. Facebook's chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg visited Berlin on Sunday to meet with German government officials considering new regulations on Facebook, according to a Berlin-based source at a rival Internet company. Dan Rose, who is in charge of partnerships for Facebook, onMonday acknowledged that it was no longer a simple communications platform. "There is no question we play an important role in the media landscape," Rose told the DLD technology conference in Munich. "There are people who are discovering their news and consuming their video and other media types on Facebook ... We take that role seriously." The issue has taken on more urgency amid concern by Germany's political establishment that a proliferation of fake news and racist content, particularly about the 900,000 refugees that arrived here last year, could sway public opinion in the election campaign. Facebook on Sunday announced a partnership with German third-party fact-checking organization Correctiv, promising to update its social media platforms in Germany "within weeks" to reduce the dissemination of fake news. Rose said it aimed to expand that model to other countries. CODE OF CONDUCT Tougher legislation poses challenges for the company's lucrative business model. Like most media companies it is based on generating advertising revenue but without all the costs of producing and managing content. Analysts expect Facebook to have generated $27.3 billion in revenue last year, more than 43 percent of which is set to fall to the bottom line as net profit. But measures that would legally oblige such social media platforms to set up "complaints offices" and plough more resources into deleting hate posts or fake news would chip away at that profit. A year ago Germany got Facebook, Twitter and Google's YouTube to sign up to a code of conduct, which included a pledge to delete hate speech from their websites within 24 hours. A similar voluntary code was adopted by the European Union in May. A September report by a group that monitors hate speech said it found Facebook deleted about 46 percent of illegal content reported by users in Germany within 24 hours, more than the 10 percent and 1 percent removed by YouTube and Twitter respectively. German Justice Minister Heiko Maas wants that rate to be increased to 70 percent. "A company that earns billions from the Internet also has a social responsibility," he told the Bild amSonntag newspaper last month. Social networks such as Facebook are concerned that if they actively search for illegal content such as child pornography or incitement to terrorism, they could be deemed legally liable for such content. To combat that disincentive, the European Union is considering adopting a so-called 'good Samaritan' principle from the United States that would exempt platforms from liability in such cases, according to an EU Comission official. Senior conservative lawmaker Volker Kauder has said platforms should also provide information when requested about the identities of those posting fake news and hate speech. "They say there is too much (hate speech)," he said. "But a big auto manufacturer that produces millions of cars can't say: 'I produce so many cars that I can't guarantee they are all secure.' No, that is not on. I expect and demand from Facebook that laws are upheld." (Editing by Greg Mahlich) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power European privacy regulators to scrutinize WhatsApp privacy switch Transplant recipients who resume smoking have shorter survival More: Reuters facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Facebook moves to head off tougher regulation in Germany Facebook moves to head off tougher regulation in Germany By Caroline Copley and Eric... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Reuters Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Social networking Social networking Features Facebook Moves to Head Off Tougher Regulation in Germany  Reuters, 17 January 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Highlights Angel Merkel said Internet is not "a space that is free from the law" Sandberg met German officials considering new regulations on Facebook Tougher legislation poses challenges for the company's lucrative business Facebook is stepping up efforts to head off tougher regulation by Germany, a fierce critic of the social media network operator, saying on Monday it would do more to combat fake news as its chief operating officer met with officials in Berlin. Top German lawmakers are planning legislation this year to force Facebook to remove "hate speech" from its web pages within 24 hours or face fines, a push that could force the social media giant to bear more responsibility for content posted by users. Chancellor Angel Merkel, who is running for a fourth term this year, has warned that the Internet is not "a space that is free from the law". Germany's strict libel and slander laws are meant to protect citizens by making it a crime to defame others. More than 218,000 cases involving insults were filed with prosecutors in 2015. But few Internet based cases were prosecuted. Facebook's chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg visited Berlin on Sunday to meet with German government officials considering new regulations on Facebook, according to a Berlin-based source at a rival Internet company. Facebook Tackles Fake News With New Tools Dan Rose, who is in charge of partnerships for Facebook, on Monday acknowledged that it was no longer a simple communications platform. "There is no question we play an important role in the media landscape," Rose told the DLD technology conference in Munich. "There are people who are discovering their news and consuming their video and other media types on Facebook ... We take that role seriously." The issue has taken on more urgency amid concern by Germany's political establishment that a proliferation of fake news and racist content, particularly about the 900,000 refugees that arrived here last year, could sway public opinion in the election campaign. Facebook on Sunday announced a partnership with German third-party fact-checking organisation Correctiv, promising to update its social media platforms in Germany "within weeks" to reduce the dissemination of fake news. Rose said it aimed to expand that model to other countries. Code of conduct Tougher legislation poses challenges for the company's lucrative business model. Like most media companies it is based on generating advertising revenue but without all the costs of producing and managing content. Analysts expect Facebook to have generated $27.3 billion in revenue last year, more than 43 percent of which is set to fall to the bottom line as net profit. But measures that would legally oblige such social media platforms to set up "complaints offices" and plough more resources into deleting hate posts or fake news would chip away at that profit. A year ago Germany got Facebook, Twitter and Google's YouTube to sign up to a code of conduct,which included a pledge to delete hate speech from their websites within 24 hours. A similar voluntary code was adopted by the European Union in May. A September report by a group that monitors hate speech said it found Facebook deleted about 46 percent of illegal content reported by users in Germany within 24 hours, more than the 10 percent and 1 percent removed by YouTube and Twitter respectively. German Justice Minister Heiko Maas wants that rate to be increased to 70 percent. "A company that earns billions from the Internet also has a social responsibility," he told the Bild am Sonntag newspaper last month. Social networks such as Facebook are concerned that if they actively search for illegal content such as child pornography or incitement to terrorism, they could be deemed legally liable for such content. To combat that disincentive, the European Union is considering adopting a so-called 'good Samaritan' principle from the United States that would exempt platforms from liability in such cases, according to an EU Comission official. Senior conservative lawmaker Volker Kauder has said platforms should also provide information when requested about the identities of those posting fake news and hate speech. "They say there is too much (hate speech)," he said. "But a big auto manufacturer that produces millions of cars can't say:'I produce so many cars that I can't guarantee they are all secure.' No, that is not on. I expect and demand from Facebook that laws are upheld." © Thomson Reuters 2016 Tags: Facebook, Fake News, Angel Merkel, Germany, Internet, Social, Apps Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 on Flipkart, Reliance Jio Subscribers, and More: Your 360 Daily Talking LastPass and IoT With LogMeIn India Managing Director Rahul Sharma Facebook Moves to Head Off Tougher Regulation in Germany     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Lava A55 Lava A50 Vivo V5 Lite Vivo V5 Plus Micromax Vdeo 3 ZTE Hawkeye LG X300 Micromax Vdeo 4 Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace Swipe Konnect Grand Huawei P8 Lite (2017) HTC U Play Gionee Steel 2 HTC U Ultra Ziox Mobiles Astra Metal 4G Asus Zenfone Pegasus 3S Nokia 6 ZTE Blade V8 Samsung Galaxy J1 (4G) Popular OnePlus 3T Lenovo P2 iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Nokia Phones Vivo V5 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Gadgets 360 Hindi शाओमी रेडमी नोट 4 भारत में लॉन्च, जानें कीमत वीवो वी5 प्लस व वी5 लाइट स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च, जानें इनके बारे में यह है रिलायंस जियो का 1,500 रुपये वाला 4जी वीओएलटीई फ़ीचर फोन? Latest Videos 02:15 Coolpad Mega 3 Triple-SIM Smartphone Review 03:00 360 Daily: Samsung Galaxy S8 Price Tipped, India Surpasses US on Play Store, and More 01:18 How to Get Free Windows 10 Upgrade, Even Now 03:00 360 Daily: Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Coming this Thursday, Amazon Great Indian Sale Returns and More 04:30 15 Applications Every Mac Should Have More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Rohan Naravane In The Real World, Your Battery Life Mileage Will Always Vary Akhil Arora How I Learned to Buy Less and Live More Gopal Sathe So, What's the Deal With These Convenience Fees? Advertisement Recent LG's Foldable Smartphone Design Tipped in Recent Patent Leica Launches M10 Full-Frame Camera at $6,495 Google Pixel, Pixel XL to Receive Update to Fix New Volume Bug Windows 10 Ebook Store Leaked in Images, Tipped to Launch in April Now There Are More Ways to Search Locations in the Waze App Mozilla Reveals a New Logo Alongside Major Redesign Watch Dogs 2 Gets a Limited-Time Free Trial on PS4, Xbox One iPhone 8 Tipped to Sport 'Wraparound' OLED Display, Facial Recognition Fujifilm GFX 50S Medium Format Camera Goes on Sale in February Aadhaar-Based Digital Payments to Be Introduced Soon, Says Prasad More News TRENDING Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Review Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) vs. Lenovo K6 Note Nokia Android Phone Flagship With 6GB of RAM Tipped to Launch at MWC 2017 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 With 4GB of RAM, Snapdragon 625 SoC Launched in India Samsung Galaxy S8 Display Tipped to Sport Narrow Bezels, Rounded Edge Redmi Note 4 on Flipkart, Jio Subscribers, and More: Your 360 Daily Vivo V5 Plus, V5 Lite Selfie-Focused Smartphones Launched Is This Reliance Jio's Budget 4G VoLTE-Enabled Feature Phone? Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 to Launch in India Today, Watch the Live Stream Here Amazon Great Indian Sale Returns, 3-Day Festival Begins Friday Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News Facebook moves to fend off tougher regulations in Germany Facebook moves to fend off tougher regulations in Germany Facebook is stepping up efforts to head off tougher regulation by Germany, which is a fierce critic of the social media network. By: Reuters | Berlin | Updated: January 17, 2017 10:43 am Germany’s strict libel and slander laws are meant to protect citizens by making it a crime to defame others. ( Picture use for representation, Source: Reuters) Facebook is stepping up efforts to head off tougher regulation by Germany, a fierce critic of the social media network operator, saying on Monday it would do more to combat fake news as its chief operating officer met with officials in Berlin. Top German lawmakers are planning legislation this year to force Facebook to remove “hate speech” from its web pages within 24 hours or face fines, a push that could force the social media giant to bear more responsibility for content posted by users. Chancellor Angel Merkel, who is running for a fourth term this year, has warned that the Internet is not “a space that is free from the law”. Germany’s strict libel and slander laws are meant to protect citizens by making it a crime to defame others. More than 218,000 cases involving insults were filed with prosecutors in 2015. But few Internet based cases were prosecuted. Facebook’s chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg visited Berlin on Sunday to meet with German government officials considering new regulations on Facebook, according to a Berlin-based source at a rival Internet company. Dan Rose, who is in charge of partnerships for Facebook, on Monday acknowledged that it was no longer a simple communications platform. Also Read: Facebook announces new measures to curb ‘fake news’ in Germany “There is no question we play an important role in the media landscape,” Rose told the DLD technology conference in Munich. “There are people who are discovering their news and consuming their video and other media types on Facebook … We take that role seriously.” The issue has taken on more urgency amid concern by Germany’s political establishment that a proliferation of fake news and racist content, particularly about the 900,000 refugees that arrived here last year, could sway public opinion in the election campaign. Facebook on Sunday announced a partnership with German third-party fact-checking organisation Correctiv, promising to update its social media platforms in Germany “within weeks” to reduce the dissemination of fake news. Rose said it aimed to expand that model to other countries. CODE OF CONDUCT Tougher legislation poses challenges for the company’s lucrative business model. Like most media companies it is based on generating advertising revenue but without all the costs of producing and managing content. Analysts expect Facebook to have generated $27.3 billion in revenue last year, more than 43 percent of which is set to fall to the bottom line as net profit. But measures that would legally oblige such social media platforms to set up “complaints offices” and plough more resources into deleting hate posts or fake news would chip away at that profit. Read More: Here is why Facebook launched its Journalism Project A year ago Germany got Facebook, Twitter and Google’s YouTube to sign up to a code of conduct, which included a pledge to delete hate speech from their websites within 24 hours. A similar voluntary code was adopted by the European Union in May. A September report by a group that monitors hate speech said it found Facebook deleted about 46 percent of illegal content reported by users in Germany within 24 hours, more than the 10 percent and 1 percent removed by YouTube and Twitter respectively. German Justice Minister Heiko Maas wants that rate to be increased to 70 percent. “A company that earns billions from the Internet also has a social responsibility,” he told the Bild am Sonntag newspaper last month. Social networks such as Facebook are concerned that if they actively search for illegal content such as child pornography or incitement to terrorism, they could be deemed legally liable for such content. Read More: SC seeks govt reply on privacy policy for social media sites like WhatsApp, Facebook To combat that disincentive, the European Union is considering adopting a so-called ‘good Samaritan’ principle from the United States that would exempt platforms from liability in such cases, according to an EU Comission official. Senior conservative lawmaker Volker Kauder has said platforms should also provide information when requested about the identities of those posting fake news and hate speech. “They say there is too much (hate speech),” he said. “But a big auto manufacturer that produces millions of cars can’t say: ‘I produce so many cars that I can’t guarantee they are all secure.’ No, that is not on. I expect and demand from Facebook that laws are upheld.” Tags: Facebook Best of Express Tamil Nadu: Jallikattu protesters keep up pressure, govt mulls options EntertainmentEXCLUSIVE Shah Rukh Khan on Raees: Chose him because he is real, not sexy EntertainmentPriyanka Chopra on Donald Trump presidency: I am an Indian, are you scared? EntertainmentSwami Om on Bigg Boss 10 finale: I will break Salman Khan's bones EntertainmentRangoon's Ye Ishq Hai: Kangana, Shahid song envelopes you Must Read SportsIndia vs England Live Score SportsDhoni scores 100, first since leaving captaincy SportsYuvraj scores first ODI ton since 2011 WC TechnologyXiaomi Redmi Note 4 review+video: Here comes the dependable one TechnologySamsung Galaxy S8 leaked glass panels hint at minimal bezels TechnologySamsung to LG, companies are betting big on foldable smartphones LifestyleDeepika Padukone looks 'fierce and hot' at The Late Late Show With James Corden Jan 19: Latest News Australian Open: Serena Williams steamrolls Lucie Safarova to reach third round BMC polls: Shiv Sena’s promises show it has failed to run administration, says NCP Jharkhand: 1 Cong, 3 JMM MLAs suspended for unruly behaviour in Assembly last year Controversial RJD leader Shahabuddin’s sharpshooter Mohammad Kaif gets bail LG Anil Baijal instructs Traffic Police to decongest city’s roads                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Energy Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Geek Life & Style Viral Celebrities Features Tech Health Culture Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Unlocked HTC One A9 Starts Receiving Android 7.0 Nougat Update 16 January 2017, 11:31 pm EST By Chris Loterina Tech Times Latest News And Scoops On SmartphoneNow Playing Google - Five Fascinating Facts About The Search GiantNow Playing HTC confirmed that Android 7.0 Nougat update is already available to the unlocked versions of the HTC One A9. There is no word yet about the rollout schedule for devices that were sold by carriers.   ( HTC | Google Plus ) Advertisement It is now official: Android 7.0 Nougat has come to the unlocked versions of HTC One A9. The firmware is currently being rolled out through an over-the-air update to devices in the United States and has started last Jan. 16. The announcement was made by Mo Versi, vice president for product management at HTC U.S., in a Twitter post. It effectively made the One A9 the third device in the HTC stable to get a taste of Nougat after HTC 10 and the One M9. HTC One A9 Unlocked Owners! We have received technical approval on the Nougat OS update, and OTA will begin tonight! — Mo Versi (@moversi) January 16, 2017 It is not yet clear if the update itself is staggered or the rollout is simply being deployed in one dump. Versi is also not very forthcoming about HTC's plans for other locations or for devices that were sold by carriers such as AT&T, T-Mobile, and Sprint. Android Nougat According To HTC As is the trend for a number of OEMs these days, HTC's Android interpretation now closely resembles the Android stock experience more than ever. One could also expect less bloatware as it will not ship with apps that carriers usually bundle with devices they sell under contract. Some sources also state that the update will lead to improved battery life. Notable features that HTC One A9 users are going to enjoy includes the Multi-Window mode, improved notification panel, bundled alerts as well as enhancements to performance and security, among others. Nougat Bug HTC One A9 users, however, have one cause for concern. The Android Nougat update for the HTC 10, which has been released in the latter part of 2016, was recently stopped due to still unidentified bugs. Even devices from other OEMs, including Google have manifested problems and issues after their users installed the Nougat update. For example, Nexus devices have encountered battery drainage and speaker noises. On the other hand, one should also note that the temporary suspension of the Nougat update did not affect HTC One M9 users and A9 devices could similarly sail through the update unscathed. How To Update As is customary, users receive a notification that an OTA update is available. If you have not received this yet, simply head to the Settings menu and check the About Device section. In the Software Update panel, you can manually trigger the Check for Updates feature, which will scan for available updates. Before updating, it is also important to ensure that your device is fully charged and is connected to a stable Wi-Fi connection to avoid interrupting the installation. If you still found no update, remember that, if the OTA is really getting deployed in phases, chances are your device will receive it in the next few days. TAG HTC, HTC One A9, HTC 10, HTC One M9, Android 7.0 Nougat, Google © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles AT&T HTC One M9 And One M8 Android 6.0 Marshmallow Updates Finally Being Released Sprint Joins Verizon, Announces HTC 10 Release Date, Pricing Details, And Ability To Run On Faster LTE Plus Network Verizon Announces It Will Be First US Carrier To Offer HTC 10: Here's When You Can Preorder New HTC 10 Image Leaks And Compares Black And Silver Color Options HTC 10 Makes Appearance On GFXBench And Reveals Key Specs From Our Sponsor Under The Tree: Smart Christmas Packaging Tips From Packsize, The Pros In On-Demand Custom Packaging Tips on how to celebrate a merrier Christmas this year. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Most Popular 1 Apps/Software Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Android 7.0 Nougat Update Finally Begins Worldwide Rollout 2 Security Watch Out For Gmail Phishing Scam, Tricks Users To Give Up Google Credentials 3 Car Tech 2018 Ford Mustang: V8 Engine, New Styling And More Advertisement 4 Google Google Classroom Gets Numerous Updates: New Notifications For Teachers, Individualized Work For Students, And More 5 Google Google Will Launch Android One In the United States This Year: Here's The Reason Behind The Move 6 Celebrities 'Carpool Karaoke': Did James Corden Dare To Reveal The Worst Singer Ever? [Video] 7 Internet Project Fi Month Long Referral Program Now Extended Indefinitely 8 Healthy Living/Wellness Caffeine May Be Key To Fighting Aging-Related Inflammation 9 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Evolve Eevee Into Sylveon, Leafeon, Glaceon And More 10 Medicine Death Of Woman From Superbug Resistant To 26 Antibiotics Highlights Danger Of Drug Resistance EDITOR'S PICKS Watch Out For Gmail Phishing Scam, Tricks Users To Give Up Google Credentials Eating Spicy Chili Pepper May Help You Live Longer GoPro Camera Snaps Up Mysterious Lights Near ISS Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Spotted On Geekbench Running On Android Nougat 5 Hidden Features Of Google Chrome How To Install Kodi On Raspberry Pi And Build Your Own Home Media System How The Internet Of Things Is The Perfect Target For DDoS Attacks And Data Breaches Company That Wants To Mine The Moon Gets Enough Money For Maiden Lunar Flight 'Bubble Witch 3 Saga' From King Launched For Mobile And PC Life & Style More Life & Style Boy Grows Out Hair For 2 Years To Donate Wig To Friend With Alopecia WATCH: Diver Mathieu Villegas Captures The Icy Depths Of A Frozen Lake With His GoPro Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting: Second Gunman Rumors Created Panic Mariah Carey Lip Sync Mishap: Diva Shrugs Off NYE Glitch In A Tweet Gun Violence A ‘Contagious’ Social Epidemic: Yale Study Man Charged With DUI After Testing Positive For Caffeine 2017 Predictions: Why Do Nostradamus, Baba Vanga And The Failed 'Blood Miracle' Spell Doom For The World? New Year's Eve Fun Facts: Beliefs And Traditions To Welcome 2017 TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us ASUS is looking to double its smartphone sales in 2017 and beyond +3,542 Andrew Myrick Jan 16th, 2017 Following the announcement of the ASUS ZenFone AR and ZenFone Zoom 3, a new report suggests that ASUS is looking to ramp up sales over the course of the next few years. In 2016, the company sold 20 million smartphones, in no small part to the release of the ZenFone 3 lineup which provided users a great experience for those on a budget. The ASUS ZenFone AR turned heads at CES 2017 by being the first to complete two different objectives – the first smartphone with 8GB of RAM, and the first to be compatible with both Google’s Daydream and Tango features. It’s unlikely that this smartphone will lead sales for the company in 2017, but CES Jerry Shen has stated that the ZenFone 4 lineup will be released in Q2 of this year. ASUS has also recently released the ZenFone Pegasus 3S in China, where the company has a strong foundation. But that was just the first move in a series of many to build upon the 20% growth in several markets, including 5% growth overall. 2017 is already shaping up to be an interesting year, and we haven’t even seen the flagships released. Many OEM’s are expected to announce these devices at MWC 2017, which will kick off late next month. [DigiTimes] local_offer    ASUS   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (0) stars Further Reading ASUS pulls the Nougat update for the ZenFone 3 ZenFone 3 gets Nougat Daydream is coming to the Huawei Mate 9 Pro and more ASUS officially announces the ZenFone 3 Zoom ASUS unveils the new Chromebook Flip C302 stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertNote 7 investigation results closeResults from Galaxy Note 7 battery investigation leaked a week early They originally thought the fault was in the battery, but using different caused the second recall. The results were originally planned to be revealed on the 23rd, but a Korean outlet is already reporting on the findings. 2 more_vertGalaxy S8 to have IP68 rating closeSamsung Galaxy S8 is expected to feature IP68 water resistance The Samsung Galaxy S8 is rumored to have IP68 water resistance. Are you surprised? 3 more_vertHere are all the Samsung devices getting the Nougat update closeHere are all the Samsung Galaxy devices that will be updated with Android Nougat If you’ve been wondering which Samsung Galaxy devices will be updated to Android 7.0 Nougat, there is now a full list which includes the Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy Tab S2, and more. 4 more_vertSamsung's newest AMOLED displays are near bezel-less closeSamsung’s newest AMOLED displays are near bezel-less Samsung Display’s new video showcases just how thin bezels can be with its new AMOLED panels. Is this the display that will appear in the Galaxy S8? 5 more_vertNokia 6 doesn't run CyanogenMod closeNo, the Nokia 6 is not running CyanogenMod 14 If you happen to hear that the Nokia 6 will be running CyanogenMod this week, remember what you read here: it most likely won’t. 6 more_vertSamsung halts the Nougat update for S7 owners closeSamsung may have halted the Android Nougat rollout Samsung has seemingly halted the Android 7.0 Nougat for owners of the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge due to bug issues that were present in the new software. 7 more_vertNew patents reveal a different Chromecast design closeThe 2nd-gen Chromecast could have had a very different look A patent filing reveals a different design that Google may have been working on for the 2nd-generation Chromecast which was officially launched in 2015. 8 more_vertVerizon launches 5GB plan closeVerizon launches $55 plan with 5GB of data Verizon has a new individual plan to offer folks who don’t need to gorge on data. Aptly named $55 for 5GB, the plan is as you’d assume: it offers a 5GB bucket of data, plus all the Unlimited Talk and Text you can handle. 9 more_vertGalaxy S8 case renders closeRenders of the Samsung Galaxy S8 seem to confirm the removal of the home button The Samsung Galaxy S8 is the topic of much discussion lately. A lot of rumors are flying around. New renders seem to confirm some of the rumors we’ve heard. 10 more_vertLeak shows off display panel for the Galaxy S8 closeThis may be the first actual look at Samsung’s display panels for the Galaxy S8 A new leak claims to show off the front display panels for the Samsung Galaxy S8 and the Galaxy S8 Plus. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
Thursday 19 Jan 2017 / Tehran - 19:18 / GMT - 15:48 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories Technology Mon Jan 16, 2017 10:47 Everything We Think We Know about Samsung Galaxy S8 Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- Samsung's next flagship phone, the Galaxy S8, will be arriving very soon. The pressure is on for the Korean electronics giant to deliver a flagship phone that not only improves on the specs of last year's Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge, but also kicks the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus' butt. Adding more features has always been Samsung's approach with new flagships, but as the company is no doubt aware after the Galaxy Note7 literally burned out, everyone will be watching closely to see what new safety measures it includes on the S8. What exactly can we expect from the S8? Here's what we're hearing from the rumor mill. 4K upgrade? Samsung's gone with Quad HD (2,560 x 1,440) displays for a while now and has yet to launch a phone with a 4K screen. While rumors suggest the Galaxy S8 will finally make the leap to a larger (5.7-inch) and higher resolution 4K Super AMOLED display (3,840 x 2,160) — if only because the increased resolution and pixel density will make mobile VR look crisper — it's by no means a lock-in. Another possibility is Samsung will release two S8 phones, a "regular" model and an "Edge" model with Quad HD and 4K resolutions, respectively. Conversely, another report claims Samsung might ditch flat displays altogether and only launch the S8 with curved edges. (Not a terrible idea since the whole dual curved screen look has become a signature Samsung aesthetic.) It also wouldn't be a stretch if the S8's screen is HDR-ready, like the Note7 was. No home button Speaking of the display, Samsung is reportedly planning to embed the fingerprint sensor underneath it as opposed to putting it inside the home button. By doing this, Samsung will be able to either increase the screen size and keep the S8's phone dimensions the same (or roughly the same) as the S7, or shrink the device's dimensions (specifically, the height, for better pocketing and one-handed use). A recent Samsung Display TV ad showed off a mock-up for a phone with no home button. It's unlikely Samsung leaked the S8 and was just showing a reference design, but even if the phone shown in the ad isn't the S8, it at least shows Samsung is thinking of getting rid of the home button. These renders from case makers also seem to support the curved screen and no home button design. More performance If history is any indication, Samsung might release the S8 with two different processors — one powered by its own Exynos chip and another by a Qualcomm Snapdragon chip. Last we heard, Samsung might go with an Exynos 8895 chip and a Mali-G71 graphics chip that is said to provide up to 1.8x more graphics performance than the S7.  The other model is expected to come with Qualcomm's latest Snapdragon 835 processor, which will — surprise, surprise — be produced by Samsung using its 10-nanonmeter process for greater power efficiency. With the 835 chip, the S8 would gain a 27 percent boost in performance over the S7. As for how much RAM, we're hearing some sources say 6GB of RAM and others claim 8GB. Either way, it'll be more than the S7's 4GB. Goodbye headphone jack? Apple caused quite a ruckus when it removed the headphone jack on the iPhone 7/7 Plus. And this year, Android phone makers appear to be ready to join the #noheadphonejack club. There are conflicting reports saying Samsung will and won't ditch the headphone jack. If the S8 has a headphone jack, Samsung will be able to rub it in Apple's face. But if it doesn't — then it's time to accept it and go wireless. 'Bixby' AI assistant The iPhone has Siri, Microsoft's Windows 10 Mobile phones have Cortana and Google's Pixel phones have the Assistant. Now Samsung is said to be launching its own AI digital assistant. Rumor has it that the S8 will come with its own assistant, possibly called "Bixby" and powered by Viv, the artificial intelligence assistant Samsung acquired in October. Interestingly, the creators of Viv are the same people who created Siri before selling it to Apple.  Assuming Samsung doesn't dumb Viv down, it could stomp all over Siri. Weatherproof Samsung's been waterproofing its phones for years. With the S7 and S7 Edge, the company stepped up its Ingress Protection rating to IP68, meaning the phones can be submerged in up to 4.9 feet of water for up to 30 minutes. Additionally, the IP68 rating means they're dust, dirt and sand resistant without needing any caps or covers. With that level of protection, it seems unlikely Samsung would take a step back with the S8 and nix the weatherproofing. According to The Investor, the S8 will sport the same IP68 rating, making it just as weatherproof as its predecessor. One or two cameras? So far, we've heard almost nothing about what kind of improvements will be made to the S8's cameras.  The logical thing would be for the company to copy Apple's iPhone 7 Plus dual-camera setup. After all, any phone that uses Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 835 chip will be able to support dual cameras without any complex wizardry. The closest clue to Samsung pursuing dual cameras for the S8 is a patent Samsung filed previously. But like all patents, it may never end up in any real product. Release date Traditionally, Samsung has used the annual Mobile World Congress as the stage to announce its new flagship phones. However, this year might be different. Word on the street is the company might skip MWC this year and hold its own own "Unpacked" event in April. It'll be later than usual, but given the disastrous Note7 launch, Samsung probably isn't taking any chances. Everything else As much as we think we know about the S8, there's still a lot that we don't know. For example, how big will the battery be, and what will the software will look like? Will the front-facing camera get an upgrade? Will the S8 include the Note7's iris scanner? Will there be wireless charging? How about expandable storage? Heck, we don't even know if Samsung will continue with the "glass sandwich" design it has used for the last two years. Rumors can only tell you so much, and while most of them usually end up being true, there's still plenty of room for Samsung to surprise us.         LATEST STORIES (43) Tehran Fire: Rescue Teams Search for Trapped Firefighters after Building Collapse (3) Syrian Army Goes on Offensive against ISIL, Takes Back Several Key Positions in Deir Ezzur Syrian Army Troops Ambush Terrorists in Northern Hama, Inflict Major Losses on Militants High-Rise Building Collapses in Fire Incident in Central Tehran (2) Syria: Entire Members of ISIL Group Killed by Unknown Assailants in Deir Ezzur Iranian FM Meets Pakistani, Malaysian Officials in Kuala Lumpur Syrian Army Starts Clean-Up Operation along Key Road in Southeastern Aleppo Official Reveals Plans to Develop Iran's Shipbuilding Industry Terrorists Preparing for Large-Scale Offensive in Lattakia Syria: Final Stages of Reconciliation Underway in Damascus Countryside Terrorist Groups Violate Truce again in Western Aleppo Iranian FM Asks UN to Focus on Rohingya Crisis Iranian FM Arrives in Malaysia for OIC Meeting on Myanmar Muslims Tehran, Beijing Mulling Contract to Revamp Iran's Oldest Refinery Syrian Army Reengages ISIL in Deir Ezzur Tehran Fire: Rescue Teams Search for Trapped Firefighters after Building Collapse (3) TEHRAN (FNA)- A fast-moving blaze ripped through an old garment building in Tehran early Thursday, leveling down to the ground the more than half-a-century-old building in an unprecedented incident in the Iranian capital. Relief and rescue teams are now searching for tens of people and firefighters who are trapped in the rubble. [PHOTOS] Syrian Army Goes on Offensive against ISIL, Takes Back Several Key Positions in Deir Ezzur TEHRAN (FNA)- The army troops have started devastating attacks on ISIL in and around the Eastern city of Deir Ezzur after several days of defense, and won back several positions from the terrorists, a Syrian army general declared on Thursday. Syrian Army Troops Ambush Terrorists in Northern Hama, Inflict Major Losses on Militants TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian Army soldiers carried out an ambush operation against a group of militants near a key town in Hama, destroying their military grid and inflicting major casualties on the militants. High-Rise Building Collapses in Fire Incident in Central Tehran (2) TEHRAN (FNA)- A 17-storey building collapsed in Central Tehran on Thursday after a fire incident set it ablaze for less than 4 hours. [VIDEO] Syria: Entire Members of ISIL Group Killed by Unknown Assailants in Deir Ezzur TEHRAN (FNA)- Entire members of a group of ISIL terrorists were killed in an unprecedented attack by unknown assailants on their base in Deir Ezzur. Iranian FM Meets Pakistani, Malaysian Officials in Kuala Lumpur TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif held separate meetings with high-ranking Pakistani and Malaysian officials on the sidelines of the Organization of the Islamic Cooperation (OIC)'s meeting on the situation of the Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar. Syrian Army Starts Clean-Up Operation along Key Road in Southeastern Aleppo TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian army troops launched a fresh round of attacks on ISIL positions along a chunk of Khanasser-Ithriya road that connects Aleppo to Hama province. Official Reveals Plans to Develop Iran's Shipbuilding Industry TEHRAN (FNA)- Managing Director of Iran Ship Building and Offshore Industries Complex Co. (ISOICO) Hamid Rezayian Asl announced the country's plans to further boost its shipbuilding capabilities and compete with the world's top firms in this field. Terrorists Preparing for Large-Scale Offensive in Lattakia TEHRAN (FNA)- Opposition sources disclosed on Thursday that Fatah al-Sham Front (previously known as the al-Nusra Front) is getting ready to carry out a large-scale attack against the Syrian army in the coastal province of Lattakia. Syria: Final Stages of Reconciliation Underway in Damascus Countryside TEHRAN (FNA)- A member of the National Reconciliation Committees informed on Thursday that final measures have been taken with regard to reconciliation between militants and the Syrian government in the provinces of Damascus and Quneitra and thousands of militants will be granted amnesty soon. Terrorist Groups Violate Truce again in Western Aleppo TEHRAN (FNA)- Three terrorist groups breached the nationwide truce once again, and targeted the Syrian army troops' positions to the West of Aleppo city. Iranian FM Asks UN to Focus on Rohingya Crisis TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif deplored the crimes committed against the Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar, and asked the UN to focus on the issue as a priority. Iranian FM Arrives in Malaysia for OIC Meeting on Myanmar Muslims TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif arrived in Kuala Lampur on Thursday to participate in an extraordinary conference of the Organization of the Islamic Cooperation (OIC) on the dire situation of the Muslim minority in Myanmar. Tehran, Beijing Mulling Contract to Revamp Iran's Oldest Refinery TEHRAN (FNA)- Managing Director of the National Iranian Oil Refining and Distribution Company (NIORDC) Abbas Kazzemi announced that his company is in talks with China to optimize Iran's oldest refinery in the Southern city of Abadan. Syrian Army Reengages ISIL in Deir Ezzur TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian army soldiers deployed at the Deir Ezzur airbase engaged in fierce clashes with ISIL terrorists to push them back from regions near the besieged military airport. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2017 ©
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Voice-controlled devices shift tech industry USA TODAY Bob O'Donnell 2 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 7 things that will get way more expensive this year The poorest county in each state © WEB BRYANT Artificial Intelligence After a slow and pretty rough start with Apple’s Siri several years back, the idea of voice-controlled technology devices is beginning to take hold, thanks in large part to the success of Amazon’s Echo and its Alexa personal assistant. The proliferation of Alexa-enabled devices at the recent Consumer Electronics Show put an exclamation point on that development. But as cool and interesting as accurate voice recognition and simple control may be, the real impact of voice-driven computing is significantly more profound. The success of Alexa and Echo is like an iceberg that initially appears to threaten the big ships at the surface of the tech industry but actually packs a significantly larger wallop for the more hidden aspects, including operating systems, chips, software, business models and much more. First, as several people have pointed out, Alexa is very similar to an operating system or platform. But it’s one that’s independent of other popular platforms, and it creates a whole new battle for dominance. It’s actually one of the best examples of what I call a “meta-OS”, or a layer of software that sits at an abstracted level above traditional operating systems like Android, iOS or Windows, but still provides the ability for developers to create applications or services that work with it. The beauty of a meta-OS is that it’s independent of the underlying OS, meaning that apps written for a meta-OS like Alexa don’t have to worry about being written to work with the underlying OS. That’s why, for example, you can see Alexa running not only on traditional computing devices, but cars, connected lamps and more. For those who remember Java virtual machines (JVMs), a meta-OS takes that concept to the next level. Unlike JVMs, the type of software being created for Alexa is very different from traditional mobile apps, however, and that’s yet another of the profound changes that voice-controlled computing is starting to bring about. In the case of Alexa, these new software add-ons are called “Skills” but essentially, they’re simple, very focused extensions of the core capabilities that Alexa includes. More importantly, Alexa is based on advanced technologies, including artificial intelligence and natural language processing. In addition, because there’s no screen to rely on, the whole idea of user interface and interaction models for these types of “invisible” apps are wholly different from what has been done with screen-based devices. Though I’m not a programmer, my understanding is that creating applications for this new software model is very different than coding common mobile apps. The model for creating and distributing these Skills is also very different from what we’ve seen with big app stores. That, in turn, portends some significant changes in software and business models related to applications. On top of all that, the type of processing needed to run Alexa and these Skills apps is also very different than traditional computing devices and that has profound implications for semiconductor chip makers. Though much of the work that Alexa currently does is via the cloud, future iterations will likely see more of the computing and intelligence happening at the endpoint device. The type of “inferencing” work — that is, using an algorithm designed to look for patterns — that’s necessary to do AI-driven voice computing on a connected device has been found to work better on different types of chips than the typical CPUs we see in smartphones, PCs and tablets. That’s why, for example, at this year’s CES keynote, Nvidia was touting their work with Google on getting GPUs (graphics processing units, which are proving to be powerful tools for natural language processing and other AI-based applications) into future iterations of Google Home, their competitor to Amazon’s Echo. Finally, speaking of competition, while much of the discussion on voice-based computing has focused on Amazon and Alexa, the truth is, many companies are working on their own voice-driven meta-OS offerings. Amazon has a great head start, but in addition to Google and its voice-driven computing efforts on Google Home and its Google Assistant, Microsoft is working to expand Cortana, Apple is continually improving Siri, Samsung plans to enter the fray with their new Bixby assistant, and there’s many more coming from smaller companies. In fact, not only are we at the dawn of a radical new type of invisible and contextual computing paradigm, we’re at the starting line of what promises to be a fascinating and industry-changing race for control in this new era. Without a doubt, this long-term battle will be a fascinating one to watch. USA TODAY columnist Bob O'Donnell is president and chief analyst of TECHnalysis Research, a market research and consulting firm that provides strategic consulting and market research services to the technology industry and professional financial community. His clients are major technology firms including Microsoft, HP, Dell, and Qualcomm. You can follow him on Twitter @bobodtech. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Trump's Treasury pick faces foreclosure criticism USA TODAY 'Many dead' with at least 30 missing as avalanche buries Italian hotel USA TODAY The president who broke all precedent: Tom DeFrank USA TODAY Britain's May tries to reassure Davos' nervous Brexit Nellies USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Tuesday, 17 January 2017 | MYT 11:43 AM Microsoft’s Nadella calls for tech industry to open up AI by aaron ricadela Big on artificial intelligence: Nadella has been promoting “responsible” AI to try to ensure the burgeoning computing discipline safeguards computer users’ privacy and preserves the dignity of people and their work. — Reuters Artificial intelligence is still in a “mainframe era” in which computing power is concentrated in a few companies’ hands, Microsoft Corp chief executive officer Satya Nadella said in a presentation in Munich.  The computer industry is “worshiping” technology companies that can simulate real-world processes using AI software, but to become more useful the techniques need to be available to more users, as PCs and mobile devices over time displaced centralised computing, Nadella said in a speech at the DLD technology conference.   Microsoft’s strategy will centre around building support for AI into tools many developers can use. “We fit that identity pretty well,” Nadella said, adding that Microsoft could also build support for AI techniques into products including LinkedIn and its HoloLens virtual reality system.  Nadella, entering his fourth year as Microsoft’s CEO, has been promoting “responsible” AI to try to ensure the burgeoning computing discipline safeguards computer users’ privacy and preserves the dignity of people and their work.   AI, a set of statistical techniques that spans robotics, self-driving cars, language translation and photo recognition, has raised ethical questions about the effects of systems that inferences on employment levels, racial profiling and the role of robots in society.  Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates and Tesla Motors Inc CEO Elon Musk have voiced concerns about the societal consequences of AI and cautioned prudence.  The 49-year-old CEO, who succeeded longtime CEO Steve Ballmer in 2014, has reorganised the company’s vaunted research arm around AI and shipped products including Azure cloud-computing services and tools for developers to build applications for artificial intelligence applications; software for real-time translation of spoken German, Chinese and other languages; and the Cortana speech assistant.  He’s also compelled Microsoft’s product groups to cooperate to ship products faster and has greatly expanded Microsoft software available on platforms other than Windows, including those from Apple Inc and Google. Microsoft last month closed its US$26bil (RM116.11bil) acquisition of LinkedIn Corp.  Microsoft on Jan 13 said it has acquired Maluuba, a Montreal-based AI startup specialising in analysing written content, for example sifting through businesses’ documents to find experts in given fields.  “We’re out of the AI winter,” Nadella said. Next on the industry’s agenda should be software that can more generally reason across numerous tasks. “Then you would get to artificial general intelligence,” he said. — Bloomberg You May Be Interested For white-collar staff, AI threatens new workplace revolution Japan clears up confusion over high-tech toilets The Bentley Continental Supersports gets its own smartwatch Giving nasi lemak extra oomph with wild boar curry Six simple steps to feng shui your home Purple should be your favourite CNY colour Others Also Read Serena routs Safarova to reach third round Help Bajau Laut to have a place to call home Be firm with telemarketers advertisement Latest News Six Coolpad workers detained in patent dispute with former employer Huawei Toshiba woes intensify on reports of US$6bil writedown, shares plummet Snap Inc hires Jennifer Park Stout as head of global policy Panasonic aims to move Tesla auto partnership beyond batteries: CEO US exchanges rent helicopter, drape banner in pursuit of Snapchat IPO Most Viewed in Tech Six Coolpad workers detained in patent dispute with former employer Huawei Pokémon Go: New update fixes GPS drift Panasonic aims to move Tesla auto partnership beyond batteries: CEO Upcoming 2017 MacBook Pros could get latest-gen Intel Core Kaby Lake processors Japan clears up confusion over high-tech toilets The Bentley Continental Supersports gets its own smartwatch For white-collar staff, AI threatens new workplace revolution Bikeshare cycles dumped en masse in China China to develop prototype super, super computer in 2017 Toshiba woes intensify on reports of US$6bil writedown, shares plummet Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D) Navigating Kuala Lumpur's traffic during rush hour can be chaotic. What is the preferred navigation system to beat the jam?
Home Entertainment BellaNaija Ladun Liadi Linda Ikeji Nigerian Newspapers Daily Times Guardian Newspaper National Mirror Punch Newspaper The Nation Newspaper Nigerian Pilot Newspaper Vanguard Newspaper Nigeria News PM News Premium Times TV Stations Channels TV Lagos Television TVC News TV Continental Videos Music Videos Notjustok Tooxclusive News Videos YOHAIG Think YOruba HAusa IGbo Adnom appoints Olaosebikan as new Business Director Posted January 17, 2017 2:56 am by admin Comments Omolara Olaosebikan A foremost media and marketing communications company, Adnom communications has appointed Omolara Olaosebikan as its Director, Business Development and Client Services. In a statement issued by the managing director and chief executive officer of Adnom, Adeniji Omirin, the newly appointed director will be responsible for the day-to-day running of the company’s communications and marketing activities across all the subsidiaries within and outside Nigeria. Omirin said: “I am delighted to have Omolaraeni to be part of our business at this critical time that we crave for a complete overhaul of our business particularly as we re-strategize on embracing global practices and alignments. We believe that her over a decade valuable experience working on multinational brands will serve us well in her new role as Business Director. “As part of our strength, we have a world class art digital production and post production studio with a great capacity to handle top notch and high profile productions ranging from TV/Radio commercial productions , documentaries, spotlights, TV shows/contents, news contents, event management and coverage, media brokerage, advert placement and media monitoring.” With considerable expertise in marketing and corporate communications, strategic communications management; government liaison, stakeholder/personality management, project management, marketing strategies and brand management across a range of brands and organisations, Olaosebikan has about 10 years practice experience, working on major multinational brands such as Intel, IBM, Microsoft, Google, GE, TE Energy, CNN, Etisalat, GSK, Unilever, Guinness Diageo, Skye Bank and other telecommunications brands across Nigeria and West Africa. A Communication and Language Arts graduate of University of Ibadan, Olaosebikan is also an alumnus of the Metropolitan School of Business and Management, United Kingdom, with specialisation in Strategic Marketing. She belongs to a number of professional bodies within and outside Nigeria including Chartered Institute of Marketing (CIM), Certified Marketing Communications Institute of Nigeria (CMCIN), Chartered Institute of Public Relations (CIPR), UK, and Nigerian Institute of Public Relations (NIPR). What do you think? Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Related posts: Good governance: Obasanjo should keep quiet – Olaosebikan Journalist turned politician, Kehinde Olaosebikan shared his deep knowledge and experience garnered over time as a former Regional Editor, North,... SAHCOL appoints Kadri as new managing director THE Board of Skyway Aviation Handling Company Limited (SAHCOL) has appointed Mr. Rizwan Kadri as the new Acting Managing Director/... Edo FA appoints Omorodion Media Director V anguard man, Patrick Omorodion has been appointed the Media Director of the forthcoming Edo @ 25 Football Tournament by... African Bar Association appoints Osa Director special adviser The African Bar Association (AFBA) has appointed a distinguished journalist and lawyer, Mr. Osa Director as its Special Adviser on... Akande, Supreme Court director bags doctorate degree The Director of Press and Information in Supreme Court of Nigeria, Dr. Akande Aweneri Festus was among the graduands conferred... Nestlé Nigeria appoints new MD Nestlé Nigeria Plc has appointed Mr. Mauricio Alarcon as its new Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer. According to a... Olaosebikan, others commend Ajimobi on LG Elections Ola Ajayi, Ibadan Following the announcement by Governor Abiola Ajimobi   of Oyo State that local government election would be conducted... Former Guinness MD appointed Fidelity Bank’s Executive Director Mr. Adetu, who trained as a chemical engineer, has extensive business and marketing experience. The post Former Guinness MD appointed... We are developing contents for more market shares – StarTimes Marketing Director Football as a game has dominated other sports in Nigeria and the love of it has over the years grown... CMC Connect clarifies Airtel PR business The silence, on which public relations company now handles Airtel Nigeria was this week broken at informal media parley hosted... < YOHAIG home CategoriesSelect CategoryEntertainment   BellaNaija   Ladun Liadi   Linda Ikeji   Stella Dimoko KorkusLatest News   PoliticsMobile Phones   Tecno PhonesNigeria Forum   NairalandNigeria News   PM News   Premium Times   Sahara ReportersNigerian Newspapers   Daily Independent   Daily Post   Daily Times   Guardian Newspaper   National Mirror   Nigerian Pilot Newspaper   Punch Newspaper   Sun Newspaper   The Nation Newspaper   Vanguard NewspaperSports Betting   1960bet   Bet9jaTV Stations   Channels TV   Lagos Television   Ogun State Television   TV Continental   TVC NewsVideos   Music Videos      Notjustok      Tooxclusive   News Videos Search for: Sports Betting Merrybet.com 1960bet.com Bet9ja.com Contact Us | Copyright | Disclaimer | Privacy | T&C Office Address: YOHAIG - 7 Morenike Carrena Close, Off Old Otta Road, Orile Agege, Lagos State, Nigeria. Telephone:+2348085257512
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home Mobiles Reviews Gadgets Features Top 10 Mobiles How to Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Gadgets Reviews Features How To Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  Features  | When and why should you replace your smartphone with a new one When and why should you replace your smartphone with a new one Check out these warning signs. By: Abhinaya Prabhu Published: Tuesday, January 17, 2017, 7:00 [IST] Smartphones have become cheaper lately but that doesn't mean that you need to upgrade your phone every few months. You might try your best to keep your smartphone look and run like a new phone so that you can make it last another year. But there is a limit to what you can do and there comes a time to replace the device. It is good to upgrade the smartphone before it gives up completely. After all, replacing your old and aging phone with a new one will good you peace of mind. We say peace of mind as you need not end up stranded with a phone that doesn't function properly. However, the problem that we would like to highlight over here is understanding when you ought to replace your existing phone. Click here for more details on the upcoming smartphones We at GizBot, have come up with some warning signs that will tell you when it is time to replace your old phone. Take a look at these signs from below and make yourself a favor by buying a new smartphone. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Vertical lines or flickering on the screen The display of the smartphone is the easiest component that gets damaged. If your phone's screen starts showing vertical lines or any other abnormalities such as flickering, it is a big warning sign to change your phone. Display responds too slow Another warning sign that your phone's display will show is its extremely slow responsiveness. The display will take either miss or misinterpret a swipe or tap frequently, become very slow in responding to taps or swipes or miss registering the same. It is impossible to get things done on a smartphone with an extremely slow touchscreen, tipping that its time to change the device. Also Read: Samsung Galaxy S8 launch pegged for April 15 Power button doesn't work Most smartphones have just a few buttons and the power button plays a critical role. Imagine what will happen if the power button just stops working. In that case, you cannot turn the phone on or off and it won't be easy to use the device anymore. Frequent shut down If your smartphone shuts down frequently, it could be an issue with the battery used in the device. You have two options in that case - one is to replace the battery of the phone and the other one is to replace the phone as a whole. Notably, the first option is feasible only if you have a phone that has replaceable batteries. Unstable OS and app crashes In some cases, the operating system update might have come unexpected consequences after installing the same on the device. However, this is not common for all smartphones and devices. If you experience frequent app crashes or if the smartphone OS seems to be unstable, you need to immediately try a factory reset. If it doesn't help, you need to understand that it is time to upgrade the device. Also Read: Buy Google Pixel on Snapdeal to get cashback and protection plans Overheating of phone while not in use Overheating can be due to many issues. But, if the device is getting hot even when it is not in use, there could be a big problem with the phone. Overheating could result in an explosion that is dangerous. Either opt for a repair or replace your existing phone with a new one. Also Read: Are You Facing Smartphone Overheating Issue? Here's All You Need to Know to Prevent It Bulged battery If the smartphone's battery is continually bulging, you need to replace either the battery or the device right away. Battery bulging can lead to dangerous consequences and it is a sign that the chemicals in the battery are breaking down. It can lead to the explosion of the battery that has serious consequences associated with it. Camera performance is slow If the camera on your phone is too slow, then it is a sign that your device is aging. The camera might show a lag while clicking a picture. If it takes a long time between hitting the shutter and clicking a photo, that's a warning sign to replace your phone. Poor battery life If the battery life of your phone is decreasing constantly, then it is a sign that your phone is aging. Of course, you can resolve this issue by carrying a power bank, but this is not an ideal solution in most cases. It is good to consider replacing the battery or the phone to resolve this issue permanently. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Read More About smartphones | mobiles | tips and tricks | news Other articles published on Jan 17, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Most Indian youngsters shop using their smartphones Apple iPhone 8 concepts with glass body and iris scanner look stunning Successor of the Sony Xperia XA leaks in renders revealing design Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Apple iPhone X with Wraparound display will be launched in 2017 Samsung Galaxy C5 Pro and C9 Pro spotted on FCC Apple MacBook Pro fans are pissed about the new MacBook: Find out why Lenovo ZUK Z2 Pro started receiving Android Nougat flavour Apple could add a new 10.5-inch model to the existing iPad Pro lineup Google Pixel phones will soon receive volume bug fixing update Idea is offering exciting deals for customers buying 4G smartphones Alibaba's UCWeb to invest Rs 2 bn in India, Indonesia Reliance Jio's cheap tariff plans let it fine tune its networks Samsung Galaxy S8 leak tips at bezel-less display sans home button Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Lenovo P2Videocon Virat V3BCXOLO Era 2XiBall 2.4H Supremo B3Coolpad Cool1 DualLYF Water 3Karbonn Titanium Vista 4GAsus ZenFone Go 4.5 LTE (ZB450KL)Karbonn K9 Viraat 4GLYF Wind 7SVideocon Bazoomba6 V2SBAsus ZenFone 3 Max ZC553KLLenovo K6 NoteSwipe Elite MaxZTE Nubia N1 Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Handhelds  »  Tablets  »  Review Review: Amazon Fire HD 8 (2016) - fantastic tablet for the price by  Nathan Spendelow  |  Tuesday 17 January 2017  | Comment Now Rating Overall: 45 "Despite its shortfalls, Amazon’s latest Fire HD 8 tablet is easy to recommend." Price $120 AUD > Pricing info Specs Quad-core 1.3GHz MediaTek MT8163 processor • 1.5GB RAM • 8in IPS display, 800 x 1,280 resolution • 16/32GB storage • microSD slot • 2MP/0.3MP rear/front camera • 802.11n Wi-Fi • Bluetooth • micro-USB connector • FireOS 5 • 4,750mAh battery • 128 x 9.2 x 214mm (WDH) • 341g • 1yr RTB warranty Tweet Email this Print this Feedback Neither fast nor sleek, but the Fire HD 8 is the best Android tablet you can buy for not much more than $100. Last year’s Amazon Fire HD 8 was a decent cut-price tablet, but it struggled to stand out against its cheaper Fire 7 sibling, or the larger Fire HD 10. This year, Amazon has revamped the 8in Fire tablet with more storage, more colour and more powerful internals. And what a difference it makes. Where last year’s model was hamstrung by 8GB of storage, the new Fire HD 8 comes in 16GB and 32GB models that can be expanded by up to 200GB via microSD. Plus, there’s a new quad-core 1.3GHz chip inside and a more generous 1.5GB of RAM. It’s chunky, weighing 341g, but Amazon distracts from the thick bezel by offering a choice of four colours: black, blue, tangerine and magenta. Despite its girth, it feels robust and well-suited to the rough and tumble of general home life, particularly if you’re considering buying this for a child. At $120 or so for the basic 16GB version, it’s one of the best-made tablets for the price.  I wouldn’t call it fast – the quad-core 1.3GHz MediaTek processor falls into the low-to-mid range, as evidenced by a Geekbench 3 single-core result of 644 – but menu transitions are smooth, and there are no horrible shudders as you navigate through options or watch video. It also copes well with simpler games such as Threes and Temple Run, but high-intensity games aren’t suitable; it managed an average of only 7.1fps in GFX Bench GL’s onscreen Manhattan 3 test.  Web browsing was smooth, but I saw noticeable performance dips when scrolling through media-heavy pages, such as The Guardian. This isn’t surprising given its Peacekeeper browser performance score of 568.  Where the Fire HD 8 really shines, though, is battery life. Setting the screen brightness to our predefined measurement of 170cd/m2, the Fire HD 8 managed 13hrs 4mins of continuous video playback, which is a great time for an 8in device. It’s by far the longest-lasting Fire tablet we’ve seen to date, surpassing both the Fire HD 10 and Fire 7 by around four hours.  For this price, the Amazon Fire HD 8 was never going to have an award-winning screen, so its 66% sRGB colour gamut coverage isn’t surprising. That score falls well behind  Android rivals such as the Huawei MediaPad M3 and Acer Iconia Tab 10 – but don’t be frightened off: colours were neither too warm nor too cool, so it isn’t the disaster it might at first appear. Likewise, its 1,280 x 800 resolution might sound humdrum, but text is still crisp and easy to read, and its contrast ratio of 968:1 helps text stand out against lighter backgrounds. It’s exceedingly bright, too, hitting a high of 455cd/m2. That’s more than enough for outside use, and I could see the screen clearly, even in sunshine.  One thing you won’t be using the Fire HD 8 for is photography. Its rear 2-megapixel rear camera is a token effort from Amazon, and even outdoor shots showed a lack of detail. Colours were washed out, too, with grain evident throughout. Turning on HDR makes things even worse, thanks in part to the lengthy amount of time it needs to take an image: camera shake and stabilisation became a major issue. There’s no rear flash, making dark indoor shots near-impossible to make out.  As always with a Fire tablet, you’re restricted to Amazon’s own version of Android. That means you can’t access Google Play on this device, and it doesn’t include Google apps such as Maps. If you’re already deeply tied into Amazon’s various services then this proprietary approach has many benefits. If not then the only plus side comes from Amazon’s Underground app store – this always includes a sprinkling of exclusive offers and freebies.  Despite its shortfalls, Amazon’s latest Fire HD 8 tablet is easy to recommend. You won’t find an Android tablet of similar quality for less, especially with such great battery life. The Fire HD 8 is a solid choice for anyone looking for a family-friendly tablet, or a cheap, second device to use on their travels.  Related Reviews Review: Gigabyte Brix Gaming UHD PC One Minute Review: Logitech G231 Prodigy gaming headphones Review: Misfit Phase breaks the smartwatch mould One Minute Review: Tile Mate & Slim Review: Seagate FireCuda 2TB Source: Copyright © Alphr, Dennis Publishing See more about:  amazon fire hd  |  android  |  android tablet  |  fire hd 8  |  review   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Review: Asus ZenBook Flip UX360UA convertible laptop     How to: Level up your wi-fi with Ubiquiti’s UniFi     Review: LG 34UC87 34in curved monitor     Asus Ant Man screening     Review: BenQ XL2730Z FreeSync Display   NOTE: You must be a registered member of PC & Tech Authority to post a comment. Click here to login | Click here to register More in Tablets (1 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Amazon Fire HD 8 (2016) - fantastic tablet for the price << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (2 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Asus ZenBook Flip UX360UA convertible laptop << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (3 of 10 articles) FEATURE Hands-on Preview: We test out the Brydge Keyboard for Surface Pro << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Hands-on Preview: Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 is a beautiful convertible << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (5 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Asus ZenBook Flip UX360CA << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (6 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Lenovo Ideapad Miix 700 << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (7 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (8 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Dell Inspiron 15 5000 2-in-1 << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (9 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Dell Inspiron 13 5000 2-in-1 delivers quality over battery << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (10 of 10 articles) NEWS Microsoft announces a new desktop PC with a difference << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Tablets News Hands-on Preview: Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 is a beautiful convertible Review Review: Amazon Fire HD 8 (2016) - fantastic tablet for the price Feature Hands-on Preview: We test out the Brydge Keyboard for Surface Pro Group Test Microsoft UMPC devices Gallery Unboxed: Microsoft's Surface Pro 2 A-list Product Apple iPad Pro 9.7in From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Tip: Your shop can use a smartphone instead of an EFTPOS terminal Free antivirus software put to the test The five coolest tablets at CES 2017 The six coolest smartphones introduced at CES 2017 SkyMesh beats telco supplier over millions in defective gear, data fees Australia ranks 50th in the world for average internet speeds at 9.6Mbps VMware User Group erupts after leaders from Nutanix sacked from VMUG The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 CEO ousted in AISA coup Telstra warns container ships off its subsea patch Landmark Australian ruling on what counts as 'personal information' Vic state property developer to sell off controversial FTTH network 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege The best upcoming PC games of 2017 Review: Alienware's Alpha R2 is a lost cause 10 essential tips to get you started in Civilization VI About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Megaport Enables Elastic Interconnectivity to Trans-Pacific Link News provided by Megaport Jan 16, 2017, 20:04 ET Share this article Singapore to Hong Kong to Los Angeles: Enterprise Customers will Access Trans-Pacific Capacity via Megaport's Global Software Defined Network LOS ANGELES, Jan. 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Megaport (USA), Inc, the US subsidiary of Megaport Limited (ASX: MP1) ("Megaport"), the global leading provider of Elastic Interconnection services, today announced a new route for customers, connecting Hong Kong to Los Angeles and a secondary path from Singapore to Hong Kong to meet high customer demand. As with all Megaport enabled infrastructure, consumption will be based on cloud computing models, including month-to-month services. Through this link, enterprise customers can now access trans-pacific capacity via Megaport's global Software Defined Network. This means that Megaport customers can now link services including cloud connections, Point to Points, and remote peering between Hong Kong, Singapore, and the U.S., without requiring a physical presence in all locations. "This link represents a great step forward for Megaport from a growth standpoint as we not only are enabling a secondary path between Singapore to Hong Kong to keep up with demand, but are also linking two of our key markets," said Denver Maddux, CEO, Megaport. "Through this new route, we are able to bring together Megaport's backbone in Asia and our terrestrial network in North America, therein providing a more immersive network and a richer fabric through the increased number of customers, partners, and providers on the combined footprint." For enterprise customers in Asia Pacific and North America, this link enables Megaport to provide greater value by expanding each regional footprint and allowing for two key markets to be connected. Customers can directly connect to Amazon Web Services, Google, Microsoft Azure, and more cloud service providers through Megaport partnerships. This launch comes at the heels of another recent announcement, wherein Megaport enabled transatlantic capacity for customers through an innovative partnership with Aqua Comms Limited, the owner/operator of AE Connect, a 13TB undersea cable connecting New York, Dublin, and London. This link went live on 12th January, 2017. About Megaport Megaport is the global leading provider of Elastic Interconnection services. The Company's global Software Defined Network enables customers to rapidly connect their network to other services and data centres across the world. Services can be directly controlled by customers via their mobile devices, computer, or our open API. The Company's extensive footprint in Australia, Asia Pacific, North America, and Europe provides a neutral platform that spans many key data centre providers across various cities. Led by industry veteran Denver Maddux, Megaport has been built by a highly experienced team with extensive knowledge in building large scale global carrier networks and cloud connectivity. Megaport connects over 550 customers throughout its 140+ locations in 36 markets in 19 countries. Megaport is an Amazon AWS Technology Partner, Microsoft Azure ExpressRoute Partner, and Google Cloud Interconnect Partner. If you would like to learn more about Megaport, please visit megaport.com. MEDIA INQUIRIES Megaport Contact: Wendy Hill wendy@sapphirecommunications.com.au Sapphire Communications for Megaport (M) +61 427 173 203 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/megaport-enables-elastic-interconnectivity-to-trans-pacific-link-300391615.html SOURCE Megaport Related Links http://www.megaport.com Jan 17, 2017, 09:00 ET Preview: Megaport Enters into Global Platform & Exclusive South American Strategic Alliance with Seaborn Networks Dec 09, 2016, 07:25 ET Preview: Sofia Connect étend la portée de son réseau grâce à un partenariat stratégique avec Megaport pour activer une interconnectivité élastique à travers l'Europe de l'Est My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 17, 2017, 17:57 ETMegaport celebra aliança estratégica sul-americana exclusiva e... Jan 17, 2017, 09:00 ETMegaport Enters into Global Platform & Exclusive South American... Explore More news releases in similar topics Internet Technology Computer Electronics Computer Software Networks Contracts You just read: Megaport Enables Elastic Interconnectivity to Trans-Pacific Link News provided by Megaport Jan 16, 2017, 20:04 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Watch Live: Rick Perry Testifies at Energy Secretary Confirmation Hearing Get Alerts Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing ISIS Terror Lethal Injection TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Inspiring America Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Tech Apple Gadgets Internet Security Innovation Mobile Tech Jan 12 2017, 9:30 am ET Peter Thiel Agrees: Apple Has Gone Stale by Ben Popken Share Share Tweet Share Email Print Comment advertisement Has Apple gone stale? Tech rogue Peter Thiel thinks so, telling the New York Times this week that he believes "the age of Apple is over." "We know what a smartphone looks like and does," said the Facebook board member, PayPal co-founder, chess prodigy, and Trump transition team member. "It's not the fault of Tim Cook, but it's not an area where there will be any more innovation." Loyal fans agree, citing lackluster "improvements," a lack of innovation, and a year that saw sales fall for the first time since 2001. As Apple celebrates the 10th anniversary of the iPhone, the company appears to have gone into "maintenance mode" while everyone waits for its next big thing to emerge — if ever. Ronan Timoney, a 23-year-old economics and finance student in Ireland, has had Apple laptops since 2010, iPhones since 2011 and an iPad since 2012. As a young, avid Apple user, he's exactly the kind of customer the company should be wooing for their long-term success. But his most recent smartphone purchase was an Android. Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed Apple's iPhone 7 announcement: Will the headphone jack change pay off? 1:58 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/760365123587" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> For him, Apple has lost its luster. "Their products have become fashion accessories rather than high-powered gadgets, and prices now outstrip quality," said Timoney. He "will not be buying any Apple products for the foreseeable future," he said. 2016 was a particularly rotten year for Apple. Annual sales fell for the first time since it launched the iPod in 2001, going from a record $234 billion in 2015 to $216 billion. Its new lineup of MacBook Pros this year failed to impress. The best thing about the iPhone 7 is its camera. It also forced users to invest in $159 wireless AirPods, which had a delayed launch, or use an awkward dongle to use their old headphones. Not very "Appley." Core Products for 2017 And what's in store for 2017? Reportedly three new faster iPad models in different sizes as the company tries to fend off other touch-screen phones and computers, but iPad units have declined in 10 of the last 11 quarters. Instead of "thinking different" the company is "thinking slightly better." To be sure, "Apple is a great American success story," but, "a lot of that innovation came from the Steve Jobs era," said Colin Gillis, an analyst at BGC Partners known for his bearish views on the company. CEO Tim Cook is an efficient caretaker but doesn't necessarily have the late Steve Jobs' "founder's fire" that can propel a company past the threshold of what was thought to be possible, said Gillis. "Amazon, Google, Tesla, Netflix, Facebook, what do they have in common? They're all still driven by their founders. They're still able to make big bets and change directions. Is Apple positioned for the next thing?" asked Gillis. Related: Apple's Poor Performance Takes a Bite out of Tim Cook's Salary That's the big question as longtime users and investors wait to see where the company's $2 billion annual increase in research and development has been going and on what acronym it might it plant a flag next. AR? IOT? VR? AI? "What you're seeing is a point where Apple is making a slower transition away from being a company that historically came out with whizzbang products every couple of years to a company that makes great products we all need," said Gene Munster, the co-founder of Loup Ventures, who previously covered Apple as a Piper Jaffray analyst for over a decade and remains bullish. "As they shift resources, you get what happened in 2016: Not that exciting of a product year." Who's Driving Innovation? He thinks the next big things for Apple will be whatever it decides to do in the car space, artificial intelligence, and, according to the kind of Apple rumors that used to capture fanboys' and pundits' imaginations, a foldable phone with bendable glass. But it won't be Apple making the device, countered Gillis. "They're not driving the innovation... Samsung will be the ones who make it." Even hardcore Apple users say they've noticed a change. Apple is becoming more like Microsoft, a former wunderkind that became large, profitable, boring, and angered pro users. Is Microsoft the New Apple? As a Mac user, I.T. manager Dan Fox is used to standing out at his PC-filled office at an Orlando-based engineering firm. "Apple made these gorgeous, sleek, shiny devices that looked like they were from the future," he told NBC News. "They were cooler than anything else on the market and, more importantly, they actually worked better," said the 45-year-old Fox. His family members are all Apple fans too, and their house is full of MacBooks, Apple Watches, iPads, iPhones, Apple TVs, and he even sprang for the AirPods. As of late though, the "cutting edge" upgrades to the Surface and Office 365 have him considering that Microsoft might be becoming the new Apple, with well-built and innovative products, he says, that show an attention to details. He still loves Apple, but says he feels "Improvements are iterative, and it's almost as though Apple is now relying on its brand more than its tech. It feels like they are stalling on innovation to squeeze one more model out with a tiny upgrade. Rinse. Repeat. Things are starting to feel… stale." Ben Popken Twitter Facebook Google Plus Email Topics Apple First Published Jan 11 2017, 9:51 am ET Next Story Happy 10th Birthday, iPhone! What's Next? advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business selected Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Business selected Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Business Business The successful women embracing ‘girl power’ By Katie Hope BBC News, Davos 17 January 2017 From the section Business Share Share this with Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-38638325 Read more about sharing. Close share panel Image caption Shelley Zalis says "trying to be a man is a waste of a woman" "Embrace your inner girl" is not a phrase you'll hear very often, particularly in the macho world of business where "manning up" is more de rigueur. Yet if you attend any major business conference this year, then you're likely to come across "The Girls' Lounge". It might sound like a name dreamt up by an unimaginative spa owner or an all-female pop-band, but in reality it's a professional networking space for women. On the eve of the World Economic Forum in Davos - a place where male attendees outnumber females five to one, the space is just being prepared. A peek through the windows show that it's all white sofas and cushions, some adorned with glitter pink writing. The decor is soft and unashamedly feminine. Lounges at previous conferences have included beauty treatments, such as face masks and manicures. Aside from the patronising use of the word "girl", surely the idea that women need a separate mingling space, and such a stereotypically feminine one to boot, is doing little to further the case for female equality? Image caption The Girls' Lounge includes cushions with pink glitter writing Shelley Zalis - who started The Girls' Lounge five years ago - is unapologetic: "This is their boys' club - for women to get to know other women. "There are masculine and feminine styles of leadership and we encourage women to find and lead with their strengths. We need both [styles] or we're all the same," she says. Changing a mindset Ms Zalis resolutely refuses to apologise for using the word "girl", arguing the word "woman" is too associated with the traditional hierarchy where female leaders conform to male leadership styles. Beyond Ms Zalis' deliberately provocative and attention-grabbing approach, her point is that women need to take on leadership in whichever way they choose, not emulating the male, institutional model. "We have to stop fixing the women. We have to fix our mindset and recalibrate our mindset on equality and understand men and women are all equal. Until society and corporations value the individual strengths of each person we won't progress," she says. And in The Girls' Lounge, underneath the seemingly fluffy interior, there's plenty of hard facts. In it, for example, there are ten clocks from various countries. Based on a nine to five day, they point to the time a woman should leave work according to the wage gap in the country. Image copyright Getty Images Image caption At the World Economic Forum in Davos, male attendees outnumber female by five to one The US clock points to 3.20pm, highlighting the fact that women there earn only 79% of what men earn. To make the same point, men in the Girls' Lounge are charged $1 for a bar of chocolate, while women pay 79 cents. While Ms Zalis' initial aim was simply to provide a space for women to feel less isolated at male dominated business events, the Girls' Lounge now hosts serious talks on addressing inequality and has attracted some heavyweight commercial partners including Unilever and Google. The Girls' Lounge is part of The Female Quotient, the firm founded by Ms Zalis which aims to advance workplace equality. The firm has conducted research for consumer goods giant Unilever showing the extent to which underlying bias is holding back progress on the issue. The study, published on Tuesday, showed that not only do an overwhelming 77% of men believe that a man is the best choice to lead an important project, but also the majority (55%) of women. More so, men and women overwhelmingly believe that men don't want women in top corporate positions, according to the research, which interviewed more than 9,000 men and women across eight markets. Image copyright Unilever Image caption Unilever changed its adverts last year to make them less gender stereo-typed Unilever's chief marketing officer Keith Weed said the poll pinpointed how traditional beliefs and norms were still holding back women's progress. "Men have intellectually bought into [the] whole area of gender inequality, but acting on it there's still a long way to go. We are holding stereotypes in our head that we fit people into," he said. Mr Weed said addressing the issue was not just "a moral issue but an economic issue". The firm, behind more than 400 brands from Ben & Jerry's ice-cream to Dove soap, last year pledged to remove sexist stereotypes from its own ads. Mr Weed said while it was too early to measure the impact of this change, its previous research had shown that progressive ads were 12% more effective. Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Erica Dhawan is optimistic about the future of gender equality Yet, Erica Dhawan, a female chief executive of consultancy Cotential, perhaps offers some hope. In her thirties, she says she identifies herself as part of several groups: a millennial, an Indian American, and has never thought there's anything that either women or men could do better. "We can't solve age old problems with old solutions. We need to redefine inclusion in today's modern world and by bringing new perspectives we can improve gender equality. I'm extremely optimistic I believe we need to broaden the conversation. Ms Zalis also believes the new corporations which have emerged in the past couple of decades, such as the tech giants such as Facebook and Google, could help to adjust the balance. "Most traditional corporations were founded over 100 years ago when women weren't in the workplace. Newer firms have equality in their DNA," she says. Hopefully that heralds a future where there will be no need for a girls or boys club but just clubs. Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story Davos 2017: Trump, China and Brexit set to dominate 16 January 2017 The defeat of Davos: Are the global elite in retreat? 16 January 2017 Davos 2017: Can Xi Jinping be star of the show? 16 January 2017 Top Stories Dozens missing in Italian avalanche Three bodies are removed from the ruins of a luxury mountain hotel as a desperate search continues. 19 January 2017 First footage inside avalanche hotel 19 January 2017 May: Inequality fuels politics of division 19 January 2017 Features Alkaline swindle The dying officer treated for cancer with baking soda Remember these? Where have all the courgettes gone? Make no mistake The man correcting stories about Muslims Video Cutting loose The Instagram star who cuts Michelle Obama's hair Hard pressed Why does the NHS always seem to be short of staff? Twenty years later What is it like witnessing history as a child? Pious vs secular The widening lifestyle chasm in modern Turkey The meat killer The vegan trying to make the perfect burger Final destination Grappling with Thailand's lethal roads News navigation Business Sections Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business selected Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit NI Election 2017 Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
Skip to main content App RSS SPH A Singapore press holdings portal SearchLogIn Home News Latest Opinion Science And Tech Crime Entertainment Sports Reuters Indonesian watchdog says former Garuda CEO a bribery suspect Reuters Malaysia to offer reward for missing Flight MH370 Reuters Activists call for Indonesia zoo to release "starving" bears AFP S Korea court rejects arrest warrant for Samsung heir Park Chan-Kyong AsiaOne Tap in and out of MRT stations with a flick of the wrist with these EZ-Link Wearables Lifestyle Features Women Travel Food Health Digital Reuters Indonesian watchdog says former Garuda CEO a bribery suspect Reuters Malaysia to offer reward for missing Flight MH370 Reuters Activists call for Indonesia zoo to release "starving" bears AFP S Korea court rejects arrest warrant for Samsung heir Park Chan-Kyong AsiaOne Tap in and out of MRT stations with a flick of the wrist with these EZ-Link Wearables Singapore Reuters Indonesian watchdog says former Garuda CEO a bribery suspect Reuters Malaysia to offer reward for missing Flight MH370 Reuters Activists call for Indonesia zoo to release "starving" bears AFP S Korea court rejects arrest warrant for Samsung heir Park Chan-Kyong AsiaOne Tap in and out of MRT stations with a flick of the wrist with these EZ-Link Wearables Business Reuters Indonesian watchdog says former Garuda CEO a bribery suspect Reuters Malaysia to offer reward for missing Flight MH370 Reuters Activists call for Indonesia zoo to release "starving" bears AFP S Korea court rejects arrest warrant for Samsung heir Park Chan-Kyong AsiaOne Tap in and out of MRT stations with a flick of the wrist with these EZ-Link Wearables Malaysia Reuters Indonesian watchdog says former Garuda CEO a bribery suspect Reuters Malaysia to offer reward for missing Flight MH370 Reuters Activists call for Indonesia zoo to release "starving" bears AFP S Korea court rejects arrest warrant for Samsung heir Park Chan-Kyong AsiaOne Tap in and out of MRT stations with a flick of the wrist with these EZ-Link Wearables Asia Reuters Indonesian watchdog says former Garuda CEO a bribery suspect Reuters Malaysia to offer reward for missing Flight MH370 Reuters Activists call for Indonesia zoo to release "starving" bears AFP S Korea court rejects arrest warrant for Samsung heir Park Chan-Kyong AsiaOne Tap in and out of MRT stations with a flick of the wrist with these EZ-Link Wearables World Reuters Indonesian watchdog says former Garuda CEO a bribery suspect Reuters Malaysia to offer reward for missing Flight MH370 Reuters Activists call for Indonesia zoo to release "starving" bears AFP S Korea court rejects arrest warrant for Samsung heir Park Chan-Kyong AsiaOne Tap in and out of MRT stations with a flick of the wrist with these EZ-Link Wearables Forum 1. Centrepoint...after so many years 5. China warns small nations: don’t take sides 2. China should be barred from South China Sea islands 6. Malaysian ringgit could push past 4.55 by end of Q1 3. Workers can be re-employed till 67 7. Why wives always dislike the secretary for making coffee 4. Why wives always dislike the secretary for making coffee 8. Enough campaign to do away with plastic bag here in S'pore? Services Horoscope Stock Market COE RESULTS Currency Converter 4D, TOTO & SWEEP Weather toggle menu Search LogIn News Singapore Business Asia World Malaysia Crime Transport Entertainment Sports Opinion Science & Tech Lifestyle Features Women Travel Food Health Digital Luxury Indonesian watchdog says former Garuda CEO a bribery suspect Malaysia to offer reward for missing Flight MH370 Activists call for Indonesia zoo to release "starving" bears Slash your shopping bill by reducing your clothing budget realistically S Korea court rejects arrest warrant for Samsung heir Park Chan-Kyong Tap in and out of MRT stations with a flick of the wrist with these EZ-Link Wearables The world according to Park: A blacklist and placenta shots in S Korea Planning on seeing sakura in Japan? Here's when it'll blossom in 2017 Leaving war behind, Iraqis hit the ski slopes Massive fire engulfs historic Jakarta market Lombok's Setanggor village, a must-visit for cultural enthusiasts Najib: Malaysia to contribute $3.2m towards humanitarian aid for Rohingya Asia Nirmala Ganapathy Tuesday, Jan 17, 2017 Share this article News PostPurchase this article for republication. Tags Digital india Asia Digital safety fears as India eyes cashless future The Straits Times | Nirmala Ganapathy | Tuesday, Jan 17, 2017 Roadside stalls in Mumbai displaying signs that they accept digital payments via Paytm, a digital-wallet company. Following his decision in November to demonetise high-value currency notes of 1,000 rupees and 500 rupees to curb corruption and illegal activities, PM Modi has been pushing for cashless transactions to promote more transparency. Photo: Reuters Nirmala Ganapathy The Straits Times Tuesday, Jan 17, 2017 As the Indian government urges millions to embrace digital payment systems, concerns over cyber security are growing due to a spate of high-profile hacking and cyber- security incidents. Following his decision in November to demonetise high-value currency notes of 1,000 rupees (S$21) and 500 rupees to curb corruption and illegal activities, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been pushing for cashless transactions to promote more transparency. He launched BHIM (Bharat Interface for Money), an app for cashless transactions, and his government has announced a raft of incentives including discounts of up to 10 per cent for the purchase of petrol, diesel and insurance products by card. Yet cyber-security experts said going digital must go hand in hand with stronger legislation, more protection for consumers and more resources to fight cybercrimes. In November, 73 State Bank of India cardholders reported fraudulent withdrawals of around 3.9 million rupees following a data breach at the bank's ATMs. The bank, according to the government, blocked 600,000 cards. This was preceded by the country's biggest cyber-security breach last October in which multiple banks asked customers to change security codes for more than 3.25 million debit cards, including those on Visa and MasterCard platforms, amid concerns that the card data could have been stolen. "After demonetisation and cashless economy, cyber security is becoming even more relevant," said Mr Pawan Duggal, a cyber-law advocate. "India is thoroughly unprepared to deal with cyber security because, number one, India does not have a dedicated cyber-security law," he added. India has an Information Technology Act 2000 where the maximum punishment for cyber terrorism is life imprisonment while cybercrimes like hacking may be punished by up to three years' jail. "Various state and non-state actors across the world are increasingly watching India's progress and targeting Indian networks and government websites. It is a wake-up call to work consistently on cyber security," said Mr Duggal. Cybercrimes have been on the rise in India, which has more than 400 million Internet users, and 25 million users are added every year. In 2015, 11,592 cybercrime cases were reported across India, compared with 453 in 2006, according to data released by the National Crime Records Bureau. According to a Symantec report in 2015, India ranked third highest for ransomware attacks in Asia. In such attacks, hackers plant malicious software that blocks access to files until a sum of money is paid . "In recent times, Indian banks have been targeted, so there is a certain amount of concern in the minds of people. Is my data safe? From that point of view, India needs to ensure things are in place," said Dr Ajey Lele of the Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses, a Delhi-based think-tank. "A structure (to combat cybercrimes) is in place but, looking at recent attacks, it is an evolving threat. One has to stay vigilant," he said. Worries over online crimes have been reinforced by recent high-profile hacking cases. Hackers on Jan 1 defaced the official website of the National Security Guard, an Indian special forces unit, and left derogatory messages targeting Mr Modi. The authorities suspect the hacking originated from Pakistan. This follows the hacking last month of the Twitter accounts of Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi and the party by a group called Legion. The government has acknowledged that much needs to be done to ensure digital security. Last Wednesday, Information Technology Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad invited Google to join government efforts to boost cyber- security systems. Last month, IBM launched a cyber-security command centre in Bengaluru to offer security solutions to Indian companies while Cisco announced plans to open a new security operations centre in Pune. "The more digital India becomes, there would be challenges," said Mr Prasad at an event. "We have taken a lot of initiatives, but there has to be greater strengthening of the IT walls," he said. 453 CYBERCRIME CASES REPORTED IN INDIA IN 2006 11,592 CYBERCRIME CASES REPORTED IN 2015 400m INTERNET USERS IN INDIA 25m INTERNET USERS ADDED EVERY YEAR gnirmala@sph.com.sg This article was first published on January 16, 2017. Get a copy of The Straits Times or go to straitstimes.com for more stories. Sign up and stand a chance to win a stay at an exclusive Genting Highlands resort for V-Day! Contest details in our newsletter! Name Email Address Sign up I have read and accept the Privacy Policy No comments yet. Be the first to post comment. follow us SHOPPING Pre-CNY Sale! $299 Xbox One for limited time only! Best-selling CNY Cookies from Baker's Oven! Grab it before it's gone! Sign up now and win these at $1!! Exclusively on Qoo10! Fashion / Deals Edition is now on!! Over 100 deals fr. $1! Bid now! About Us Contact Us Privacy Statement Follow Us Tell Us   Name * Email Address * Comment * Submit SPH DIGITAL NEWS / ASIAONE GROUP / Copyright © 2017. Singapore Press Holdings Ltd . Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. Terms & Conditions | Personal Data Protection Statement
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Thursday, 19 Jan 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Thursday, 19 Jan 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events Editorial Letters The Express Tribune > Opinion   People and their books Share Tweet People and their books In a countr­y of nearly 200 millio­n, Pakist­an publis­hes only 2,500 books on averag­e By Muhammad Hamid Zaman Published: January 17, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email The writer is a Howard Hughes Medical Institute professor of Biomedical Engineering, International Health and Medicine at Boston University. He tweets @mhzaman It gets dark early in northern Norway these days. I travel routinely to Trondheim to engage with researchers in global health at the Norwegian Technical University (NTNU). On a relatively mild evening last week, I decided to go to the bookstore close to my hotel. It was a weekday and well past sundown. Yet, the bookstore was far from empty. Instead, it was doing a booming business. I thought perhaps there was an event or an author reading scheduled, but there was nothing of the sort. I came again, the next day, a little earlier this time. The scene at the bookstore did not look any different. Plenty of customers and a very busy checkout counter greeted me. Yet, there was no event and no special sales. Something did not quite add up. I went to another bookstore, just a few yards from the first one, and saw a similar atmosphere. I had to ask what attracted so many people, so I got in the checkout line to find out. The bookseller, who was kind and patient, told me with a big smile that Norway in particular, and Scandinavia in general, is known for its love of books. Reading is very much a part of culture and Norway is among the top book publishing countries (per capita) in the world. I wasn’t sure if he was right, so I asked him, how many books are published every year in Norway. He did not know, but he pointed me to the national database. I came back to my hotel and started looking at national bibliographic databases. Much to my surprise, the bookseller was right! On average, Norway publishes about 10,000 books per year, most of them in Norwegian. Most of these works are original and not translations. In a country of about five million, this comes to about one book per every five hundred people every year! Sweden, Denmark and Finland are not much different. Iceland, with a population of just over three hundred thousand publishes about 1,500 per year. That comes to about one book per every two hundred people. I then started looking at Pakistan’s situation. In a country of nearly 200 million, Pakistan publishes on average about 2,500 books (the latest data on National Library of Pakistan’s website is from 2013 but the trend has been the same for several years). This comes to one book per eighty thousand people! Our neighbours on both sides (Iran and India) do much better than us. The numbers themselves painted only half a story. The bigger devil was in the details. A significant number of the books published were self-help books ranging from becoming an expert in gharailoo ilaaj (household medical remedies) to the list of multiple-choice questions in CSS exams. Literature and literary analysis made only a quarter of the total books published. There were nearly as many books in the “religion” category (including lists and self-help books) as they were in literature. Science and technology painted a particularly sorry picture. A majority of the books in this category were simply textbooks. Other books on science were proceedings of conferences. There can be many arguments on why we do such a dismal job in book publishing. Cost of publishing may be one issue but few people write books and even fewer are interested in buying, even those who have the means. A friend, who is a journalist in Pakistan and works in the English press, recently bragged that he has not read a single book in the last five years. Other friends in the circle came up with similar statistics. A family member told me that who needs books when you can “Google” anything. For me, these sentiments are a reflection of our relationship with the written word. Tweets and Facebook posts are no replacement for books, and as our relationship with books starts to fracture, so does our ability to construct a healthier society. Scandinavia continues to lead the world in gender equality, social stability and the quality of life. There are many reasons for that — but I predict that relationship with books may have something to do with it. Published in The Express Tribune, January 17th, 2017. Like Opinion & Editorial on Facebook, follow @ETOpEd on Twitter to receive all updates on all our daily pieces. Read more: books , education , Norway Read full story Recommended Stories Positive steps: ‘Steps taken to improve education’   Educational indicators have improved during the last three years Facilitating students: With digital libraries, Punjab aims to promote reading Govt gives go-ahead for establishing 151 smart libraries at a cost of Rs940m Pakistani authors make it to HuffPo's most anticipated books of 2017 Sabyn's Javer's 'Nobody Killed Her' and Sanam Mahers book on Qandeel Baloch featured on the list Facebook Conversations Reader Comments (8) All Comments Reader's Recommendations vinsin Jan 17, 2017 - 10:23AM Reply It is good that Pakistani dont read textbook otherwise they will get to know their real history. Pakistan is not a secular country expecting it to read scientific books is too much. For a normal Pakistani Nuclear weapons are height of scientific development. Had science been that important in life, majority of them would have not converted. You are talking in a country where khilji and Islamic invaders are hero for destroying all universities in subcontinent at the time when European where establishing theirs.Recommend Toti calling Jan 17, 2017 - 10:53AM Reply Comparing Pakistan with Scandinavian countries is off the mark as these northern countries are a model of maturity and liberal way of life. There are more women on top jobs than anywhere else. The standard of living is higher in these countries than most of the world. They are also more educated than others. Pakistan, on the other hand is a poorer country where the education levels are worse even compared to other developing countries. And yet if you talk to Pakisanis in general they want to have last word on any subject as if they have done research on the subjects. As they say little knowledge is dangerous . Recommend ANGST Jan 17, 2017 - 5:03PM Reply If Pakistanis write much the world would start believing it is seventh century, better they write name on cheque book leaves only.Recommend ahmad Jan 17, 2017 - 5:57PM Reply same is the case with bookstores. A research boasted that lahore has a large number of bookstores in comparison to its population. However, it totally ignored the fact that most of these bookstores sell text books and should not be a measure of book reading.Recommend Huzur Jan 17, 2017 - 10:17PM Reply the Ottoman Empire built many beautiful mosques, but no schools of higher learning. The Muslims were kept at their primitive level of education, and even the great libraries of Baghdad were routinely destroyed.Nalanda is another example of knowledge being set on fire.Recommend ali Jan 18, 2017 - 10:26AM Reply reading habits start from school,, we don’t have any reading programs in schools (not talking abt KGS, or City Schools) even in big universities like Sindh university and Mehran UET don’t have a reading/Book Club,,, this need to change.. also we NEVER saw our political leaders encouraging reading books,, do we know what is the favorite book of our Prime Minister and other ministers?? or what books they read last year?? I saw many times Obama with books.. also our media need to encourage reading as well,, I saw Aftab Iqbal and Sohail Waraich introducing new books in their programs,,, this is how bit by bit we encourage people to read…Recommend Solomon2 Jan 18, 2017 - 10:05PM Reply “as our relationship with books starts to fracture, so does our ability to construct a healthier society.” What is the purpose of writing a new book? For one person to share his ideas with many. What is the purpose of reading a new book? To absorb new and uncommon ideas. Are such acts truly welcome in today’s Pakistan?Recommend ahmed41 Jan 19, 2017 - 9:41AM Reply tell me what you read & i will tell you what you are !!! Better to survey the reading habits of parents . Recommend MORE Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 Faryal Makhdoom reacts to Amir Khan's 'leaked sex tape' 2 Boxer Amir Khan's 'sex tape leaked' on porn website 3 Wouldn't want to repeat that experience ever: Karan Johar on ADHM controversy 4 QAU fails to control contraband on campus 5 Ranveer Singh's Faisalabad-based doppelgänger breaks the internet 6 Ton-up Smith leads Australia to seven-wicket win over Pakistan 7 One Constitution Avenue case: Flats booked by who’s who of Pakistan 8 Lahore student tortured for tweeting on missing digital activists 9 Mahira Khan breaks silence over not being able to promote Raees 10 Pakistani passport still second worst for international travel Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows #Hamkey Go Black Tie #RIZJID The Night Away H20 Premier A Touch of Opulence More in OpinionReforms, not military alliances © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters A -- Z Blogs Business World Sports Technology Magazine WebChutney Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Samsung Galaxy S8 Release Date Rumored To Be Scheduled For April 15 – Tech Times Posted on January 16, 2017 by Tech Times The Galaxy S8 will come out April 15, a new report suggests. The handset itself has enjoyed a slew of rumors, more so now that its release is imminent. ( David Ramos | Getty Images ). Advertisement. This week, purportedly leaked 3D renders of the … Samsung Galaxy S8: Device Measurements Leaked, Rumored To Launch On April 15International Business Times Samsung says it knows why the Galaxy Note 7 exploded — and it’s no surpriseDigital Trends Here’s the battery that could have saved the Galaxy Note 7BGR Android Police -9 to 5 Google -PhoneDog -ValueWalk all 512 news articles …read more wrote 25149 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News ‘Overwatch’ Is Smartly Planning A Chinese New Year Event, ‘Year of the Rooster’ – Forbes LinkedIn debuts new desktop version with chatbots, new search and more – TechCrunch New iPads Might Not Launch Until Sometime in the Second Half of 2017 – Mac Rumors Panasonic wants to expand Tesla partnership to sensors for self-driving – TechCrunch Netflix Beats Subscriber Count Target By 36% As Growth Strategy Pays Off – Forbes Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Tuesday, 17 January 2017 | MYT 8:30 AM ‘Uncharted 4: A Thief’s End’ nominated for multiple awards Highly acclaimed game: Uncharted 4 has been nominated for a whole bunch of awards. — Naughty Dog/Sony Interactive Entertainment Uncharted 4 and Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare have both been nominated for Hollywood industry awards in 2017, thanks to the Writers Guild and Visual Effects Society, with the former featuring prominently among DICE Awards nominees, all of whom were announced this week.  Four games made the grade as nominees for Outstanding Achievement in Videogame Writing ahead of the Writers Guild Awards on Feb 19.  Globe-trotting treasure hunt Uncharted 4: A Thief's End closed out the franchise's main storyline.  As the PlayStation 4's best-reviewed game, Uncharted 4's acclaim was matched by its public reception, becoming the platform's fastest-selling and overall best-selling release.  Meanwhile, the Call of Duty franchise launched a new sub-series with its Infinite Warfare storyline, embracing a futuristic setting even more boldly than before.  Also under consideration by Writers Guild members will be Far Cry Primal, a spin-off from an established action franchise that swapped modern day thrill-seeking for prehistoric times.  And Mr. Robot 1.5 extfiltratiOn, a thematically faithful tie-in for conspiratorial cybersecurity drama Mr. Robot that came from the same small studio behind another 2016 hit, Oxenfree.  Uncharted 4 and Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare also featured among the VES's slate of nominees, most of whom are competing in film or television categories.  Four other potential candidates were named in the VES's video game Real-Time Project category, those being Dishonored 2 for an exquisitely detailed, time-distorting mission contained within it, Xbox One and Windows 10 shooter Gears of War 4, the videogame, live-action partial hybrid Quantum Break, and the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them film tie-in and virtual reality experience for Google's Daydream VR headset.  Both Infinite Warfare and Fantastic Beasts, along with two Game of Thrones episodes, were nominated to an Animated Performance category.  The VES Awards take place Feb 7 and the WGAs take place on Feb 19; their nomination slates were also published the same week as that of the Academy of Interactive Arts and Sciences, whose DICE Awards ceremony is set for Feb 23.  Uncharted 4: A Thief's End features prominently at the video game industry celebration, accumulating 10 nominations across all categories, with atmospheric adventure Inside on nine, Battlefield 1 on eight, The Last Guardian on seven and Firewatch and Overwatch joint on seven.  The DICE Awards' overall Game of the Year category consists of Uncharted 4, Inside, Battlefield 1, Overwatch and mobile smash hit Pokémon Go. — AFP Relaxnews You May Be Interested For white-collar staff, AI threatens new workplace revolution Japan clears up confusion over high-tech toilets The Bentley Continental Supersports gets its own smartwatch Giving nasi lemak extra oomph with wild boar curry Six simple steps to feng shui your home Purple should be your favourite CNY colour Others Also Read Serena routs Safarova to reach third round Help Bajau Laut to have a place to call home Be firm with telemarketers advertisement Latest News Six Coolpad workers detained in patent dispute with former employer Huawei Toshiba woes intensify on reports of US$6bil writedown, shares plummet Snap Inc hires Jennifer Park Stout as head of global policy Panasonic aims to move Tesla auto partnership beyond batteries: CEO US exchanges rent helicopter, drape banner in pursuit of Snapchat IPO Most Viewed in Tech Six Coolpad workers detained in patent dispute with former employer Huawei Pokémon Go: New update fixes GPS drift Panasonic aims to move Tesla auto partnership beyond batteries: CEO Upcoming 2017 MacBook Pros could get latest-gen Intel Core Kaby Lake processors Japan clears up confusion over high-tech toilets The Bentley Continental Supersports gets its own smartwatch For white-collar staff, AI threatens new workplace revolution Bikeshare cycles dumped en masse in China China to develop prototype super, super computer in 2017 Toshiba woes intensify on reports of US$6bil writedown, shares plummet Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D) Navigating Kuala Lumpur's traffic during rush hour can be chaotic. What is the preferred navigation system to beat the jam?
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business selected Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Business selected Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Business Business Can your voice reveal whether you have an illness? By Adi Gaskell Technology of Business reporter 19 January 2017 From the section Business Share Share this with Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-38637257 Read more about sharing. Close share panel Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Our voices can tell us more than we think Our voices are amazing things. We can use them to sing, shout and whisper sweet nothings. We can use them to activate gadgets and prove who we are to banks. And now researchers believe they can also reveal whether we're getting ill. A US start-up called Canary Speech is developing a way of analysing conversations using machine learning to test for a number of neurological and cognitive diseases, ranging from Parkinson's to dementia. The project was born out of a painful personal experience for the firm's co-founder Henry O'Connell. "It has been my pleasure to have as a friend for nearly 30 years a dear gentleman who was diagnosed six years ago with Parkinson's disease," says Mr O'Connell. "My friend was told when the diagnosis was finally made that it was likely that he had been suffering from Parkinson's for over 10 years." As with so many diseases, early diagnosis can play a crucial role in effectively managing the condition, but recent research highlights the difficulties in correctly diagnosing it, with doctors often struggling to distinguish the symptoms. And the longer the condition goes undiagnosed, the more severe the symptoms become. Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Parkinson's disease symptoms include tremors, difficulty moving and speech problems "During the years before his diagnosis was accurately made, my friend, suffering from muscle and apparent nerve-related pain, was treated in several medical facilities," says Mr O'Connell. "The muscle and nerve-related pain were directly associated with a progressing Parkinson's illness. Because it went undiagnosed, proper treatment was delayed and his Parkinson's progressed potentially more rapidly than it would have under proper diagnosis and treatment." Canary Speech developed algorithms after examining the speech patterns of patients with particular conditions, including Alzheimer's, dementia and Parkinson's. This enabled them to spot a number of tell-tale signs both pre and post-diagnosis, including the kinds of words used, their phrasing, and the overall quality of speech. For instance, one symptom of the disease is a softening of the voice - something than can be easily overlooked by those close to us. But Canary Speech's software is capable of picking up such small changes in speech patterns. Fellow co-founder Jeff Adams was previously chief executive at Yap, the company bought by Amazon and whose technology subsequently formed the core of the tech giant's voice-activated Echo speaker. Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Some studies suggest our speech patterns can give an early indication of Alzheimer's disease The overall goal is to be able to spot the onset of these conditions considerably sooner than is currently possible. In initial trials, the software was used to provide real-time analysis of conversations between patients and their clinicians. As with so many machine learning-based technologies, it will improve as it gains access to more data to train the algorithms that underpin it. And as more voice-activated devices come on to the market and digital conversations are recorded, the opportunities to analyse all this data will also increase. Some researchers have analysed conversations between patients and drug and alcohol counsellors, for example, to assess the degree of empathy the therapists were displaying. "Machine learning and artificial intelligence has a major role to play in healthcare," says Tony Young, national clinical lead for innovation at NHS England. "You only have to look at the rapid advancements made in the last two years in the translation space. Machine learning won't replace clinicians, but it will help them do things that no humans could previously do." It is easy to see how such technology could be applied to teaching and training scenarios. How's my talking? Voice analysis is also being used in commercial settings. For instance, tech start-up Cogito, which emerged from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, analyses the conversations taking place between customer service staff and customers. They monitor interactions in real time. Their machine learning software compares the conversation with its database of successful calls from the past. The team believes that it can provide staff with real-time feedback on how the conversation is going, together with advice on how to guide things in a better direction - what it calls "emotional intelligence". Image copyright Cogito Image caption Cogito's software gives real-time tips to customer service staff as they talk to customers These tips can include altering one's tone or cadence to mirror that of the customer, or gauging the emotions on display to try to calm the conversation down. It's even capable of alerting the supervisor if it thinks that greater authority would help the conversation reach a more positive conclusion. The advice uses the same kind of behavioural economics used so famously by the UK government's Behavioural Insights Team, also known as the Nudge Unit. Early customers of Cogito's product, including Humana, Zurich and CareFirst BlueCross, report an increase in customer satisfaction of around 20%. As the internet of things spreads its tentacles throughout our lives, voice analysis will undoubtedly be added to other biometric ways of authenticating ourselves in a growing number of situations. Google's Project Abacus, for example, is dedicated to killing passwords, given that 70% of us apparently forget them every month. It plans to use our speech patterns - not just what we say but how we say it - in conjunction with other behavioural data, such as how we type, to build up a more reliable picture of our identity. Our smartphones will know who we are just by the way we use them. The big - silent - elephant in the room is how all this monitoring and analysis of our voices will impact upon our right to privacy. Follow Technology of Business editor Matthew Wall on Twitter and Facebook Click here for more Technology of Business features Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn Technology of Business Top Stories Dozens missing in Italian avalanche Three bodies are removed from the ruins of a luxury mountain hotel as a desperate search continues. 19 January 2017 First footage inside avalanche hotel 19 January 2017 May: Inequality fuels politics of division 19 January 2017 Features Alkaline swindle The dying officer treated for cancer with baking soda Remember these? Where have all the courgettes gone? Make no mistake The man correcting stories about Muslims Video Cutting loose The Instagram star who cuts Michelle Obama's hair Hard pressed Why does the NHS always seem to be short of staff? Twenty years later What is it like witnessing history as a child? Pious vs secular The widening lifestyle chasm in modern Turkey The meat killer The vegan trying to make the perfect burger Final destination Grappling with Thailand's lethal roads News navigation Business Sections Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business selected Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit NI Election 2017 Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
